In other words, to prevent the boys from tearing apart his precious building with their cheerful mischief before they graduated. Shaking his head slowly, he flipped through the papers. The boy had obviously been through hard times, arriving just this morning with only a tiny banged up suitcase and his letter of acceptance. He'd seen too many spoiled, rich brats and it was nice to see someone different for a change. . His only problem now was to make sure no one found out his secret - that Sam Westlane was actually Samantha Westlane and that she was far from meeting the standards for the . . She'd managed to intercept the mail and she'd nearly wept with relief at the sight of the thick envelope. Standing before the nondescript oak door, she quickly smoothed down her short hair, which she had cropped off awkwardly with a pair of shears, and reached out for the doorknob. With a hesitant smile, she stepped in and stopped short. she whispered and slammed the door. Her roommate caught her in his arms to steady her and she looked up into a pair of irritated gray eyes. Vincent's lips quirked in amusement before he plastered on a cool, bored look. And I was so looking forward to a challenge this time. Today, Vincent was in the mood to choose the latter. Out of the corner of his eyes, he caught a slight movement and he quickly turned to catch the football his best friend, Jack, hurled at him. Other students who came their way quickly turned around or fled in a wide veer around the two boys. He wrinkled his nose. You wait. please? That's all there was to it—death was simply the best option at this point. She felt as though she'd just repeatedly banged her head on cement. The sadistic bastard, she thought bitterly as she closed her eyes to try and block the unwanted rays from stinging her eyes any further. Who could manage to combine contempt, sarcasm, bemusement, and boredom into an eloquent and almost caressing tone of voice? They did not (repeat: not) sleep together. If he was going to take advantage of her, one would think that, with all his money, he'd have the decency to at least soften the blow by allowing her to wake up in a nice room where there were not (repeat: not) piss stains on the wall. This was a dire situation. However, she knew Jude Keenan well enough to know that he'd never lay a finger on a woman unless she wanted him to. Sighing, he managed to drag his tired and extremely sore body away from the softness of the mattress. Like his hair looking any other way just simply wasn't imaginable. Really… that Lira… she was an amusing girl indeed. He must have been the one who picked it out, seeing as how Lira—with her obsession of all things gaudy—couldn't possibly have gotten rid of years of bad taste so quickly. Well… anymore than she already had. And even that was stretching it. His mind was more fucked up than he'd initially thought. ). Apparently all the years in America hadn't watered down the O'Brien temper. ), he suddenly felt very soiled and… impure. He vowed to never wear a single shade of brown again. He figured at least that was something. She looked downright green, he observed. I'd love it if you'd drop me a review and tell me what you think. OK, so it would've only taken a couple of extra seconds to get a glass, but it was one of those days where even that tiny amount of additional effort could have been my undoing. I had willingly given them to her and headed off a couple of hours earlier than I normally would have done, not with a spring in my step as you would imagine, but with a heavy heart knowing that I would just use the extra time to get some reading done. Well, that was the line we were being fed at the moment anyway due to the worryingly high levels of stress being detected amongst those of us doing first year law at Grove University. ' I think that would really have pushed the boundaries of decency which were, by the looks of it, already being severely tested. I then wordlessly passed it to the girl who had the enormous responsibility of lugging those bazookas around everywhere. While Allison collected her clothes and hurriedly changed, I watched with no small amount of satisfaction as the tips of Brad's fingers continually just missed the silky fabric of his undergarments. No, he was just a typical third year law student meaning he drank a lot of beer and knew more than was decently possible about torts. Even my dress sense screamed medium; I usually went for layered tops and a pair of jeans, perfect for my life that revolved around uni and work, neither of which required an excess of halter tops or miniskirts. He respected that I liked to keep my distance and we got along fine. She closed the door behind her with a soft thump and my boyfriend and I were left staring at each other in complete silence. However, I was so much in a state of shock that I only lifted my eyebrows slightly in response, something that seemed to unnerve him even more than if I had pulled a full harpy act on him. I thought about calmly explaining to him that I had this thing called a conscience and believed in the concept of fidelity, but it seemed too time consuming so I settled for the shortened version. Did he really think I would have stayed with him if I'd suspected he was cheating? I'm not a huge drinker in large groups, after a rather unfortunate incident with a guy at a friend's 16th, I preferred to keep my head at parties. My legs hit the edge and I fell backwards onto the mattress at which point Brad climbed on top of me. I broke my lips free from his and pushed him off of me without any warning so he toppled to the floor where he had looked up at me, balefully. What can you do? I'd just never felt that comfortable with the physical part of relationships. Being with Brad, who had seemed so understanding, had quieted my fears about being a prudish freak, but all my insecurities were back with a vengeance now. I knew I hated Wednesdays for a reason. How long had I let my fear of physical relationships stop me from living life to the fullest extent? ) and I knew just the person. I had to wait there for a moment as I fumbled in my bag for my keys, but, eventually, I found them and I burst into the living room in an explosion of urgency. . Chris said. . Chris called up, as he tied his shoelaces. Two blondes and One brunette. They smiled devilishly as they approached me. ever. brothers, inseparable brothers who made me miserable at times. We reached Chris and the three girls. What a bitch. Devon or Chris. "Yeah, but I've known that guy forever. I said, changing the subject. This is the last winter dance for us. Allison leaned in closer. You've got to go this year. Pretty"? Your gorgeous Neely! Your hair! Neely! I said. Aiden ran a hand through his gelled hair. "So Donovan, Trista Rowen has been hanging around you a lot lately. Chris rubbed his eyes, a bit irritated. someone else spoke up, making him cringe. ". Chris glanced at Devon who had shrunk back a little. Chris said. Jason said still glancing over his shoulder. Devon shrugged again. you hear me? "It's none of your business, moron. Devon asked again. "Now will you two please leave me alone? Not till you tell us what the jack ass wanted". I stood up and grabbed my lunch. I heard my name being called. I lazily asked, turning to face Devon. Devon grinned. he shouted and then walked away. ? By the way, the second chapter should be up next week. That made seven girls who were talking about the same thing. Two more problems to go, and I'd be done. He had a particular knack for ferreting out students who just happened to be clueless about a specific problem. It always made me feel guilty, as if I'd kicked a cute puppy or something. I started copying. So I just ignored her and concentrated on Noelle's answers. Good, I could work. And the three of us had stuck together ever since. The only thing he loved to talk about was Jeremy Phillips himself. It had been an offer too good to pass up. So it wasn't like I couldn't get a date. Too bad I was only a junior; otherwise I'd graduate in a few more months. We'd managed to coordinate our schedules, so we had a lot of our classes together. she asked breathlessly. Her eyes glittered with amusement. He was mostly just there. He was just a guy, and all guys were dogs. So if you think something terrible happened to me, think again. I don't want my heart broken because I don't want to spend energy repairing it. It was hard to remember that I hadn't wanted him before. Wow. I'd always done that, ever since I was little, and it was good to know that our daily ritual hadn't changed. His excuses were either silly or serious. After a flurry of goodbyes, she left. I'd barely finished the two required chapters for Honors English when Jared came home. Hopefully, Andy wouldn't turn out to be like him. I ignored them until Ryan's voice drifted upstairs. I'd had sixteen years as Jared's sister, and I knew when something was up. I told him. It was a game that involved a twisted sense of masculine ego and pride. He let them off easy. See what I mean? Pretty much the only word I could use to describe their various antics. Livy was aware of it, and I hated to rub it in. It's not as easy as it looks. He shrieked right into my ear and I reeled. He grasped my elbow and dragged me into the family room. He looked at me as if he'd never seen me before and then a corner of his mouth turned up. It was in full effect now, but I was unmoved. My hands had literally turned purple from the dye, and I scrubbed my hands raw for five days straight. Andy was my lone defender, and he just gnawed on my hair. I could have understood it if he was putting on a show for his friends, but he actually seemed to believe he could make me fall for him. He raised an eyebrow. Almost without fail, the winner was always a part of the in crowd. The reality of my situation sank in and I buried my head in my hands. non-existent and crap sounding. He was also any monkey. . . . . . How was I to help myself? . . Yeah, little did you know that it would happen again. And what other school activity would have sufficed other than the Singles auction? That one's simple, in fact, it only takes two words to answer: my twin. Because it sure as heck must be an illusion, there is no way that I am worth that much money. What exactly did they think I was going to do? Totally disregarding my female pride! I groaned, and shot another glare at Remington. And you guessed it; his name is Jonah Mills. And yet, in the ten years that I've been at the academy, he has yet to try and kick me out. It had enormous white mansions atop rolling hills, antiseptic gardens that were cleaned and pruned within an inch of their lives, perfect-looking residents, and greenery that was so lush and so fresh that it made me feel like a dirty old tramp. They'd never in their lives experienced anything but normality, and by then, I had. The walls of the toilet were a dull green, but Jazz, my eighteen-year-old coworker, had dyed her hair neon yellow and the colour brightened up the room. Sometimes Jazz reminded me of my Hadley, but without the attitude and the drinking that had been customary for my stepsister ever since we'd lost Neil. I headed for the guy. And a scowl that was even more prominent than the rest of his lean face. And I'd thought I was the only teenager in America to have read that. But among the things I didn't like, rude customers who thought they were always right was at the top of the list, with the fact that we had to be nice to them coming a close second. The rude, arrogant jackass. An arrogant jackass taking out his bad mood on me wasn't going to be able to break my heart. Jazz was standing behind it, her gaze fixed on the rude customer, a strange expression on her round, open face. I'd always been a sucker for secrets. Both had accepted me, thanks to my grades and carefully-chosen extracurricular activities in Woodhouse High, but Thornton had offered me a scholarship that covered three-fourths of my tuition. I didn't know how to intrude on people's privacy without offending them. Now it had the pick of the brightest, richest, WASPiest kids and teachers on the East Coast, and standing outside it that sunny August morning, I wasn't at all sure what I was doing there. I felt even more intimidated once inside; I would never fit in here. Kindness, judging from the way immaculately-dressed strangers on the streets smirked at my clothes and from the rude asshole's comment at Big Happy Family in the morning, was not the prevalent character trait of people in Linbury. He wiped his right palm on his worn blue jeans and reached out to shake my hand. He looked so comfortable standing there, as if he belonged and knew he did. Not that I would anyway – but I didn't want to take any chances. One of the most gorgeous girls I had ever seen sat on the leather couch. She was tall and curvy, with glossy black hair cascading in a straight waterfall down to her lightly-freckled red-halter-top-clad shoulder and gleaming long-lashed dark eyes. Evidently, Chris – Christopher Raymond Fitzgerald, Roxanne had called him – was popular enough to be good friends with her. Her flawless skin and chiseled features made her face look graceful and open and sweet but her elegant posture suggested that she was anything but pure and open. But I seemed to be doing both already, without even intending to. I bit my lip anxiously. All things considered, I could understand why she sounded so disgusted. There were magnificent curios scattered around the room – a silver-topped table with a gleaming golden statue of the Buddha on it, a tasteful golden lamp, an antique-looking desk behind which the principal sat on a plush armchair. So many people would have just hedged about and expressed themselves in insulting hints and insinuations. I said quietly. I felt a pang of apprehension, but to my surprise, Roxanne walked straight up to me and gave me a friendly smile. I said reluctantly. Conveniently, it was the kind of day that was perfect for a walk along the river. Sipping my espresso, I felt surprisingly good. Yet, on a red-and-white checked picnic blanket spread over the grass, were a guy and a girl, all but swallowing each other's tongues. I reached for my cell phone, fiddling with the speed-dial menu, trying frantically to remember his number. What was wrong with me? A moment that she would probably kill me for witnessing. And when it was someone I knew – someone who didn't exactly wish me well – then it really, really freaked me out. Things didn't normally faze me quite so much. As in, the gorgeous guy who'd made me forget about my longtime boyfriend for a few seconds. I didn't like it, but I had to admit that it was a hot grin. He'd wanted to make me admit that I'd been watching him on the picnic blanket. Or Roxanne. The essential tool that I needed to contact Curtis and Rachael and everyone else I cared about. He gave me a look of mock surprise. He was nothing but a cocky, annoying asshole. I said, starting to move towards the door. Having the queen of the school loathe me wouldn't exactly be conductive to a successful and happy time at Thornton. Belong here I did not. And then he'd bothered to run after some sophomore girl he didn't even know, just to ask her not to spread rumours about what she'd seen them doing, even though they'd been doing it in full public view. Was it simply that Roxanne didn't want Chris to know, and she thought Chris would believe what I said? I would hang out long-distance with the kids I truly cared about and hadn't talked to for so long. I had no doubt that she was out with her friends – it was summer, after all. And Chris Fitzgerald, with his nice smile – but he probably wasn't all that different from the other two. Damn Linbury and its occupants to hell. It was pointless trying to be offended at anything Bridget said, she'd just shoot you one of her cheeky grins and you couldn't help forgiving her. My sport is so important, Isobel, I can't let anything get in the way. Maybe nobody in our small town really could appreciate his talent, and one day someone from the city would fall to their knees and beg him to sign up with their club. ' By which he'd meant cleaning up after him and doing his laundry which, for the record, I didn't particularly like doing, I just didn't like living in a pigsty either. I wouldn't want it to be awkward for them. Like I had done so many times before, however, I had swallowed the hurt and shook my head. Thanks, anyway. I wanted something new, something a bit daring, something nobody would ever expect Isobel Saunders to do. What she'd found, as far as anyone could tell, was numerous sexual partners and a party every night. When I'd turned up on her doorstep a couple of weeks ago, homeless and heartbroken, she had been fantastic about it, immediately inviting me to stay as long as I liked. I shrank back against the couch. As always, everything in her room was covered in a mountain of clothes as if a cyclone had hit her wardrobe. Yes, Gary was definitely a tomato, one that has just passed its prime so that, unless you have a really sharp knife it is almost impossible to slice because it just bends and slides away from your blade. If desk-size were indicative of penis size in the way I suspected some businessmen thought they were, Gary sure seemed to think he was phallic-ly blessed. The lying, the cheating, the emotional abuse – how Zarah suffered at the hands of top footballer, Lucas Goodspeed. Just call me 'Mr Popular'. Maybe, this way, I would finally get some peace. Fierce Dragon kidnaps Princess (Insert Name), but Knight/Prince-In-Shining-Freakin'-Armour kills said dangerous Dragon with a mere prick of his sword, and rescues the divinely beautiful and angelic Princess. Storybooks lie. This is about a certain episode in my life, containing the ups, the middles, and the many (and I mean many) downs. But as you can tell, things went wrong. I would be devastated if this spread around in school. I would love to hear what you think. It will be a very interesting battle royale ahead. All comments are welcome, as usual. Nothing". They could score. You too, Christie". I think I like him. Avery sat on the bench of her college courtyard, questioning for the millionth time whether she had made the right decision. She would have to take a whole different schedule. How she loathed the rich! Cargo pants, button-down shirt, and long, unruly locks – all signs of someone with too much money on his hands. Avery looked at him annoyed. She looked down at her portfolio once more, disgusted by the letter protruding from it. Again, a sincere congratulations from the staff at Shanahan Plastics – America's Leader in Durable Plastics. He had been kind to her; perhaps not all rich people were bad. It was just she and her mom. Avery scoffed at the sight of them. She just wanted to get to class, concentrate on her studies. She scoffed at the idea. Avery certainly believed he was going to counter with some arrogant, rich kid comment. So this was his father's scholarship winner. She did not need anyone dangling that over her head. 'He made a joke,What college kid doesn't dream about a night with Paris? What had he done to deserve being the topic of almost every girl's dorm room gossip? Maybe because my father told me to take it… I don't remember. She was carrying a bunch of books, so I guess she just got out of study hall. I have to get outside before he leaves! Ran away to wherever her long, famous legs took her. Sitting sprawled on the ground with all his other friends. His back was rested against the tree, one knee up and the other leg stretched out lazily. I jerked back when he glanced up, looking around. I'm actually a junior, and she's a senior like Cassie. ) That and the fact that she's very pretty. And here I am, Plain Jane. She sighed. Don't tell me… no way, that would have been way too coincidental…. Oh fack, it was sexiness. I gestured helplessly in Riley's and Sandra's direction, both whom were silently watching, equally powerless. I let out a squeal of delight feeling energized all over again. Louis was Riley's older brother. She loves watching me suffer. And whenever someone with a lot of piercing come for trial, they seem to always be the convict. They should know me better than that. She's more tan and has the definite Mexican in her. I felt like jumping when he heavily sighed. I looked at the guy behind the counter and my eyes widened. Maybe like, ten times? I frankly thought she did quite a good job. I needed one too. If I didn't get a tongue ring, Oz would think I'd hate him forever, since he already did think that I disliked body piercing. (Neither of us had cell phones, as pathetic as it may sound). We exchanged brief 'how are you' before I quickly asked for Cassie. Of course I agreed. Thanks so muchh for reading, I heart all of your reviews. :)THE DAY I STALKED HIM. The best part about Tuesdays though, was that the swim team had not one, but two hours of practice. It had to be true. Anything! How? Swoon. They were, however, gifted athletes. . No, it wasn't female. Lalala. With absolutely no offense to Ex-boyfriend Number One and Two, Ashton made me want to be a naughty, naughty little girl. 007 status: still alive. This was when being short was not advantageous. Oh, yes, do stop in the middle of the stairs and shout greetings to your homies that you haven't seen in like, forever. Jackpot, baby. 007 status: in pain. Enough said. 007 status: torn. A look of slight discomfort could be seen from his profile. Notes: target has uneven ears, and an out of place uni-dimple when concentrating. Notes: target has feminine lower lip, profile only. 007 status: connecting carbon chains to make swastikas. He didn't try to wipe his nose with the back of his hand, but instead rummaged through his bag for a small package of Kleenex. Class was over, and that was the only thing that mattered. In essence, I could live again. . So, I had no choice but to sit two seats away and pray to God no one would think I had a neck tic. Drugs? With quaking fingers, I opened the last fold and feasted on the juicy information. Let us 'not be' together. But, it was much easier said than done. My sense of humor and sanity signed a pact that whenever Ashton Brody approached within five meters, they would commit temporary suicide. A few have tried, but they all gave up in the end because of his rather 'reserved' personality. 'Catch them when they are most vulnerable,' as someone famous probably once said. What could be more of a turn off than hearing the person you crushed on take a dump? I sure could. Not even a gay boy would wear size six grey and pink Puma runners. he was masturbating! In school. Mission: complete? Mission: up in the air. . 007 status: wary and weary. There was an effortless ease about him that commanded the attention of those around him. Maybe receding hairlines were in. Having two older brothers, I was very, very familiar with the sight of guys stuffing so much food in at once that parts of it stuck out from their mouths or dribbled down their chin. Grabbing a napkin from a dispenser, he began to write. What was the boy writing? Upon getting closer though, I noticed something odd. Who would eat out alone? The longer I stayed, the more I would realize that he was everything I cracked him up to be. They make babies, bringing poor unsuspecting souls into the world. Fortunately, he did not cease his incessant badgering of flowers, chocolates, or anything equally expensive he sent her way. Jared Anderson, Ale Anderson announced in a proud voice of a new father. They had to keep going. I've always wanted a little girl. He'd have your smile and eyes. Can you really tell who your real friends are especially when you'd forget by the time playtime rolled around? Our relationship just grew as years went by, our knowledge and awareness strengthening our bond instead of weakening it. I didn't know what it meant back then, but looking at it now, I'd remember the numb hurt spreading throughout my ten-year-old body. He told me I was useless. But I started as he turned his back and walked away from me. I just couldn't. And I knew he was for real. He pushed passed me, passed my shocked face, and passed the scrapbook I made for him. He'd glare at me whenever we caught each other's eyes, and soon the dirty glares turned into verbal assaults. He knew that smile bothered me, which was why he kept doing it. His scorn was still there, but he seemed to find everything between us amusing, if nothing else. We were entering puberty, my hormone level was increasing, I hated my period, and he did nothing to make my life any easier. I shudder every time I think of it. I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss it, because I do. Even when I loathed his existence, just the reminder of him sending me into a tumult, I managed to—stupidly—gain a crush on him. The dumber and hormone-influenced split of me was blushing, stuttering, and felt the need to know how his arms around me felt. That's how intense his existence was for me. He pulled me to the side, his face utterly serious for once, and he wouldn't let me go until I answered him properly. So I socked him in the face. He surrounded me and that was not good. Exactly. So I punched his other eye when no one was conveniently looking. Compared to other kids my age, I am an angel. I waited for him to set the bar. He used me like a dirty rag, and I unconsciously let him. It was as if a strange force always brought us back to each other—no matter how resistant or reluctant we are—reminding us—me—that he meant more to me than anything. If he stuck with his murderous glares and stabbing insults instead of slowly treating me differently, then I wouldn't have the need to kneel over and grab my chest in a futile attempt to hold myself together. It was like a critical void that needed filling—and he was the only one that can. What would I do if I never get to hear him say my Belle ever again? Sometimes it takes something bad to realize what you can't live without. I turned the radio up, plucking a pencil from my hair and a slip of paper from a book by the phone. She stood up, brushing her hands down the front of her white and red knee-length dress. Not necessarily a bad weird, but just a weird weird, if that made any sense at all. I only had time to glance at her before she had shoved me aside. Amber shot me an almost frightened look, catching me trying to peek. I walked down the hall, glancing at my sister's closed door and scowling. Eyes a strange blend of blue and green stared at me, glancing down once and then snapping back to my face. I was still eating when Amber's boyfriend reappeared cautiously in the doorway, hands shoved in the pockets of his baggy light denim jeans. I took another mouthful of cereal, chewing thoughtfully while he watched me. Black underwear, with little white hearts. I growled. He pulled it back on and shoved his hands in his pockets. I waved my hand around. she said, and I was confused as to the hesitation in her voice. I asked slowly. Oliver Creston surveyed the field with a casual expression as he dropped his duffel bag on the bench. For several different reasons. She was, and no one could deny his words. Something clenched in his gut when he saw the fear. It took everything in him to keep himself rooted. Jealousy didn't exist in their relationship… much. The tight feeling in his chest could only be described as distrust – for Corey Davis – and worry – for the girl. Why did he care so much, anyway? How strange. There was no need to worry about the threat the girl's exquisiteness posed. He smiled slightly, eyes locked. He was never going to see her again. I know this. Kid brothers. me. I chirped. Sorry. . ". I declared infinitively. I didn't really care. He went back to his straightlaced manner. weird". survive it". anybody"? It hurt to hear it out loud. He really wasn't my teacher anymore. it's extremely creepy". Stupid, balding, pasty, boot wearing man. I stopped but made no move to look back at him. The halls were empty. . at least partially. This wasn't like him at all. He was really avoiding it. Why? He winced as I slammed my body back into the booth. ". shit. Nolan snapped. . Mr. Poplar". maybe"? I wanted to go home. . . never. . whatever. . At you". mad. invented him? he had an animal for a last name". you get it"? Just put him somewhere around water. ". He nodded. this morning in my paste". all this looking has made me tired. something-BEAR. I'm not sure. They just have a bad attitude". He quipped. One can't walk fast enough in this house. ". they're just Satan is all". ". it's Bear". . ". . that's all. you're just friends with a freak". ". Was I scared? I was worried, really worried, terrified. . . . I deserve it". I was so hurt. You would not. Since when did I get so pathetic? A. Bear B. Bear. . He hates messes. It's 2:30. I stand back. It certainly wouldn't surprise me. I don't care. We have only two left now. I guess I used to do a lot of things. Again and again, thank you. I wrote the last chapter while in college. Poets could have spent decades trying to describe those toes and still not done them justice. His bitter ponderings could come later, along with the regret. She had his full attention. When her eyes fell on his manhood, she reached out and ran a hand up and down his length in obvious awe. Crispinus took it, dumped the gold into his hand, and counted the coins. What other reason would I have besides I'm waking up? Bang. Him. I add quickly. Ow. Well, I suppose it looks that way from their point of view; I don't have a lot of time to do homework between chores and…physical training. When the door shuts, I tense but keep working. His footsteps stop as he reaches the doorway to the room. It's too much of a bother to try to break the habit. I'll clean up the glass last. That's why he gets me to do it, I'm sure. Damn it! Then I stand after throwing away the scraps and I'm faced with the mirror. Everything else in the mirror belongs to Alfred because I look exactly like him, except a few of his features are withered away from drinking. People fucking lie too much. He snorts. New Yorkers would be wearing shorts and tank tops while I'm out here in a jacket shivering my skinny white arse off. He's kind of weird; he walks with a cane wherever he goes, even though he doesn't have a limp. And then the door opens. I look at her worriedly –she's actually sorta pretty, except for the fact she was most likely just in there banging Alfred. Physical training. At least it's nighttime, so I'm not being blinded by the sun now. Every kick, every punch -perhaps it's my own deficiency, but no matter how often, I can't seem to get used to it. It splits my lip back open, and tomorrow there will probably by a bruise where that horrible throbbing is. I want sleep. It doesn't really suit him. His door slams and I flinch. Though that might change this year… if she can learn to get past first impressions, that is. And maybe he'll make her cross it. Perhaps there's more darkness in her life that people thought. Does it stand a chance? Or so he thinks. Prologue If a duck quacks, and no one is around to hear it, does it still make a sound? At least, in this case. I think that beats the hell out of being boring and predictable, though, two things of which I'm also often accused of being. My name sounds kinda cool, especially when I say it in the whole James Bond kind of voice. Sam Spade. Now, it's just a giant daycare for spoiled, rich teenagers. Plus she's got the adoration of dozens of guys in this school. After all, MR is the only school in Canada that's prestigious enough to ensure you go off to any university you want, and Ian won't have any trouble getting a scholarship to his choice university. Yes, Ian Hart makes up another fifth of the campus hotties. I got over it quickly, though, and so did Alan. I think part of the reason the parentals shipped me off without a second thought is because Scott and I are so much alike, you can easily mistake us for blood. But above all, there is the mutual obsession for Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Now, we're as close as blood siblings, which just goes to show that blood ties don't matter any more than emotional ones. Alan got shipped off the year after me, when I was beginning tenth grade; he was starting seventh grade. But no. Besides, no one would dare to mess with Alan, not when he's got five seniors on his side. Weston's on thin ice with Ian though, so I'm comforted that at least one of my friends has some shred of sanity. I think the official school census had results that showed that seventeen-point-three-percent of the school's population was not white. Or it could be coincidence, I don't know. And really, who does? I try to cool it around Maddy and Scott, but he gets under my skin every single time. I pointed out that we would spend more time together as a family, if only the boys and I weren't thought of as the family disgrace and sent off to boarding school. We helped Scott move into his single room, then we helped Alan move his bags into his dorm, then the boys so graciously helped me bring my bags into my room. Read: money apparently makes up for lack of love. That is the one and only (thank God – if there was more than one, I think I'd have an aneurism), David Nicholas Weston the First. But since Weston was (purposely, I bet) monopolizing Maddy's attention, I started to work by myself. I sneaked a peek, and sure enough, he had that hard look in his eye, and he visibly stiffened. I just retaliate, because hell if I'm going to take his crap lying down. Then again, Weston should grow up and realize that Madison needs a friend of her own gender, too. After that, it seemed that everyone suddenly shot up, and now, I'm actually thought of as short. Madison gave him a reproachful look. He knew how much it pissed me off. Locking the door, I shook my head, startled as I felt his body collide with the thick slab of wood. Satisfied, she continued to lean back on the door and shuffled herself inside until her body was completely in the apartment. She hid her momentary shock at the stranger and asked,  Sneakily she allowed herself one discreet peek at his lean torso, to satisfy the red blooded female in her. She shook her head, regaining focus. Ant was getting annoyed and was about to voice this when he finally spoke,  She hadn't even realised she was still leaning on it. She didn't know why his answer annoyed her, but it did. Although, she knew that Perry's and Dorian's parents had technically bought it for them. It was one thing to have your sister calling you an arrogant SOB, and quite another for a stranger -- who had known you for all of five minutes -- to refer to you as a cocky motherfucker. Ant stood by her words, but she didn't mean for him to hear them. So close in fact that when their last tenant left she had given the room to Ant and foregone the bond. He had been called worse, and by his own men too. She turned around as he slid the door open. But his damn super military hearing must have heard her coming because he turned to face her, which in turn prompted Perry to as well. There was a pause and only Al Green's soulful crooning filled the silence as they held each other's stare. When Perry finally came back Ant simultaneously stood up. Her voice was so cool that Dorian felt the frost in her voice. It was probably why she was so like-able because she was always appeasing everybody -- so mindful of avoiding offence, intended or otherwise. Well, Mr. Dorian Bell, game on. Just thinking about it made Adrian Blake want to scream. Seventeen passengers had offered help. It was with some resentment Adrian saw that her father was the only happy one in the group, humming quietly to himself, no doubt dreaming about his fiancee who'd conned him into uprooting his family and dragging them off to Arizona. He seemed convinced that if they didn't arrive on time, Karen would cancel the wedding. Her father was far in the lead, a running and bobbing figure that weaved through the crowd. He had his arms full of long-stemmed red roses still misty with water drops. Adrian didn't know which was more disgusting: her father licking Karen's throat or Karen's pelvis rubbing against him. In a public place, no less? Their parents were still groping each other. For a moment, Adrian was tempted just to sic Meg on all the Montgomerys. He pushed his glasses with a finger. she said, putting a hand on her sister's shoulder. When Meg hissed her name, she came to life. he informed them in a tone that indicated he was telling a great secret. Hell, at this rate, they'd get arrested for indecent exposure. Starting her senior year in Bumfuck, Arizona wasn't punishment enough? His hair was somewhere between brown and black, and when he glanced in her direction, she caught a glimpse of a straight nose and hollowed out cheekbones. Her eyes were shining, but not from tears this time. he demanded of his brother. His lips remained closed, his eyes curiously hard. More than sometimes, actually, but that wasn't any excuse to make fun of her. Maybe they'd get out of the airport without a fistfight. It was such a crass inspection that her ire leapt. And they appeared absolutely happy about it. The Blake girls and the Montgomery boys kept the parents in the middle, walking far apart from each other. Bumfuck, Arizona had just turned into the gaping mouth of Hell. Mr. Blake and Nicky went with her while everyone else rode in Alex's car. Mommy's boy - although she didn't think he was too close to Karen, based on what she'd seen - or maybe daddy's boy. Not in front of Alex, not with him around. he said, the first word he'd said to her since they'd left the airport. He'd been her boyfriend for three years, and it hurt to leave him behind in Chicago. His face was turning a dull red while muffled sounds issued from him. He just wasn't that type, and she knew Meg had filed that away. Meg had no use for a person who wouldn't fight back. Adrian's father had extolled the delights of Arizona's real estate, saying that houses were bigger, even at cheaper prices. In lieu of flowers, stones dotted the ground in a decorative fashion, leading the pathway to the front door. When she ventured further, she glimpsed a swimming pool in the backyard. . She opened her mouth to complain, but Karen plowed ahead. Yeah, that was subtle. The movers had thrown them around in a haphazard heap. That was her grand view? Now she was stuck in the fucking desert. People had often remarked on her amazing self-composure. How was she supposed to have some privacy? he said, without a special emphasis on the last word, but just the same, Adrian clearly heard it. She was entirely reliant on Karen and Alex for rides. When they weren't gazing at each other, lost in their world, Karen kept concentrating on Adrian and her sisters. Maybe Karen had a chemical fixer every now and then. Jason-and-Adrian, people had jokingly called them. She only had to last here a year until graduation and then she'd sprint out of Arizona, leaving it in dust. Just like my other stories. At the same time, there are some sections from the original version that you will recognize. You have made my time here memorable, and I hope you will join me for this new-ish ride. There was no reason for it. My teacher, like she did every other day, tried to help the class understand one utterly simple concept. My reasons were far more complicated that that. She never noticed when I raised my hand or tried to speak, so why bother? I suppose the principle actually forced him to attend class today. It was rather unnerving to watch, but at the same time, quite amusing that a student could have that affect on her. Unfortunately, I've never been close enough too see the color of his eyes; I only knew they were a dark colour. But Miss Halt gave me the impression that she thought he was capable of murder. Keeping his eyes on the window beside him he tried to ignore Miss Halt as she attempted having a conversation with him. I wondered if someone would actually notice the girl in the corner this time. He was purposely driving her insane. I didn't see him look my way once. I had light brown hair that went a bit past my shoulders, and my eyes had a strange mixture of gray and green that constantly contrasted and competed with each other. I lowered my hand slowly, taking in every pair of eyes, a nervous blush creeping across my cheeks. I'd be out of here by then. A fourteen-line poem usually written in iambic pentameter… but to tell her when she forgot I even existed? (Remind me to kill myself later for acting like such a fruit-loop)  I finished, blinking rapidly for maximum effect. I'll post the latest chapter after I'm finished. Soon he's tearing up the city looking for her, but will his father's plans for his marriage conclude before he finds her? But what is all this talk of his betrothal? He'll open it and, lo and behold, there will be an invitation informing him that some strange woman obsessed with flowers died and, as her last wish, asked that he attend her funeral. Then he'll go home and tell his still beautiful wife about what a strange day's he's had and she'll say something perfect that will make him laugh and by the next week, he'll have forgotten all about it. ' Gnawing on her lip, Annabelle considered the idea. His face was dusty and his shirt, which Annabelle could have sworn was white just that morning, was covered in dirt. Adrian would never know that the message she had sent him. The boy jumped up, grabbing a bouquet from the floor beside him. An orphan living on the streets, most likely, hailed by someone to deliver a message, with the promise of a coin. Was the lad joking with him? He seemed sincere, but boys on the street were known to be skilled tricksters. He regarded the offered bouquet now in a new light. What a delightfully intriguing diversion from the lull of the summer. I hope you guys help a fiction-sister out by telling everyone you can, subscribing to the Youtube channel and maybe even throwing a buck or two at the website's 'donation' section so we can make this as kickass as possible. I survived the horrors of public schooling by hiding in the shadow of the legend that was my three older brothers. It was day-to-day life, reflecting on anything and everything we did. It made me a tomboy and the subject of ridicule for most of my pre-double-digit years, but it did teach me how not to cry. I never heard from that boy again. It took me forever to convince them to let me go. The people at the pound were all too happy to give him to me instead of the animal abuse crew. I was upset with her for that, then decided it was a good opportunity… for me. And Girl Code rule number 1: Never date your girlfriend's boyfriend, ex, or otherwise, without express permission in verbal or written contract. It hurt, but I got over it. To top it off, I had lost my oldest friend over a boy that I didn't even have a chance to date. The next chapter is probably a better reflection of what the story will be like. — Sean O'CaseyCHAPTER ONE. Five pairs of eyes moved quickly over the large screens that covered the expanse of three walls. Only five keys were ever made to open its solid oak doors, and even more astounding was that, since the wing was built in 1852, only six had ever stepped foot inside. No doubt, that's what it looked like from the outside. No, each one stood more breathtaking than the next in a way that even a selected few of the male students wondered if maybe they were not as straight as they thought themselves to be. Even the mothers of the mothers could not resist the magic his fingers produced on the violin. Being insulted was such a turn on when every girl within a two-mile radius fell so willingly at his feet. And of course, it was just his luck that no good girl could truly resist a bad boy – especially when he smiled like that and talked dirty, reeealll dirty. It was such a titillating mystery. Not because he disliked him, but because he was just so damn serious all the time. Because even though he was often cold toward the female sex, and although no one really knew how this next fact became general knowledge, Gabriel St. Jude was a fantastic lover. He was, after all, the eldest. No one could put their fingers on it, but there was just something about Adam that drew people like a magnet. But then again, who knew sweet little Jesse would turn out like this? Slowly, then furtively, the girl crept out from her hiding spot, sprinted to the center of the hallway, and then proceeded to walk at an exaggeratedly steady pace. And judging from the split-second look Gabriel slid his way, he confirmed, without a doubt, that Gabriel had lied. He is the quiet, smart type but could easily fit in with the 'popular' crowd with his looks and because he plays on Varsity Football. He had ended it though for some unknown reason. Sad thing is, I'm a junior now. It's for children from kindergarten to 6th grade who take a bus everyday once school is over to the community center to have fun while waiting for their parents to come and take them home. I also have a small, blackish-brown Yorkshire terrier that goes by the name of Skipper. I smiled lightly barely noticing the boy who was coming toward me. Nothing new, right? I blinked as a strong pair of arms wrapped around me and lifted me off my feet. After he blinked he smiled. I shook my head and headed toward Pre-Cal. Sighing inwardly, I shook my head. I bit my lip and quickly walked out the door. I smiled brightly at her and she returned it. That was when I pointed out to her that she was once a little kid; she just smacked me on my head and decided to play dumb. The kid looks like he is close to tears. I kneel down beside him while he looks at me; I smile while he wipes away the tears on his cheek. He looks at the bag then me. I looked away as we passed and sat down when we reached our 'table', which was not invaded by freshman today. Her light brown hair made a curtain around her hazel eyes. I smiled at this. The hair was gray and the man was small. I mentally groaned. There were some crashing of pans and strings of curses let out. Review please and tell me what you think! I don't know how often I'll update, but I do have quite a bit written, so it should be fairly constant. There's also a little bit of swearing, but nothing a la Training Day. ') but I assure you that the rest of it hops along in a pretty upbeat type mood. All I remember from that night is being carried in my father's arms, and tucked away in the safe room, alone, as my father tried to go back and get my mother. To this day, I still cannot go into a dark space without freezing up. All was destroyed in a matter of hours. I never told them, but sometimes, with my pale skin and grey eyes and blonde hair, I felt more like a ghost than an angel. She had many laugh lines, and a few stress lines, but it just made her seem all the more beautiful to me. Then we'd go in for supper. However, if I were feeling sick, or tired, or even just grumpy, she would make this soup that made me feel simply astounding, as if I could leap walls. I had fairly average grades and the worst things the teachers said about me on report cards and such was that I didn't participate much in class, and mostly kept to myself. A slight smile made his grey moustache twitch. I didn't excel at any particular subject, but I did find that I had a bit of a knack for computers. She was dressed in a navy business suit, and had her copper coloured hair pulled back into a French twist that was slowly returning to its natural curly state. She raised a copper eyebrow. Damn those Scandinavian ancestors of mine. Today it was a ponytail. They never made me feel the third wheel, and I was excited to have two real friends. Not only that, but the man was a super genius, and was currently working on his Masters of Mythology and Folklore. It was a late night computer retail and repair store, and after hiring a few people to help me run it, it gained a fair amount of respect. Why did everyone I love leave me? I replied. Heck, my brain stopped working, and I think my jaw was resting on my lap. I was looking forward, not back. I often ran my index finger over the walls, the tables, the doors, everything, knowing it was mine. The knot of tension and loss that had always seemed to be in my chest started to disintegrate, and I started to relish the happy memories of Nona and Pappy. For a wedding gift, I bought it for them, (although I did threaten to hold them up for rent if John kept teasing me about the water-works. She felt the bubble of rage inside of her grow, as she watched Laryssa's eyes twinkle with love at her new husband. They didn't bother trying to lower their voices. She just knew that she had to see it for herself, and she just had to torture herself. They looked absolutely perfect with one another, dancing in one another's arms to their first dance. All was dark and still. and today had been the hottest day of all. It seemed that barely had he disappeared, but he was back again with nothing but his backpack, guitar case and some sob story that he fed my dad to allow him to firmly ensconce himself once more into my family home. When for the past 17 years that had been the sole basis of our relationship? Weird. But I didn't. . As he walked past the front desk, the security guards stood up and greeted him. Donning his shades, he sauntered out into the bustling streets. Tristan didn't bother. Sammy's boyfriend and Tristan's neighbor and friend - of sorts. He stumbled forward and instinctively reached out to grab something to keep his balance. He jerked away. She jabbered loudly as she shook her head. Dressed in a bulky white T-shirt with sleeves that hung nearly down to her elbows and a pair of baggy beige shorts, she cocked her head lazily. Then she spun around on her heels, neatly whipping Tristan in the face with her ponytail, and sped off. She always loved buying small trinkets. He slid it open and lifted it to his ear. She gestured at it. She frowned. No. Rubbing his neck, he whirled around and came face to face with the same girl again. He turned around. He looked down. He let his hands slide away, but his voice was icy. Or you just roll right over them. He furrowed his brows and raised his eyes just in time to catch a red glimmer. Her eyes widened. Maybe. Her eyes darted back and forth between them and the idiot and she made up her mind. His eyes darkened and he picked up his pace again, this time with anger pumping the adrenaline through his veins. She was a good runner. She shook her head, but didn't stop. He stared. Gritting her teeth tightly, she dropped her head to her knees and it was then that she felt something fall out of her pocket. Then she blinked. I do hope you liked this intro though. That, and my sobbing over Chemistry and Physics also kinda delayed things. Thanks again! Thanks for keeping me on my toes! Distribution of any kind is prohibited without the written consent of Maeven. . . Well, I do, but not as much as he seems to hate me. I'll help you get your wallet back, okay? ". aha! It just died. . Oh, this next one should be fun. ! I would so do Alex in a second. Or a horny, gay teenager? . I'm confused". Go to a party. Not too confusing". God". . . In the morning, he was a walking bad mood waiting to lash out, clad in a sleeveless black undershirt and black boxers - very fitting for his tall, trim body and his dour personality. All Quinn did was snatch the loaf of bread sitting on the island counter and walk back to the toaster. Oliver &amp; Company. Elliot watched him from the corner of his eye, not bothering to strike a conversation as they had their breakfast. Sure, the occasional remark or snide comment was annoying – but Quinn didn't steal his things, didn't harm him, and he didn't hog the television. He also thought it was pretty weird that Quinn removed the crust after he toasted the bread, while any normal person would peel it before the bread was toasted. His green eyes were narrowed, as if wondering why he got stuck with such a strange person to live with. It was a skill he had learnt early on. Ancient tapestries and paintings adorned the stone walls and the room itself was large enough to comfortably seat at least fifty people instead of the mere thirteen that currently filled it. His short cut blonde hair did not contain any greys and there were no lines around his blue eyes. I should have killed them all for even allowing one of their number to make such a suggestion. Her long red hair fell in waves down her back and piercing grey eyes roamed over her sons features. He mentally sighed as a vision of a woman with long blond hair, vibrant blue eyes and an angelic face floated through his mind. His temper demonstrated in the opposite way of his son with his normally warm demeanour becoming cold and as frosty as ice. As she smiled her thoughts turned to her loving mother before the woman in question burst through her door. Cupping her cheek Natasha's pale skin contrasted against her daughter's caramel skin, but she did not see the differences between them, fear narrowing her attention until all she saw were problems and solutions. Her mind screamed though no sound emerged from her mouth. Her head hit an edge and she slumped to the ground. Removing her hands she was astounded to find the liquid was red. She shrieked within her mind, her body numb and unresponsive to her demands. The cry came again, stronger and he clutched his head in agony. The sobs stopped and he breathed deep in relief, as the scent of vanilla entered his nose his eyes snapped open and the connection was broken. He felt his muscles tense, urging him to change fully and enact revenge on her behalf. No one else did. (Why did you invite Kurt? Because, you see, Meghan Fairfield is my little town's resident matchmaker. He had the ability to destroy a god or human with just one arrow from his quiver—and I hear that he had excellent aim. Yeah, she and Luke were one of the results of Meghan's matchmaking, obviously one of her better pairings. And I bet the whole school is with me on this one—but after hearing that, I had breathed a sigh of relief. So sue me, somebody needs to learn from them. She may swoop down with no warning, and make your life chaotic in the process, but she's this wonderful person who thinks she's doing something great. Nobody wants Meghan's full attention on them. Which couldn't be right, there was no way that she would have said that…right? And even then, it was generally the fathers' doing the arranging, not teenage girls. Heck, how did she manage to break out in rhyme at the drop of a hat? Superficial horn-dog, that's what he was…. Who in the world would have guessed that the name she said next would be his? Then the idea of starting it off with Meghan came to mind, and well, this came out. . Sorry, please review—if you're actually reading this, that is. You would have had to have a negative IQ not to know that it was. Now I had glossy brown hair as opposed to light hair that looked as though I'd been in the sun too long. I wondered if the teacher would assign us seats; my first period teacher had, but my second period teacher hadn't. I didn't really read whodunits anymore, but I still loved to solve mysteries. I was not one to break eye contact first, no matter how intimidating my opponent was. No questions asked. No one quieted down, though—they all continued prattling on about their summer vacations. Yet at the same time, she seemed approachable and understanding. Directly across the room from me sat Ronald McDonald, who didn't even seem to be paying attention to what was going on. x. Instantly, I regretted not having been nicer to the new kids. Some random person would befriend the new kid, and then ditch all of her (the person was usually a girl) old friends and become best friends with the new kid. I think it was the circumstance of my being the new kid—and possibly those fascinatingly disquieting purple eyes—that injected a sudden boldness into my personality and caused me to walk over towards him. He didn't even look up as I slid into the seat across from him and dropped my backpack onto the ground. And why did he go by Thrasher? well, I'd probably have been dead twenty times over by now. x. I hated to sound stereotypical, but from my experience with people like him, they skipped class all the time and never did their school work. As always, though, I looked straight back at him until he turned his head away and slouched into his seat. Her eyes were a shocking blue—so shocking that I realized she must have been wearing colored contacts—and I vaguely wondered if the only fellow seniors whom I would talk to at this school would have colored contacts. Did he have some sort of reputation that I didn't know about? I could practically read this girl's mind just by interpreting her actions. It was too late. His figure was slight and gaunt, his head probably coming only up to my chin, and he wore a blue oxford with a hideous, mismatching purple tie, khaki slacks, and ugly brown loafers. He continued down the columns, resting his hand on a desk and calling out a name. The barbell on his eyebrow quivered. Eventually, he got to me. In that seat, if I merely twisted my body to the right and looked behind me, Thrasher's seat would be diagonal from mine. Because he sent baleful glares the direction of anyone who even dared to look at him? I do not own Coca Cola, or anything else in this chapter that you recognize. I've got several other chapters pre-written, so you can expect regular updates until I run out of those. . later about not being prejudiced. but it's quiet in there. It appreciates it. . it does". . take my pillow for example. . . it isn't like I tell anyone about it. Some distant male relative was. . . . . A modern Brady Bunch as it were. He was personally convinced that if they didn't arrive early, Karen and her kids would turn around and get on a plane back to Arizona. It was only early June, but thanks to the house's faulty air conditioning, her room felt like a sauna. It made her seem studious, but since when had Nicky ever studied for anything? The bully had outweighed Meg by at least fifty pounds, but she'd made his nose bleed. It was the best she could do, considering that she'd probably die of heat exhaustion the moment she stepped out of the house. She handed Adrian her car keys. Georgia was more an ally than a grandmother. The garage was stuffy, so they waited inside the cool airport for the others. Factor in a year and half of many, many out-of-state trips and phone calls and now they had a wedding. It was no use telling him that even if Karen's plane got here on time, it'd still take her a while to file out. It had a crossword puzzle, so she borrowed a pen from her father. It had made for some interesting parent-teacher conferences. They waited outside the checkpoints where all the passengers for the United airline would file through. She was lost somewhere, but then Adrian picked out her dark head. He had his arms full of long-stemmed red roses still misty with water drops. Adrian didn't know which was more disgusting: her father licking Karen's throat or Karen's pelvis rubbing against him. Their parents were still groping each other. In a public place, no less? Not that much older than Meg. When Meg hissed her name, she came to life. he informed them in a tone that indicated he was telling a great secret. He turned back to the sisters. Her eyes drifted over them, but then she frowned. Where was the last one? Isaac jerked his head at him. As Adrian's best friend would have put it, he was a sex slave to be ravished hourly. His lips remained closed, his eyes curiously hard. The irony was that she actually wasn't blonde. At least Meg wasn't punching him. She would have blushed, if she could have, but blushing didn't come easily. And they appeared absolutely happy about it. He'd heard her laugh, and judging by his amused stare, she knew he knew. Her family of five had swelled to nine. No one wanted to watch the parents make out again except Georgia. A lot of her girlfriends bemoaned the lack of nice guys, but they threw themselves at the next available swaggering bad boy or a jock. They had to wait a few minutes to get a table. She knew he'd been lonely after her mother's death, and it was only too right that he find another woman, but she wanted that glowing happiness for herself too. What was an eighteen year old girl supposed to do? Or maybe it just wasn't for everyone. The kid was a budding science teacher. She'd graduated from high school only last week, but time moved fast. There was a chorus of hellos and goodbyes between Adrian's and Jason's families. That kind of thing was too private. Alex was smiling that obscure smile, his lips tight, and she couldn't help but feel that their parents' false modesty amused him too. Of course, she wasn't that naive to think things would be this easy, but tonight, it was a good sign. In some ways, this story will be an experiment because I'll be trying out one or two new things with the romance aspect, so I hope it succeeds. A/N: THIS STORY HAS BEEN REMOVED DUE TO PLAGIARISM. I'm not usually a sulker but I figure it's okay to mope every once in a while, especially when it's over something so audaciously horrible as the news I had received earlier that night. He'd understand. My mom was going insane and taking me along for the ride and my 3 best friends didn't see anything wrong with it! Unfortunately it missed and his smile broadened. But he could be annoying as hell and right then I had the intense urge to smack the blond upside the back of his head. Really, I had been. It's the natural order of the universe. But when Mom and Alec stood up at the end of dinner, holding hands, and announced that they were engaged I lost it. Or it might have been the whole 'guess what: we're ruining your lives on a whim' thing our parents had just been talking about. First my mom, now them. Just tell me what you think. Burn my computer so I can never have access to it again? )www (dot) poisonousimpression (dot) blogs (dot) sapo (dot) ptCheck out Poisonous Impression for more information about the Writer, the Stories and the Characters. Directions to a place I didn't know. I was certain of one thing though: I was going to live with my aunt, in a house where she worked as a maid. The only person that had always been there, watching out for me, had died. It had been too late when they'd knocked on the door to try to rescue her from what had taken her away from me, from everyone else. Anyone who knew her loved her! It was hard to guess which beamed more, the extravagant Porsche or the lustrous charcoal-colored BMW. I handed him a bunch of notes. The trip had taken three hours total. I had my mother. At least that's what my mother told me once. if my mother hadn't died and I hadn't been left with any money, which was spent on the funeral she deserved. Then, I faced my aunt. I could see doors and corridors in each side of the staircase that would certainly lead me to other parts of the mansion that I'd get to know about tomorrow. He had very short black hair and a pale complexion. Her blond hair fell beautifully over her proud shoulders and back, framing her face and giving a beautiful contrast with her brown eyes. As for his hair, it shared the same color as his mother's, but a length similar to his father's. Had she forgotten it already? Nevertheless, I took a deep breath and turned around to meet the last one. They looked beautiful and dangerous, probably able to attract or attack anyone dumb enough to get close or cross the limit. At least Brad had smiled. In fact, his only answer was an almost noiseless grumble. Oh well, I always used to feel belittled near these kind of – rich – people. I may be their maid, and maybe they were the ones who would pay my salary, but they had no right to look at me that way, to look down on me because I didn't have the same social status they have, or ignore me as if I was nobody. The moment I opened my mouth to ask, my aunt already answered my unasked question. Especially when I need one to be alone and shed the tears I've been holding back since I'd gotten here. If I had to work here, I had to know where everything was, including the places I was forbidden to enter. I decided to return back inside my new bedroom, and take a better look around. How awesome was that? I'll take care of it when I have the time, I promised myself. She straightened her shoulders and turned serious again. I asked my aunt feebly. Even though it had been a long trip, three hours of driving, I wouldn't consider it so long that it would leave me tired. . Well, I'm sure a lot of authors must have written this one, but I wanted to try, and I know I can write my own twists and dramas that will hopefully differ from the original cliché. I'd be really thankful! I cleared my throat softly and turned to my brother, only to find him still hunched over in his car. I barely knew the guy anyway so I guess even if he weren't here I'd be basically in the same position, maybe just a little worse off. Luckily they did it all through break or else I could have been starting school halfway through junior. So important mind you that he had to leave his sister alone in a mass of strange and seemingly unfriendly people. Life sucked. I was thrown by how good looking this guy was … and of how no one could pull off eye liner like he was right now. I didn't realise how hot they could be. And apparently so could everyone else. Eww. Her dark eyes were firmly trained on Toby; it made me wonder if she even liked my cousin at all. And I was still getting dirty looks! he placed the phone on his chest. I had already offended Rhys more than once; I didn't want to start off on a bad note with everyone here. He also had an assortment of very interesting jewellery running up his forearms. I guess the idea of having a wide range of friends at this school made me eager to convince Isabelle or whoever was considered cool around here that I was able to fit right in. Taking in a deep breath I entered the office and approached the secretary. In return he jerked his head towards the door. He sounded so hot before! Thanks for reading. And it might take a lot for each of them to discover that being  isn't exactly what they want anymore. Here it goes. He always did. That's just what happens when you gave two good-looking, hormonal teenagers bedroom windows that faced each other. There was a moment of some emotion that I could never quite place as we stared at each other. What the hell was going on there. Brody and I—let's just say we didn't get on real well. Brody! I was all for feminism and everything, but I could not, for the life of me, pretend to be interested in those things. That was it. Once she pulled this off, I discovered that there was underwear hidden, well, underneath it. Then she turned toward the window and saw me. Then, inexplicably, she smiled and pulled on her jeans. I almost choked on my own spit right then, thinking about Felicia in the shower. She'd mouthed at me. She seemed to stifle a laugh as she tossed the blue hoodie to the floor. How could I enjoy looking at her that much? she asked, softly so our parents wouldn't hear. Epic failure, for sure. I never understood why people would do that. They cared about each other no matter what the problem was that made them break up time and time again. When dad stopped calling for me and my sister McKenzie while he knew mom was at work. He's really good at that sort of psychiatry thing. Reading made me forget about my life for a moment, and I was able to focus on the misery of someone else's for once. Nick was cool like that; he just got when you needed to be left alone. But I'm sure you'll hear all about that some other time. We were both just… there. Review, please? I protested, trying to sniff and failing horribly, my nose was so blocked. I think he was just worried about being out of a job. Luckily, it was nothing major, mostly just allergies and a tendency to catch every cold that came around, but sometimes it felt as though I was never going to breathe out of my nose (which is a real pain when you're a wolf. I could, however, change my appearance between wolf, vamp, and human, although I had a tendency to lose my concentration when I sneezed and revert back to hybrid. We drove around the back and parked, as she killed the lights. There was an audible 'thunk' even through the rain, followed by the angry shouts of several men. Spiky hair turned to us, and made a menacing gesture. I didn't fight the vamps (that was Jess' job), but I did stick around to make sure she didn't get into too much trouble. It was the third unlucky one who got the stake in the chest. Sure, a couple minutes here or there only results in a nasty sunburn that'll clear up in a couple of hours, but any longer than that isn't very healthy at all. Same as if you bleed them dry. She dug another stake out of her black tote and barely looking, staked blond spiky guy in the chest. I did the same for her friend. Anyone within fifty feet could see it, except for them, of course. He turned and sauntered back towards the car. Her face immediately adopted that so-innocent-it-was-guilty look, her eyes shining with laughter. Still, when her husband Ryan was working late at the precinct, we liked to take to the town. It was just way too embarrassing. Unless of course, they mentioned art or work or movies, when she would jump in with useless trivia and bore them to death. Someone up there hates me. I would say that I was working on it, but that would be lying. I can't explain why I'm standing in front of four guys, locked in a staring competition that could probably end in my demise, or at least a serious beat down. Okay, maybe I did throw it and maybe the small pebble was a rock the size of my fist. I consider myself a tough girl, I mean I can hold my own against one guy. You're screwed! I would rather be thrown in front of the bus by people who aren't laughing at me, thank you very much. Because if in their leisure they liked kicking ass (namely mine) then I didn't want any part of it. The tallest seemed less interested in the staring, rather just stared for staring's sake, the weedy one's glare was troll-like in my opinion. Obviously my aim left something to be desired. But I have to be alive in order to grow old! It would seem he was trying to kill me with his emerald glare, and I was trying my hardest to not back down. Or rather my brain is letting my mouth get away with itself. It was either that or Old Man Jenkins down the road decided that it was time to air out his apartment. I couldn't help but picture him with a white collared shirt, selling a broken TV at wholesale price. His jaw clenched visibly, and I gave an involuntary gulp. Talk about an ironic name. I tried to send her my thoughts, but obviously her pretty head couldn't comprehend the scowl I gave her, because she merely gave me a coy smile, the ends of her ruby red lips turning up deceptively. Flicking her own red hair back she gave her usual ensnaring giggle. I love the smell of textbooks and erasers, not to mention the feel of the desk's surfaces, etched with the petty graffiti of past students. He'd still not spoken to me directly after the initial growls. I sang a favourite song of mine that I made up about rocks. I hadn't gleaned this from my earlier observations. As I finished the Twinkie, I smiled up at him in thanks. Cautiously. Pete said smoothly. At that moment, I realized that my early childhood was gone, and that a whole phase of my life had passed away; that I was no longer little anymore: I really was a teenager. In a book, I could forget my problems. Even The Truth About Forever by Sarah Dessen, which was seriously one of the best books I'd ever read, became tiresome after the tenth time. I was just a seventeen-year-old loser who imbibed books, teen romances, specifically, like regular meals to make up for her own lame lack of activity in that department. As you can tell, I'd utterly fail at being a siren. But that's a different story. When I was twelve, I'd mainly been obsessed with the Judy Blume books, which, I know, was kind of sad for a twelve-year-old, but was nevertheless true. It was just that, like I said earlier, everyone was doing something. When I started to attract suspicious glares from the cashiers, I would drive home, lounge out on my back porch, and continue to read. As Mark Twain once quipped,  My hand reached out to grab Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte, a book I'd been dying to read but never had the chance to, when an interruption stopped me from doing so. Like most people, I automatically assumed they were boyfriend and girlfriend. Hanging out in a bookstore while my rather rude girlfriend gabbed incessantly into her cell phone did not sound like fun, even if I couldn't judge things from a guy's point of view. It was practically a law or something. People like that should be forbidden from entering bookstores—people who did not appreciate books like those in a bookstore did. Did she honestly have no respect for the readers around her? The cardboard had gotten crushed under my weight anyway. That sounded like a good idea. he pointed out. I glanced over at Drea, who, still on her cell phone, was watching me with a shocked expression. His face was somewhat skinny and rectangular, with high cheekbones, but really, it suited him. Because if you spotted a girl just lying their on the floor of the bookstore who wasn't experiencing physical pain, she probably had some mental issues. . In fact, he looked just as curious as Drea did, forcing me to come up with an answer on my own. And I happened to know that Emily Bronte wrote it. Maybe it was just me, but I didn't think a boyfriend would want to know when his girlfriend was cheating on him. I assumed they might even have the same hair color, except Drea's was clearly dyed platinum blonde, so I wouldn't know. But I guess that embarrassing myself took a toll on my observational skills just like it did on my lying skills. I started staggering around trying to keep my balance, when Wes suddenly grabbed me and held me in place. So he did and, without really thinking about it, I took a step away from him. It's just that I had a tendency to befriend short people, and I liked not being the tallest one for once. I furtively glanced around the store and, once coming to the conclusion that no one had seen me or saw me now, snatched my books off of the floor. I'd only listened to their conversation for about five minutes, and then talked to them for about two. Most everyone in a bookstore liked to read. Oh yeah, and I mean no harm to Orlando Bloom. If you're a new one, then welcome aboard, and thank you for reading :)! But he wouldn't let me. Let's look at the facts. Until she stole my near-perfect boyfriend out from under my nose. Jeffrey, however, had a different opinion. Perhaps he thought it would be tacky. I guess I was wrong. I just didn't understand why it was happening. Left my life. And now, like a true devoted friend, she was rather loudly ridiculing the public display of gag-inducing affection between Jeffrey and his harlot. He obediently followed her like a lemming following the herd off a cliff. As for me, he just hadn't made it much of a habit to speak to me. I knew this meant that whatever she had to say, I probably wasn't going to like it. And it wasn't like I had dressed like a runway model before the breakup with Jeffrey. But still, in comparison to girls like Trish and Amber-Lynne Rose, I was somewhat unremarkable. But I didn't want to admit it, because being vindictive wasn't part of my nature. Or both. She grinned, her eyes twinkling with mischief. ! Basically, I'm a model child and a model student. It's all the damn skateboards fault. Mom wasn't hearing it. So did mom. Nothing can make her stop swearing. Ever since then, I've kinda stopped trusting my mom and my sister where looking after me is concerned. This was not gonna end soon. Apparently some of them were, because Mimi came back home practically glowing. But lets face it, girls with moles are a dime a dozen. Loser. I picked up the board and scurried down the hallway, cussing the hall monitor in my head. Oh, well, too late now. I handed the secretary the paper in my hand and she gave it a cursory glance and stood up. Then his eyes fell on the skateboard and he grinned. And it was about to get worse. That didn't help. The only time I ever got called to the Principals office was when he wanted to congratulate me on my grades. He was still grinning and that pissed me off even more because he looked pretty cute when he smiled. Mimi would have said he was trying to look up my skirt, but his attention was solely on the board. He got to his feet and walked towards me, narrowing his eyes. Annoying or not, this guy was sexy. ! We know it's inevitable, yet we never expect it to get a hold of us. But the bad ones. My cheek pressed into the cold cement, oddly comforting as the heat from my side seeped through my fingers, wet and warm. Stars sparkled above me, beautiful, despite their small size. I let out a small sigh, wishing it would give up. It was making everything worse, and tears began to leak out the corners of my eyes. They were beautiful. Not only does he have to push past his parents' expectation,s but he has to deal with the unwavering attention of a Mafia underboss. I remembered all those Christmases and holidays when Nick had to stay after-hours for his boss and all those late nights when he would come home looking like shit. Our brotherly-bond had weakened and stretched thin the day Nick came home, sharing the news that he worked for Lucian Romano. Doubtless, I gazed up at him in nonchalance, feigning that I wasn't affected by his looming figure. I responded dully. Standing at 5'6", I was exactly two inches shorter than my own mother! Apparently my grandmother's genes took a backseat to the Italian genes until me, her grandson, was conceived. I had been offered a full scholarship to the University of California Los Angeles for my high grade point average and my speed on the track team. He didn't have a brother that had an incredibly decent job; he only had a father who sold propane. I had to remember to salvage them before they went out to the bin. I had to savor this as much as possible. It wasn't like I had anything insightful to add to the conversation tonight. I wasn't told much about Nick's job, only that it paid decent and involved accounting and law. He looked me up and down and my lips slanted in unease at the piercing stare. The eyes that leered at me were a dark brown, possibly a black. Obviously I hadn't met Lucian Romano when I came to that conclusion. My father followed her, leaving Romano and my brother in the large entrance way. He once told me that he'd never grow anything on his face. I stumbled slightly and glared at my shoes. And that creepy chuckle really wasn't doing him any favors. I grew perplexed as Lucian trailed directly behind me. finally. Somehow, even the aroma of spicy pasta didn't tempt me enough to want to enjoy my current situation. All I wanted to do was go up into my room, listen to music and draw. Actually, for being so arrogant, Romano wasn't saying much at all. I hated being controlled. My parents didn't know my plans to attend Los Angeles and pursue an art degree. His piercing eyes saw right through me and I knew I was being scrutinized. I repressed a blush at the intensity. No one had ever cut my mother off. That was a lie, but he didn't need to know that. I didn't like his explanation and it set off warning bells in my head. I hinted. As the man inhaled, the red-hot ashes cast a deep glow across his features. Nick didn't know if it was his boss or an enforcer who made the sound. He preferred men over women and he made sure people knew as much. It was unnerving that he had taken an interest in Afton, as his brother was the complete opposite of Lucian's preferred type. Without a doubt, Afton's life would be in danger and he wouldn't be able to protect himself. Cold and smart about underhanded tricks. he replied reluctantly. We preferred getting fat off pizza and watching movie re-runs on his flatscreen TV. He fluttered his lashes at me, succeeding in looking like a dumbass. Many of the onlookers were against the fence, getting as close as they could to the events and the finish line. I didn't mind the pressure, simply because I loved running and wanted to push myself just as much as he wanted to push me. I always preferred starting further back than the rest of the runners, as it gave me extra drive to push myself faster. But there he was, dressed in finery and arrogance and looking out of place at a track meet. On the infield, I heard Tony burst out in laughter at my ungraceful start, not helping the situation in the least. Pushing forward, I knew I had to run as hard as I could for at least 300 meters and then sprint the remaining 100. The wind tugged at my body and I was pulled along with it, rivaling it in speed. And as soon as my spikes slapped the 100 mark, I increased my speed and shot ahead of the runners. He patted me on the back again, a pleased smile on his face. Nick caught my eyes, waving me over and I found myself unable to pretend I hadn't seen him. And when he said he would come, it always implied they would go to dinner later and pig out on fries and burgers. He then changed the subject, something he did remarkably well. Like hell I'd lick his shoes like the rest of my family seemed to. Turning back to Nick, I looked at him expectantly. Apparently he checked out of this conversation long ago. The man's sharp eyes studied me intensely, no longer looking amused. I said dryly. I decided to let the situation unfold itself. Romano began coolly. At least Nick would be there to put a buffer between Romano and myself. Or so he thinks. Will the temptation be too much, or will Tristan choose the one girl who really saw him? This is why I have decided to remove His Eyes from fictionpress; I'm now in active pursuit of a literary agent and this draft must be taken down, in order for me to retain my full copyrights. Was he quiet? We, people I hung out with and I, made a habit of doing rapid-fire judgments of girls as they passed: do or not do. I honestly couldn't remember; it had been so long since everyone started referring to him as Laser. A thick layer of pale pink lip gloss made her thin lips look oddly shiny, and her hair was over-dyed and dry, which just added to the overall fake look. Ten or so feet behind this group was a slender girl reading and walking. It was pulled into two messy buns at the back of her head, a shorter bit falling over her left eye. At a glance, I could tell she wasn't wearing any make-up as well, which was an interesting change. What really got me, though, were her shoes. I made a somewhat unexpected decision, then. What? Now, I wasn't Casanova, but I wasn't in the same boat as Piper Nolan. It was likely that he was still hung over from our weekend. I was comfortable, though, with the fact that nobody could hear us from that distance at our volume. Oho, a challenge, I thought mischievously. At my other school, my mom said she'd cut my privileges if I didn't start living up to my potential, as they put it. Anyways, the only teacher I have ever liked, even a little, sent this new school a few of my essays and other  assignments from other classes that came after my mother's threat. I was ready to throw myself into the awkward plastic chair when he stopped me. Then I heard the next name as he gestured to the seat in front of my new one. I grinned wolfishly at her, testing the waters. Her eyes were a somewhat dull grayish blue, but she had redeeming eyelashes, which were long and fan-shaped. Not that anyone would ever drag that out of me. She hopped up; looking excited, she walked to the front of the room, followed by the jock, who was swaggering up there  I felt a little disturbed. It was obvious who would win, so I let my mind wander some more. Wonderful, I could see that I was really getting her to fall for me. Not that she wasn't one; I had just never had much cause to look twice at her. It was good that she had self-confidence, even if she did seem to be pretty solitary. She bit her nails, crossed her ankles politely when sitting in a chair, had obviously never broken any law, and had a wide, bright smile that I thought everyone lost after hitting puberty. Maybe she wasn't as kind-hearted to my type. As soon as her friends left for their next classes, Piper got up and moved over to an empty by the table. Who actually does homework during study hall? I replied, knowing how I sounded and not caring. I said carefully, pulling my feet off the table and ripping a corner off her homework on accident. she said, sounding incredibly calm for all the emotions I saw in her eyes. she said, voice still calm as a slight smirk curved her lips. Badly. I said, blowing a stream of smoke at the ceiling. It didn't work. Friends are just a liability. I don't think. Ironic. He smiled benignly at us. Smoothing it on the top of her desk, she held the tip of a black pen poised on the top line. He told us to get together in our groups and choose a poet to begin. Piper was only about five inches shorter than me, and she wasn't moving. This was wise, since I was fully planning on carrying out my end. She didn't look like she was walking all that fast, but she had moved past a pretty decent number of people by the time I was in the hall. Embodiments of warmth. Either way, I knew his motives the entire time. So why was my mind so empty? If you call it a crime, that is. When she said yes, I snatched the bathroom pass and almost sprinted out the door. Originally, I had no idea why a picture of fire immediately sprang into my mind. Instead, I curiously watched the flames as they grew, eventually licking the sides of the trashcan. They widened in fear, and they drifted to my face. Before I had a chance to imitate any other dying animals, a teacher scurried in. she demanded. Her dark blonde hair was pulled half-back, and she wore long, dangly earrings that nearly touched the desk when she leaned over. What sane person picked up a match? And, let me tell you, Crescent Hill did not want to get on the bad side of my parents. I would have to suffer for my foul luck and nonexistant common sense. No one had told me about an essay. Explain your answers in a thoughtful essay numbering at least five hundred words. When they all noticed that the noise was simply me sighing, they returned to their lives. But a distraction entered the room in the form of a person. I squinted to get a look at his eyes, but he was too far away. Especially this early in the morning. But it still wasn't my fault. He snatched a pen from the pile on Mr. Cleveland's desk and took the seat two rows over from mine. Hopefully, though, the next inspiration I had would be better than the first. I opened it up. Drawing upon every muscle in my body, I chucked the paper at McFadden as hard as I could. He was too busy laughing at me to go to sleep. I chose to answer the taunting wad. He silently laughed at my reply, and then wrote his own before tossing it back. I have to write my essay. I didn't care like I normally would. It should be required statewide and nationwide because it's good. I tried to read through it, but whenever I did I was disgusted by the horrendous quality, so I was forced to stop. He, too, was asleep. The next instant, I was gone. Would they mind stopping? You could easily get lost in those eyes. McFadden didn't seem to notice though. Green haired girl was gone, and black-clad kid was lumbering towards the door. Detention ended four minutes ago. I spent a precious fifty minutes of my time writing the crappiest essay of my life. As soon as I reached him, we began walking towards the school exit. I just didn't have common sense. And I already hated him. But I couldn't decide whether I wanted to look innocent because I was, or if wanted to look somewhere between innocent and badass because those people get picked on less. Actually, that was quite scary. McFadden, much to my surprise, sat right next to me. I decided to ask a question that any normal person would have asked at the beginning of their conversation with a stranger. Who cared how strong it was? What the heck is that supposed to mean? Ever. That would make sense. They were sexy, but I didn't want those thoughts running through my head. I had never even seen him before. However, having McFadden here annoying me was not considered a normal circumstance. My mom, on her cell phone, watched impatiently as I leaped off the bench. ;) Review and tell me what you think! So someone explain to me how we wound up laying in bed together with me falling for him more and more by the second. Which I didn't know about until a couple of hours ago. I just hadn't figured out how yet. Of his personal life, not much was known, especially since he was always in his brother's shadow. Wasn't I technically a hostage? Too bad I didn't have any more comfortable clothing. I rolled my eyes when I realized that. I should have never come…I felt bad that Tucker wasn't going to get what he expected, which was most likely a trivial and fleeting, but likely effective what it lasted, release from whatever troubles he was bound by. Catching the question on my face, he shrugged his shoulders. Right now I wanted more than anything to just be home. His blue eyes were the same color as his brother's, but had more depth to them, and displayed his emotions clearly. I don't know if he remembers that now, if he even knows that that was me. More than anything—besides wanting to be at home—I wanted to get into comfortable clothes. Lighter and darker lines of various shapes and sizes dotted his exposed skin, and I was sure that his back was similar. It smelled like him too. That being done, I did what I had told Tucker I was in here to do, and brushed my teeth as best as I could as well. Plus the shirt didn't completely cover my figure, especially with I had my arms crossed in front of my chest as they were. I realized that that was the first time I had smiled all night since I had gotten into this room. Besides, there were two sides of the bed. I told him, heading over to the bed and scooting into one side. I felt his fingers push it gently away and tuck it behind my ear. he whispered. It was thin and there were three parallel marks. I pointed at it. Tucker's eyes were focused on me intently, and I barely noticed when he reached up and pushed hair out of my face again. I heard his breath hitch with the light contact of my finger grazing against his skin. The gesture felt strangely pleasant. I felt him squeeze my hand. I could feel unshed tears welling in my eyes. I closed my eyes. he teased. Goosebumps rose on his skin from where my lips rested. My eyes flitted to his with a mild alarm, and it was then that I saw the emotion behind his eyes that I hadn't expected to see. Instead, he leaned his head back on the pillow, gazing up at me. His eyes locked on mine, shocked and startled. He placed light kisses down my jawline and down my neck before he nuzzled his head into the crevice of between my shoulder and neck. One of my legs and somehow hooked itself around his in the middle of the night. he began, and I gazed up at him patiently, waiting for him to continue. Never mind that it had turned out for the better, she still needed to know that she was in trouble. He had just left. I clutched the shirt that was my excuse in my hand as I gritted my teeth and forced myself to stay where I was. I longed to see the happy smirk that belong to Tucker. he said, his eyebrows furrowed as he looked at the shirt once more, then back up to my face, his head tilted to the side. I cried, stomping my foot on the ground in vexation. I heard that noise again, that one he did when he was surprised and had his breath catch in his throat. he groaned, pressing his lips against mine again. I said, looking at him pointedly. I handed it to him with a sheepish smile of my own. He stopped me in front of it and stood behind me, his hands around my waist, his chin on my shoulders. Please feel free to leave some constructive criticism, I always need room to grow! I can't believe it was as long as it became. by Penelope P.Part One1. But honestly, an hour? Well, that's what you get when you leave it on all night long. There was only one person on this planet who has that evil look. His parents sure knew what they were doing when they named him. Seriously I'm not joking, they signed legal documents and everything. Of course my mother thought he was just trying to get my attention as most boys do. I can hardly wait. If anything I was malnourished. I was not going to be the instigator. The silence was completely awkward, for some reason. So now as we sat in silence, it felt weird. Mr. Mercer went apeshit, and moved out leaving poor Cole alone with his crazed lesbian feminist mother. He's evil. It was a typical cliché mansion, but don't forget about the tennis court and swimming pool. He drove up the pathway towards the mansion where two women were waving by the large entrance. This of course pissed him off even more. She called. Now that I think of it, she looked a lot like Cher. Why they can't use the same language is a mystery to me. The walls were a light cream color, which matched some of the tiles in the marble floor. Because if I heard her correctly and I'm reading between the lines, she just gave me permission to have sex with her son. He barked at his mother. What exactly was she talking about? Then without another word he turned and left. Her left eye winked and I cringed. My stuff was dumped outside of the guest bedroom. It was not cool. Really tall. I gave him a fake smile. You catch my drift. And sitting on the pillow was a… are you ready… a box of condoms. I gagged. I jumped up to see what the problem was, and oh boy was it a problem. It's like she wanted us to burn down the house. I could feel the humiliation coming on. PLEASEPLEASEPLEASE DO BOTH. ! Thanks so much for the support so far. Haha. I longed to find that missing part—that part that was vanished entirely from my view. These four people made up my life. This was Tommy Wakechuck, the best friend of the boy I hated more than anyone in the whole school. They were people I spoke to and gossiped with, but they were only to help the day pass. Our eyes locked and his smirk twitched upwards. I was an easy person to read; Amanda always told me that. He had to intimidate me some more. His eagerness seemed to fade and he suddenly didn't look so happy. Normally, I never said anything and simply took Matt's teasing, but today I was not in the mood. I felt my cheeks heat up in both embarrassment and anger. I heard a ring crack. He opened it, and I already knew what he was going to do. Once he did so, he started shaking my binder until the pages began falling out, all over the floor. The spectators knew how Matt could be; he was determined to prove to me that he was higher than I was. I ignored her. I didn't return the feelings, because I didn't feel as if I knew them well enough to call them friends. I clenched my fists and wrinkled my nose, trying to fight off the tears that tried to invade. I buried my face in my hands and sniffled, ignoring how the sun burned at my back. Amanda. I wasn't under average, perhaps slightly above, but then again, that all depended on the person judging me. It was a little past my shoulders and was never up, although it did have a slight natural curl to it that heightened my appearance somewhat. I stood up, sniffling and wiping at my eyes, and frowned when I saw that the houses around me were now western-style buildings; like in the olden days. The house wasn't exactly mind blowing or creative, but it was a house. She looked over her shoulder at me when she heard me walk in and raised an eyebrow. It was completely empty, though, of course, since my old papers had been ripped and torn at by the King of Jerks. Around the corner was the parking lot; the parking lot which I should have been using, but sadly, I did not have a car at sixteen. Swearing, to me, was just pointless. Before I could open it, however, I gasped when I felt a sharp pinching feeling erupt in my arm. My attention was drawn to the short white skirt she was wearing. She had to be the most blind person I knew. Besides, he was too focused on making others miserable; he had no time to make someone—like Amanda—happy. she asked me. Sometimes, I was grateful for her happy attitude because it lifted my spirits. I headed off to my first class, not looking forward to going to this café. how interesting could a café be? Let me know what you all think! Yea, I like that. She just knows. Because he won the Nobel peace prize? There was more to the movie, but that's the only bit people can seem to remember. He's in my science class, believe me, I know. Not just because I loathe seeing Hal but also because my lab partner is Chad. He's really smart, and I'm really not. More likely. We've been friends ever since. Sort of. Right? No. Whatever-her-name is clears her throat. In stark contrast with Hal. She's utterly convinced that her knight will come and rescue her from impending doom. Now we live in adjacent to their big house, and my mom oversees pretty much everything that happens. Also known as Satan. He also likes to take girls back to his suite and well… they make a mess there too. And I love that. That's another reason why I love her. She likes to be knowledgeable. Her dad is famous for his book about the inner workings of an American socialite. She'll be a part of the junior league and eat cakes and drink tea and wear funny hats. She's used to the tight lifestyle, and she'll always live it. It's another place where the fates did me good. I think it's the closest thing to Heaven I can experience on earth. I'm sitting with Chad, his little science club buddies huddled around him. This isn't saying much, seeing as how I am wearing one blue and one black sock. Sometimes, I imagine going home and studying hard, then coming in the next day and making Chad feel like an idiot. I look away and see James shoot me an encouraging smile. I become his girlfriend and Sci-Lab is cancelled until further notice. That ass. Always blame school. Where were we"? ' You've been warned. At night, I retired to my bedroom where I would stay up late watching British television shows and listen to the wind. Glancing at my curtains blowing swiftly in the breeze, I finally stretched out on my mattress. For the past month, my dad had practically begged me to install my air conditioner so that I could sleep comfortably in the cold. Hugh had just finished a Broadway size song and dance about Columbus and begun to eat the tablecloth, when I felt a warm presence settle in behind me and a pair of warm lips land on my neck. Glancing behind me to see that my bedroom door was firmly shut, he finally looked at me and returned my smile. Not the literal, very dirty sense. The daughter who volunteered and worked with children. Great. When all I wanted to do was shut my eyes and get a few more hours of rest before I had to get up and go meet my boss for a few preliminary meetings for my summer job. Groaning at the change in brightness, I barely had enough time to register that the noise I'd heard was a ladder connecting to the house and that there was obviously some type of home repair going on, before my brother Rich tumbled over my window ledge and into my room, followed only seconds later by his best friend, Seth. If they were awake, then the rest of the world needed to be too. Annoyed that they were taking away my precious sleep time, I finally registered that my brother looked absolutely horrified. I yelled again, putting out one hand, hoping he'd get the hint and hand me a blanket, while trying to cover up my body with the other rather terribly. Once the sheet was securely fastened around me, I pointed swiftly at my bedroom door. Just as he got ready to leave, his lips lifted into a smirk as he winked at me. Whenever I was home, I'd hang out at his apartment and this meant that I saw massive amounts of both him and his best friend. So when the two of them formed a bond at school, our parents were thrilled by the friendship that they hadn't pushed upon Rich and Seth. On the surface, I loathed the attention, but deep down knew that I craved it. I chalked it up to hormones on my end and good genes on his and did my best to ignore it. In fact, every time I questioned her, she would turn a little red and tell me that I could find out when I was older. I noticed that my mom's car was missing from the driveway and my dad was at work. Rich worked the night shift as a guard at the local prison and Seth was a seventh grade teacher on summer vacation, so the two had their weekdays wide open. Green eyes focused on perfecting the painting job, his strong arm moved the brush in slow, even strokes. So I didn't have to worry about him bringing it up. I said after a few moments. But, of course, Seth had to quickly clarify what he meant. And now that he seemed to be sending me some serious signals? For years I'd been fighting off this attraction and here he was, acting like an entirely different person. It hadn't even been painted. I was trapped. Breathe. Seth quickly reached for me, grabbing my sides and holding me up. The boy who put frogs down my shirt and spiders in my bed. And why the hell could I not do or say a single thing? Tossing one to Seth, he looked at me strangely. Rich simply nodded and as I willed my feet to move, my head was swimming. The first chapter will remain for timestamp purposes. Apparently sixth graders still had the same terrible ability as elementary schoolers to come up with names. She just hoped she wouldn't always look like that. . Softball was hersport and she was here to own it, just like she had been ever since she started playing the sport in first grade. Most people walked away with more cuts and bruises than they would in a normal, non-recess, game. There was no denying she was a tomboy through and through. Instinctively, she jumped back, the large neon yellow/green ball narrowly missing her ribs. Michael cocked an eyebrow slightly before he released the ball, letting it travel in its almost perfect path. She wasn't even sure if she knew how. The pitch had come in way over her head. No one would have been surprised if a fly or two had flown in there. It just wasn't heard of. She was leaning more towards the tears. But leave it up to Sebastian to find out the latest gossip in the neighborhood. Her fury filled eyes were locked on Sebastian and Sebastian only. The consequences from doing so were never that fun. Without even rising to her feet, she closed her eyes, lifted the bat and swung with all her might. Never before in her life had she seen the Sebastian Phillips cry, so she took the opportunity to savor it as much as she could. He grabbed Talia by the arm and pulled her to her feet, looking quite angered by what she had done. Hawthorne was now dragging her though the door into the school, but before the door closed behind her she once again murmured something that no one else but herself could hear. There is no about. Go back. Bad intentions. Cold. My physics isn't all that hot. It didn't pan out. Yes? It's a turn of phrase, isn't it? I mean, you know – we're outside. I look at my watch. ! Her dark eyes were the size of lotuses, her long black eyebrows delicate arcs of astonishment. I crossed my arms over the yellow and orange sari I wore and slunk down in my seat. Being covered head to toe in six yards of blue fabric really brought out the tart in us all, apparently. Sure she made like she had severe rheumatoid arthritis and gimped around with a splintered scrap of wood that looked like a Cro-Magnon had used it to a kill a wooly mammoth. Hard to say who was winning; it was like a double-whammy hitting you in the heart when you first caught sight of her. Her head began to move in faster ellipses, her groans growing in volume. I just hoped it wasn't matter of the fecal variety. This she pronounced 'Luck-un'. Can't say I expected that. Or Kha-NA-da as she called it. When motivated, she sure could belch out an inspired yodel, complete with frenzied headbanging and all. Was my soon-to-be sweetheart a nerdy dude? What less could I ask for? Navleen's name is pronounced 'Nuhv-leen'. Despite Australia being in the midst of a decade long drought, we were lucky to not be a part of it. It was trotting out well, confidently, and only pricked her ears as I drew closer. But dad didn't normally ask me to do something like this by myself. She was no young thing at eighteen years old, but she wasn't all that old either. Same height, same face, same markings… you get the point. Plus, I hadn't ridden her in a while and she was getting fat from doing nothing but eating the lush grass all day. I was just happy I had the two dogs with me to help. I let myself roll back on my heels until I was sitting on my bottom on the river rocks, and enjoyed the relief the shade of the trees brought. I sprung upright, ignoring the water filling my boots as I held my hands up in front of me. Did he spend two hours a day ironing one set of clothes to perfection? I couldn't have just forgotten his face because… seriously, how could you miss someone that perfect? But he seemed so indifferent to everything around him, like there was a great mask barring his inner emotions. And why wasn't he leaving? He still hadn't spoken a word. Nothing stays that clean on a farm out here. I was a pretty angry child, but at almost twenty-one, I was much more level headed. I shifted my gaze to his hand, and stumbled back a step, almost ending up in the river once again. I gawked at it. What had I always wanted to see or do? I added. Thanks! Very pretty but hard to describe. and Leninus has become more advanced and discovered new enemies. She'd stayed up late baking the damn things, too, so people had better be appreciative of her treat-making awesomeness. If she had, she would've been prepared for the fact she was about to give brownies to one of the most beauteous and popular guys in the school, which couldn't fail to impress her just the tiniest bit. The knowledge did not displease her. Life was sad. he said. he said. she said. She scowled after him. Franz sat down, feeling her stomach squirm uncomfortably, and wondered if she should just leave and avoid the embarrassment of being shunned by the popular people. Gabe was kind of weird. he said. He swallowed. He looked kind of funny smiling that hard, nothing like his usual model-face, but Franz wanted to attack his face with her mouth so hard at that very instant she almost blacked out. Seriously… just ignore me! Her black hair may be longer, but the depth of her anger and the shortness of her temper still ran strong. But since she was a professional, she wasn't to let on that sometimes, the situations this girl got herself into, were rather amusing indeed. These 'visits' essentially became her anger management… her priceless therapy… a waste of time if you asked her. No big. So, to be on the safe side, she threw in a quick,  to soften the blow. She had obviously given up all hope for happiness. It was always the same old routine: Pointless questions, grunt of dismay, reason for discussion, fake agreement, issue ultimatum, conveniently forget, stir and repeat. But, time was of the essence, she'd better keep her thoughts to herself otherwise she'd never get out of here. It was her civic duty to point out the error of their ways. She clenched her fists and kept herself from kicking the desk and glared at the self-satisfied counsellor. She finished sarcastically. Or the third for that matter. When a sixteen-year-old cheerleader had introduced him to the world of sex on his thirteenth birthday, he began his long and pleasurable journey on the road of female conquests. Who knew the old man's dentist appointment would finish that early? Not if he chose to partake in the set being served. And he might have impressed himself if he were to ignore his cousin's encouraging grin, but when Purple-Skirt slipped her hand up his thigh and hit the money-spot, all thoughts of decency and good deeds flew right out the window. It was always satisfying to crack their virtuous intents - to watch as they protested indignant purity and love one second, only to shove him in a dark corner and unzip his jeans in the next. He wasn't the one to turn to for consolation. Not to mention his family had enough money to float a small country. There was no escape. And if he accidentally stole a motorbike, drunkenly thinking it was his then there would be a newer, bigger motorbike waiting in the actual owner's driveway. And those knee-high socks just got him, every damn time. Yeah right, like they ever stood a chance anyway. His house was where the best parties were held, where scandals began and lives were either made or destroyed. Not only would Nate not shut the hell up about his cousin 'Caine-The-Conqueror', but he also had the good sense to check him out online, to see what the boy's story was. And whatever he had trouble possessing, he manipulated, schemed and bribed until he won. They looked like the small, plastic couple that sits on top of a wedding cake. So long as she came back to him, clean and unfertilised when he clicked his fingers, it was all just dandy. And she was always at his beck and call. More so made him rather… wary. Never mind that Caine didn't pay attention to any of them, even as Amber made feeble attempts at giving him a hand job under the table. Make sure that the new kid knew that the place at the top was taken and what the consequences were should he decide to overthrow the throne. It'll be great"! OUCH"! . Will I see you again"? So read at your own risk. They were best friends growing up but five years can really change a person. He was very used to getting his way. Deacon must've noticed because he let out a gruff chuckle. And Boyd didn't complain because she got to drive his Porsche. It took a lot of convincing on Deacon's part to talk her out of bed and to accompany him to the party. The dark circles under her eyes would attest to that. She knew something was up. They'd done this many times, in and out; Climbing up, or down, the trellis on the side of the house. She didn't have to worry about waking her mother up because she was working the late night shift at the hospital. Everywhere in this town was ten minutes away from everywhere else. Deacon was waiting for her in his car. And now was not that moment, so she stayed quiet until he pulled into Inspiration Peak. Hanging out with her had caused Deacon to develop an appreciation for the view too. She wasn't even sure that her ears were functioning properly. Not when he'd dropped this ball. If Deacon was happy, then she would be too. There were many beautiful things in this world, and this was one of them. She raised a hand and traced a finger along his sculpted cheekbone; her brown eyes meeting his green. His hands came up to cup her face and hers buried themselves in his feathery light, brown hair. She could feel his breath on her face and their noses were touching. It's been a long time coming, yes? We'll see how the work load goes. WHOOOP, whoooopp! ALSO, there is a link to character pictures to all of my stories there too. And with those as my final parting words, I'm off to remedy all those glaring mistakes. ♥♥♥Does This Make You Uncomfortable? She'd just been surprised when what she had thought was part of the table started to play with her feet. Although he noticed that it felt somewhat different, he didn't know why. But then she relaxed and they walked the rest of the way to their lockers like that. His arm suddenly felt like it was on fire. To her, the cafeteria suddenly seemed to be the same summer temperature that it was outside. Not at all. She fit. Quickly, he detached himself for fear his hormones would get the better of him. Her hair spilled over her shoulders, he noticed, and formed a curtain around her face so only he could see it. He looked back at the screen and leaned back in his seat, easing his arm around her shoulders. As long as I do my job. This is happening to me now. Why did it always have to be a decision between two very difficult and life-altering choices? He sauntered ahead of us and disappeared from view when he went through the door. The smile froze on my face. He hung out at Malcolm's apartment so much, he already had a key. I forced my mouth to crack into a smile. Whenever he smiled, he could charm any girl off her panties. A prime catch indeed. I hoped that on his end, it was an entire polar ice cap. Malcolm introduced us three years ago when we were still freshmen. It was truly a miracle we hadn't clobbered each other to pieces yet. In other words, she didn't share my opinion of the asshole. I suddenly spotted something that was definitely out of place in the usual clutter. This must have been a product of that café job he's had for two years running. Why don't you just leave them alone? He shrugged and turned away, leaving me to my troubled mind. stuck. They didn't exactly say it in those terms but I had a feeling it was true. yeah, slapstick. I've never been the object of his curiosity and he was too self-centered to notice anything else. . Better have her thinking I was trying to get away from Brent instead of the raw truth. Some life. They were both successful lawyers and reaped the benefits on frequent renovations of our house, vacations in Europe and giving in to my every whim. Or at the very least, get insanely drunk when the pressures of school got under the skin. I just didn't want to rely on Ma and Pop my whole life. After screaming at him, he finally admitted that he didn't like the idea of us being so far away from each other. But that's something I preferred not to think about. You never know who your real friends are when you're popular. Others thought I was simply a bitch who needed a good roll in the hay. Just when I felt some positive response from him, I introduced him to Lori Lozada. It didn't occur to me that I should have worried more about Malcolm's reaction at the sight of her. Her eyes were her most attractive feature; wide and caramel brown, fringed with long curly lashes. But I licked my wounds in private. Karmic retribution could be such a bitch. . A little. But I couldn't say I wasn't thankful though because the stillness often brought me a few minutes of peace. I was having fun watching the smoke curl in the air when I felt someone stop beside me. Another reason why vacations sucked. But the acid rush coursing through my veins was begging to differ. I could only hope that he wasn't going to be here long enough to light a second stick. If what? No matter how hard he dug for whatever sad emotion he thought I may have been feeling, I wasn't stupid enough to let him see it. how did Brent know we dated? Brent would've heard about it eventually, even though he had a different major. He just smiled at me lazily. But I dismissed it when I remembered that I was talking to an unfeeling ingrate. It's not like I wasn't telling the truth. His mouth was set on a thin grim line. He held me even more tightly. I resisted and pummeled his chest but he enveloped my hands with his easily and brought them around his neck. My hands grabbed fistfuls of his. . Did he really think he could get away with pulling a stunt like that without an explanation? He just screams bipolar, doesn't he? Besides, the guy didn't have time to wage war against me beyond his pants-dropping schedule. I was thrown that he was actually human enough to have real feelings for a girl. I'll make him do it. . It's a pity that the world didn't stop turning for broken hearts. That mouth should be deemed illegal in five states. Rhett Butler is one of the main characters in the movie/book, . My apologies to those who actually live in Norwalk, Connecticut. Oh, and if I mention Bob Marley too often than it is the calender's fault. . Strands twisting into each other, moulding together and breaking apart, a whirlwind of desire to escape. My breath catches slightly every time his nails run over the sensitive part of my inner wrist, where white streaks as thin as the smoke mar my skin. I have no excuse for when he is sober, but it is not often anyone asks for one. But right now, with Friday sprawled across my body and undoubtedly happy, I could not care less. He tells me, fingertips tracing the lines on the palm of my hand. I cannot remember, the only person I can distinctly see right now is Harriet. I spend almost as much time at his as I spend at my own. I even showed my report card to them before my own parents. We hug too much and are together too often and I care for him a lot more than I do my own brother. Italian, American, Jamaican, Friday. Not that there is anything to suspect. . Elliot, or 'Smelliot' as I'd very maturely taken to calling him, avoided his parents just as much, if not more, than me so I wasn't bothered about him tattling on me. It didn't surprise me, they were over most of the time as Elliot had all the latest and greatest in mindless toys for boys, but I always hoped I'd score a reprieve from that lot. Unluckily, it was because, at that moment, a whole bunch of Elliot's mates trundled into the room. Still, it took every last bit of my self-control to just stand there as my shoes flew from hand to hand, arching over my head and around me as they sought for a reaction. And then he'd stop ogling at her pile of bras and underwear with half lidded eyes and open them completely to give her a cocky smile, and ask if she was hungry and wanted to go to the diner next door to get some food. After going for groceries with him several times, she knew by his lack of actually buying real food and his explicit timing- the second she'd open her fridge to see there was nothing in it but that lonely box of baking soda- that the trips were all just for her. She would sit, amazed at his audacity, but amused all the same. It soon became obvious that him harassing her had nothing to do with sexual advances. When in the end, it was her that was carried home, back gently rubbed and hair held out of her face as she hugged the porcelain throne and emptied her stomach. It was his crowd that warned her that he was a  She had laughed and agreed, because who else would follow her up and down the aisles in the grocery store, hinting that she should buy this or that because he would really enjoy it if she made him that pasta dish because it was his favorite. talks, when they and the world around them became quiet and mellow, and they'd sit on her couch and talk about nothing and everything. Sometimes, she'd get lucky and he would also get serious and he'd murmur quietly about the little things that meant a lot to him. Because of him, shot glasses with funny feminist slogans on them appeared in her cupboard; cute stuffed animals from those arcade games with the claw (which she was later informed that they were acquired by him sticking his arm through the machine); old books bought off the street for a couple bucks each, which consisted of old, hard covers that just smelled and looked nice and made her little bookshelf look full, or children's books in different languages that had funny titles. She would sit and try to figure out just how he'd become such a constant in her life, and that her day would not be complete without seeing his lanky form. Laughing, she'd playfully swat at his head and berate him for not closing the door, once again. And even long spans of silence felt natural, which is a feat in itself. his friends would laugh with a roll of their eyes, when they all went out once to the movies, and they all watched as he excitedly ran to the arcade games lining the wall and hop onto the motorcycle racing game. He would leave with a grin, telling her to get some real sleep and would steal away quietly, but always forgetting to close the door behind him. Not knowing whether it was because it was the alcohol or because she was still feeling reckless, but she was overwhelmed with a sudden need to know and she ran out of her apartment, still not closing the door behind her, and caught up with him as he was searching for his keys outside his own door. But, after several moments of silence and she gave no response, his smile began to fade. But before he could make another move, she took initiative and stood on her toes to loop her arms around his neck, and leaning forward, pressed her lips against his. Thanks. I remember thinking how original that was (yeah, I'm a pretty original kind of kid) and wanting to get a closer look, but my brother, like most of the other people on the streets, was shying away, and pulling me with him. I could only stare up at him with wide eyes. Okay, goths were cool again! Two were skulls, one was a snake coming around to bite its own tail (that was so extremely cool, by the way) and one had two words written on it in letters so flamboyant that I couldn't read them. He still didn't smile, but he ruffled my hair as he left. I knew who it belonged to and snatched it up, pumping my little legs hard to catch up with him. "I think you dropped this. He was smiling at me, so I beamed back. He nodded back, still smiling. And oh boy, when I asked if I could turn my hair blue that night, she flipped. That year, though, I found out that not all goths were like Render. I had gone by three presidents, an inventor, a writer, and some escaped mental patient who became a hero when he saved a kid from a burning building when I came upon them. They were all gothic. How embarrassing. I'm not sure if your town has gone through the whole  insult fad, but I can tell you I was the starter of that. Nobody stopped her. That ring was important to me. They were all staring at me, Devil-Lady included. A lot. Ace complied immediately, and the boy flipped the ring over, looking on the inside of it. But I lay all the credit on fate. The goths were laughing. But I was getting the adolescent feeling of rebelliousness, and was considering having Alex take me to the tattoo parlor to get it done, or at least put some blue streaks in my dark hair. Either way, he was my first junior high crush. Okay, well… Iranintoadoorwhilehewaswatching. Jason Rubie, the hottest kid in our grade at the time, asked me out. Now he's the most popular kid in high school and I'm the girl who sits in the back, writing in her little notebook. He was always a bit suicidal. Oh yeah, and my friend, Jessica Reynolds. . Surprise, surprise, I looked like a freaking cucumber. thing. Bitch. I pout. I need my fix. It was now midnight. My weapon of choice I grabbed from the kitchen drawer on the way out. I drove over, blasting Electric Avenue to psych myself up for my lawless actions. I walked up and gripped the boutique doors. The real reason why bridesmaids are stuck wearing their horrendous clothes is not because they valued their friendship with the bride, but because the damn doors to the boutique are locked at night. But then looking at my puny elbow, I realized my joint would shatter before the glass did. My hand harmlessly glanced off some kind of rock, and a hand enveloped my wrist. Double yum. Strangely, it was warm. I bet he uses steroids and is now bald with tiny gonads. It did. Grandmothers will start cackling, mothers start plotting, etc. And I'm never too petulant for a few hours at the spa. Then I threatened to leave, and Sherry started another nervous breakdown. Or maybe more Jess? I've spent so long expecting the love of my life to come along that I didn't know what I'd do when he didn't show up. It's just that when everyone tells you how pretty you are, how wonderful you are, how loving you are, you'd think something more would come of it besides a string of loser boyfriends and one very badly broken heart in there. One of the workers would clean it up. Hopefully to dump them in the trash. With another sigh, she answered. Especially with backstage passes. Why was she wasting her time, and her hopes, writing letters to a guy who might not even exist? And no one wanted to read that, least of all the guy she was going to marry. Trevor was still at work, and Mary worked from home as a web designer. Amy tried not to let the clutter bother her, and kept her attention on Mary's computer screen. With the letters pushed out of her mind, she could let go and be happy for a few moments, basking in laughter with her best friend. It was just a shame it was in such an embarrassing way. All the band members wore make up, and the only one that seemed to enjoy himself was the flamboyant guitarist. It was a brooding style, and it seemed to suit him, if his personality in interviews was any indication. She knew from previous viewings that the woman and Nikita would be kissing at the end, on stage in front of shocked ball attendees. It was rather irritating, as Jason was not Amy's favorite person. People were probably already camped out, waiting. Rumor had it she sold the Converse high top on Ebay. Amy coughed, embarrassed by the extreme display of affection. He gave her the creeps, so she kept her distance as much as possible. But his personality left something to be desired. The amphitheater was huge, and she'd never seen this part of it, the behind the scenes. The woman tied off the corset. Who was currently chasing after Ives. But her shriek was cut short as all the breath whooshed out of her lungs. Someone handed him a water bottle. Part of it probably had to do with the fact that her lungs burned and her head was spinning. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, she managed to get her breathing regulated. She was already feeling better, but she didn't want to say anything. Well, they were guys, what else was she to expect? I'll link it in my profile, but you can find it if you search  on youtube. Enjoy, dudes! The jolly festivities guaranteed everyone a great time. Unfortunately, she hadn't gone halfway through the hall when the shrieking voice of Emily Vanders pulled her to a halt. They eyed the conversing adults with disinterest and secluded themselves in an area not too far away. And as always, they were there to back each other up. And more than once had the privilege been abused with his pranks. Her blue eyes scouted the vicinity helplessly until they met the form of the boy of her dreams. He had grown over the period of time since she had last seen him so that now, she had to strain her eyes by slanting them upward. John always partnered with Jeremy, and the dark headed boy sided with their other companion, leaving her and Victoria with the Duke as a matter of who will be left out. But to her absolute shame, Derek motioned for Victoria to come. Tears were stinging her eyes and blurring her vision; with all the haughtiness she could still muster, the little brunette turned and walked away from the group, scarred with shame and wounded pride. Matthew hesitated. What did was the guy sitting two desks ahead of mine who went by the name of Travis Thompson. Numerous rings gleamed from both his hands along with a spiked leather wristband on his right wrist. He had a single ring on his finger, which is in the shape of a silver skull with fierce red eyes. I am going to be late for class for the 2nd time this week if I didn't hurry up. Not that I really cared what they thought of course. They are obviously too judgmental for my liking anyway. Although this does get rather annoying sometimes when he feels the need to shield me against anyone who appears to be even the slightest bit threatening. All he has to do is hit it twice and like magic, it opens willingly for him. He looked down at me with a wide grin on his face. Every time he looked at one, he shot them a death glare as if they were capable of murder, like the way he was looking at Trent right now. Why does he keep looking at me like that? Me of all people. What could he have possibly wanted to ask me? He threatened before turning around and walking quickly down the hallway. The only thing he would do would be to pretend that he didn't see you as you walked into the classroom. Even though Matt clearly didn't see it my way of course and probably never would, but who cares what he thinks. I love it when people look into my story and try to help me out with any flaws it might have and tell me where I can improve. Devon drawled, leaning against her locker. ". . Devon had already read them earlier. He smiled at her under his eyelashes. Or something like that anyway. "I don't blame you, Saddam. Black and white". ". . No thank yous. You started to cry. I hate how they just scream GERMS at you. One bite at a time. If he isn't dead by now he's giving someone a heartattack. He just drank a lot and beat her up. Makes sense. I'm safe. Feed Zoe. She needs to grow thumbs and walk on two feet. I hear some more ruffs and I grumble while throwing on some jeans and a white shirt. It's like an addiction. NONE. Trees are interesting. Damn him being so hot. . I'm hard and school tomorrow is gonna be a bitch. Well, peace out mah homiez. But I'm done with it, and if I ever choose to be published, I don't think I want this to be my debut. But I'm trying to broaden my horizons a bit, and this idea/character has been lingering in my head, so I thought I'd get her out. Her grip tightened almost painfully on my hand; I had started to whine about it and I looked up at her to complain, but as soon as I saw her face, how pale she was, the broken look on her face that I will never, as long as I live, be able to forget, I forgot about my hand. The man was handsome, with blonde hair that I thought was too long and pulled back into a pony tail, while his blue eyes seemed to be looking straight at my mother, his expression unreadable. That was when I saw my mother on the bed, curled up on her side, her shoulders shaking as she sobbed. But there was my mother, crying her eyes out as she had done many nights before, as she would do many nights after. Since I didn't get to know my mother for very long, I read them so many times I probably knew the stories her journal told as well as she did. She saw my mother as something of a train wreck, and she seemed to always be waiting for my mother to realize this and fix it, as if she could simply decide not to be a train wreck if she really wanted to. Everybody knew him—everybody except my mother. According to him, he did finally break up with the girlfriend to be with my mother, but the night he told her was the night they stopped seeing each other, because my mother went to a concert with him and he tried to get a little too cozy with her, which she didn't appreciate. Even though, looking back, I can't see anything special about this man (although I'm probably biased, since I knew how the story was going to end before I knew how it began) at the very end of my mother's six to eight week period, she apparently decided he was very special. He had made a joke that he would probably end up buying her a single sock, that's how lousy his gift-buying skills were. She asked him if he wanted to go somewhere with her, and he had blown her off as he had been blowing her off at work that week. In fact, she was holding on for dear life, and since she had been with him for four years before they broke up she felt it was her right. Even though she tried to ignore it, Sarah had never completely gone away, although prior to the Christmas catastrophe, the way my mother wrote it (I'll never know if it was true or just wishful thinking) Mike did seem to finally be making efforts to push Sarah out of the picture and move my mother into it. She wrote so hard and so desperately that there were holes where the pen pushed through the paper, and her writing was littered with swearwords (which my mother very rarely ever used). He assured her he was only with her because of the baby. Apparently they shared many tender moments that night, and she said she could feel how much he cared about her in the way he held her close, the way he curved his face into her neck and pressed his lips against her neck. Even though she disdained Sarah for using pregnancy to hold on to a man who no longer wanted her, she couldn't help envying that at least Sarah could kiss him in front of people if she wanted to, and she wouldn't have to sneak a moment in the break room and risk getting caught. She needed him to see it soon, because she didn't know how much more her heart could take. She had poured her heart and soul into that letter, told him she was at the very end of her rope, that she didn't want to let go, but it was killing her to hold on the way she was, and he couldn't even give her a proper response? She went shopping for a new outfit that week, and decided to buy a matching bra and panties set, too, because even though she wouldn't admit it plainly, she was planning to finally make herself his in the only way that she wasn't already. She asked him with dread where he was moving. By that time, she had lost more than her heart to him; she had lost her entire soul to him. Honestly, she had added that into her journal as almost an afterthought before she signed off and went to bed. Just two days before Alex called she made a remark that she needed something to distract her, to make her forget about Mike, even if only for a little while. She wasn't offended, as she figured he was just playing, but he seemed to only get meaner as the entries progressed after that night. She tried to just ignore him, not rejecting him and making things awkward like they had been before, but not accepting, because she certainly wasn't going to sleep with him. But she wrote that it was too hard, that she easily forgot how much she was supposed to dislike him when she was around him, because he just reminded her that she did like him. Again, I don't know what he said, but whatever it was she acknowledged that it bothered him when she suggested things like that, and she said after that remark she caught him flirting with her, maybe unintentionally, and she thought it was probably to reassure that he had cared about her, but she still wondered if he knew how cruel that was. She guessed at the time that he just didn't realize that it still bothered her, but I suspect that he was completely aware of what he was doing, and it was a boost to his ego—at my mother's expense. It didn't work, but it was worth a try. When she finally caught up to him she asked him,  She said he didn't respond at first, merely asked her in a mean, nasty tone, why she had to follow him around. As their baby boy's due date grew closer, my mother became more and more bitter. She decided she never wanted to let love blind her again, that from there on out she was going to live with her eyes wide open. Mike said she had gotten on his nerves that night, but he didn't hate her, and he wouldn't say he did. They could always be friends, she decided, and she would just raise me on her own with him making periodic visits. It was a mere two weeks before she had an interview as a waitress somewhere else, and she ended up getting the job so she wasn't unemployed for long. That seemed to ease his mind. I thought she was perfect. I had no idea what was going on, but then she finally started gasping,  I knew my mother's name was Jamie, but I didn't know why a phone call from my mother would upset her so much. In the picture he had me in his lap and an arm around my mom, a smile on everybody's face. It wasn't until second grade when I overheard my name as I walked past the principal's office on the first day of school that I realized what the problem was. Of course it wasn't just bullies that were afraid of me, so it was only amusing for a few seconds, then the kid the bully was bullying would also run away from me. The kids in the trailer park weren't afraid of me, but even as lonely as I had been I realized early on that it was only boys that ever wanted to hang out with me, and when the first one I had ever let in my room decided to try to shove his tongue down my throat, I immediately threw him out, locked my door, and went back to my books. I couldn't even walk down the street without being harassed in one way or another. I didn't know if he hated me along with the rest of the world, or if he even knew who I was. Still, he would find time to walk by my table and  knock my book off my table or  knock my books out of my arms as he passed me in the hallway, and always, at every opportunity he would give me a sarcastic little wave and say,  or some other stupid comment, but he would always call me Nikki. One look of that picture in his office of him in the younger days would make you want to back down from a fight with him. Especially Sex Ed. Always remember that I love you, and that you will have a part of my soul wherever you go. I smiled, already anticipating her response. I could picture her sitting on her bed with her back resting against the headboard, asking that question to her bedroom at large. There was a short pause before she plunged head first into it. It was finally happening. I had known her since the sixth grade, and I had only seen her cry once before – and that was also because of the situation with her parents. It was enough to make me want to run over to house that second. Samantha was going into seventh grade, Matty into sixth, and Emily into fourth. We can disillusion ourselves like that, tricking our hearts into believing things that perhaps, deep down, we know aren't real. Now would be a good time for the earth to swallow me up. Even the cafeteria lady was glowering. Life was beautiful… for a little while. No way! Le-gasp! I jumped about three feet in the air. I wasn't sure if I should be grateful or upset. Their lances are lowered for their competitor's chest. Most of the time I can slip things away from her without her notice. She still doesn't know how I do it. A girl screaming… Penelope Jones screaming. She looked like a tragic heroine with perfect wavy blonde hair, large watery gray eyes, and a figure to kill for. He turned to Aaron who was on opposite side of the hall, leaning against a locker casually. That was a challenge if I'd ever heard one. To be honest I forgot she was even there. Oh wait, back to the drama at hand. Kirk Diggory stood behind Reggie, his hand wrapped tightly around his wrist. Kirk's caramel-colored skin was flushed from the effort of holding his friend back. I doubt he cared what she had to say. She had the art of the poker face down. Everyone loved them because they were so nice. If that didn't work my high-collared black trench coat or my low brimmed hat would. Working with me was going to be hell for her. Why, oh why? Now if only my whole body could do the same. I almost wished his black hair were a little longer so it could fully obscure the power of those eyes. I smacked my own forehead. Slowly. I would kill myself later  I easily sidestepped him and ran like hell. In the backseat sat her little brother Michael, absorbing this in while sipping on his slurpee. I didn't feel like expanding Michael's vocabulary. I cringed as another guy used the pocket thing as a sexual innuendo. I would never be class president now. I was going to spend my senior year hiding in my locker during lunch time. Where do river men park their boats? There's nitrogen too, right? From now on I'm booing and throwing popcorn. It would hardly be appropriate for the moment. Somehow that expression was more frightening. I recognized Carly in the crowd, making strange faces at me. Like now, for instance. I shook my head slowly. Instead they mumbled some more. I voiced all my thoughts in that one profound word. He didn't find it amusing. He just decided to lean back at the wrong time. With his hypnotic gaze, he could probably get Rocky Balboa to wear a tutu. I said. Either that or a Greek god switched places with him at an early age. Wasn't HE supposed to be injured not me? Wait, why was I looking at his lips. Yeah, terrified. The score disappeared when I ran smack into someone's locker, inches from the door. ' I was starting to understand what it meant to be a pariah. I thought this kind of behavior stemmed in soap operas or teen dramas. A small blonde to my left gasped in shock. No one attacks Greek gods on my side of town. Wow, this is just like jet skiing! He sat on the teacher's desk, leaving me standing stupidly in the middle of the floor as the door swung shut behind me. Hooray! For some reason I just don't relate that well to people, besides Carly of course. I blinked, feeling the same way I did when the school copier light blinded me. He gave another half smile and suddenly I knew what angels must look like. That is just how the world works. I'm not saying we aren't best friends, we just have our limitations. Oh and the other change was that Aaron and I were suddenly hanging out. ' I've asked myself the same question. His dark eyes narrowed in on Aaron's face. Sometimes people mistake her for one of my college-age friends. It looks like the sitting room for a winter lodge. Destiny was giggling to herself, basking in my mortification. Her ivory skin turned a little pink. It was almost dark by then, the last ray of sunlight kissing the sky goodbye. It's none of your business! He ventured. My elderly neighbor, Mrs. Smith, gaped at me as she watered her flowers. I rubbed my chin wisely. Normal Aaron is beautiful, but laughing Aaron is simply stunning. He patted his faded jean pocket. I'm more of a… eat cookies and watch TV person. A gang hideout, an abandoned warehouse, a shady club, or maybe a yacht on the marina. ) and allowed me to enter first. I followed him mutely, mindful of only the painful bass in the rap song blaring over the loudspeaker and the broadness of his shoulders. He pulled me along as I struggled to stay upright. This terrifying event predicted many times in history has no comparison with what I was going to go through on that terrible day. Destiny ran into my room, her hair in a massive ponytail and her face streaked with tears and chocolate milk. I was obsessed with that movie for years, and I would really like to change things up but I'm too lazy to. I groaned just as Jay peeled off in our gray Camry with Destiny in the back seat. That sounded stupid, even to me. The window on the passenger side lowered and Aaron leaned across, smiling a heartbreaker's smile. I exclaimed. I think in a different world we would've, I don't know, been soulmates or something. I quickly fixed both problems. Knowing that after this Aaron and I would go our separate ways was a MAJOR problem. team would burst in the room at any second. Or maybe a Disney kiss, one worth remembering. ! Seriously. Those lingering in the halls stilled to hear and are now stunned. Students lined the halls, parting for our degraded procession to trudge through. Carly gives me her best gangsta' nod. I smiled like the poor humble farmer I am. One look at Mr. Wise's bloated face suggested he wished we had. I'm sure he won't yell at me too much. I turned to him, ready to say anything when Carly screeched around the corner. I've watched enough C.S.I. to know how it's done. I shook my head firmly. Standing on tip-toe I pressed my lips against his. I could hear someone whistling from behind me but really didn't give a damn. It's the theme from 'The Princess and The Frog' and seriously one of the best love songs ever. And if you have read  then I hope you enjoy this. I just wanted to go home and go to sleep. He didn't send me flowers or call me just to hear my voice, not that I would want any of that. Being paid for sex… how did I end up in that situation? God, I didn't even tell him my real name. New York was beautiful at night. Always. I would just save it as usual, pay the bills and my debts. No, that wouldn't work. Now I didn't have an excuse. He rammed them into larger man's stomach as they both went flying into the dirty gutter. He looked quick even if the alcohol was making him a little wobbly. Bam, another punch to the face, then another, and another. When the man's arms fell limply against his side I rushed over. His eyes were droopy and unfocused. I gasped as I fished around my pocket for the money. Panicking, I grabbed his wrist as my breath came out in small gasps. He was out cold. When I got to my feet I stood and waited until I caught my breath. Blood was matted in his hair, stained on his face and clothes. That was the last time I was going to be nice to a stranger, that's for sure. Nobody wants to wake up broken on the sidewalk. I don't think it was appropriate. And he was still sleeping. Perfect. Yes, he did have a nice body, but that was not the point at all. When I pulled the pillow from under his head he let out a grunt and blinked his only good eye. Tapping my hand on my hip I made it very obvious that I was annoyed and out of time. Even with his shirt on I could still make out the powerful lines of his shoulder muscles. Without saying anything I took back my coffee and opened the door for him. I turned and took a few good steps before he stopped me. He asked and dug his hands into his pocket. Who was I kidding; there was no way I was going to get it out of my mind now. I'm adding a few new characters and keeping some of the old ones. Or just wait until they get answered in the story. I really appreciated it. They cheered him on, mentioning how I was too sweet to ever get angry at him. As in I'm-holding-onto-my-brother's-prized-baseball-bat-in-front-of-Ryan's-car angry. And worst of all, when he told me that after that concert him and Carrie had sex in the back of his car, I didn't yell. That's how meek I am. He ended up liking me and thought my wounded-puppy routine was cute. She stays up late telling me about all the guys she's slept with and how she doesn't believe in love but believes in loving sex. Then I patted myself on the back for being so forgiving and such a wonderful person. The big sister is supposed to be the conniving bitch but she controls me. When I flopped into the seat he looked me up and down and told me I looked awful. I would add later. He uses it to get what he wants. I opened the trunk of my car to put my book bag away when I saw it. And suddenly my feet began moving back towards the vehicle and I raised the bat above my head, ready to strike. Not necessarily because I wanted to stay together with him, as I obviously was more angry than I thought, but there was no way I'd let myself get dumped by the guy who cheated on me. Instead his chin was covered by stubble. In one swift moment he pulled a cigarette out, plopped it on the side of his mouth, and lit up. All I wanted was to get home, eat a pint of ice cream, then maybe throw my pillows around. Obviously he smoked. Not too tight, not too loose. I wasn't too pleased to know either. Probably a whole foot taller than I was. My sister is a sex kitten but I am definitely not. Any other girl would have dumped her boyfriend on the spot but I had to stupidly tell Ryan that it was a-okay. He was arrested! Probably from punching walls. They don't argue with me because I've never changed. I didn't want to, I swear, but who am I to refuse a guy who has been arrested? I didn't have time to worry about it because he continued on his lecture. Afterwards you can watch a sappy romance movie, I'll even go with you if you want company, although I prefer action flicks if you're feeling like paying me back for this advice. Normally I'm not a fan of the smell of smoke, but it came off him in a musky, cologne-like fragrance. He hadn't removed his hand from my cheek and for the first time since meeting Ryan I felt butterflies in my stomach. From the one who got arrested! They walked off, a picture-like couple from a movie. And he was my boyfriend. Suddenly I was a girl on a mission. I tied my hair into a pony-tail and pulled up my sleeves. I kept hitting the car until I was tired and it barely resembled the nice car it once was. I rolled it up and smiled it satisfaction. It was totally everything I used to be. He said breathlessly. When we were staring eye to eye I said,  With that I kissed him. It was…perfect. I saw Ryan running down the hill, horrified at the state of his car. I must look like Aphrodite after Peter's kiss. She wiggled her fingers at him but he ignored her. I grinned right back, suddenly feeling as if my teeth were just as bright as Carrie's. So much for the dramatic side of me. he repeated. Let me know what you think. . ". . . . I shrugged. The noise was too much. . . declared my baby sister. he admitted, tagging on a weak chuckle. ". ". I ask, squinting my eyes at him. ". Jonathan is my sensei. And even if it were, I wasn't that sadistic. Even I wasn't exempt from his physical prowess. As soon as I did however, a pang of guilt hit me. Determining that I was going to stay after all, I flopped back into my chair, almost knocking over my empty glass. In fact, our families used to see each other regularly before the McDermotts divorced, and when Sam was still alive. It wasn't like I could snoop around in someone else's bedroom. He owned a good collection of CDs, and to my surprise, an even larger collection of black and white movies. I tugged at the handle and it opened easily, letting the frigid January wind swallow up the room's warmth. It was snowing like this when Sam died. Mostly I referred to him as Sam; it was easier that way. Nothing makes a kid happier than being told she finally has a real dad. The only difference was that my eight-year-old brother, Evan, had been abandoned too. He had been watching me. I immediately forgot my words when he thrust his arm around my body, his hand brushing past my hair. I didn't care that Wes McDermott was the most desired guy in school. Wes dropped his hand and I blinked. He collapsed on the couch, the room suddenly loud with rock music. The room was brought back to silence, and I felt slightly triumphant. Sweetheart! six-thirty? She demanded crossly. . Is that you"? Tut, tut". I sincerely can't wait to share it with you. They were the first to find out of my Awaken giveaway, and many took advantage of downloading the free book. but what's so interesting about this? Rory for short. Yes that's right folks, if you haven't picked it up yet, I'm an undercover agent. Even if he was being nice. If there was an Olympic Medal for Hide and Seek, this guy would win gold as a hider! BIG TIME! ! He was quite surprised to say the least. wow. I was way too happy to be scared of Sheffield right then. ah crappin hec who cares, I'm sure you get what I'm trying to say so I'll move on. yes. ! . Thank god for that, I mean guys are great, I just don't really wanna look like one is all. . ! Dean scowled at Belle. He smirked. Thank you for reading at all. It's not much right now, but it will be. Rather, the only one I've bothered to keep. I imagine her reading The Stranger, in a car and on the way to somewhere she doesn't want to be. But this girl, I mind. Ba. That's what happens when you put one overly dedicated man with a woman who was destined for a life of chemo-therapy followed by a premature death, only to be left to raise a Beautiful baby daughter who will one day blossom into Gorgeous young woman that will have men chasing after her for the rest of her life. Hehe. But I feel for him, sort of, though I have no idea what its like to lose a loved one. Damn, now I'm hungry. But I must admit it is rather entertaining to see how many men I can ward off with my vulgar disposition, flying, inanimate objects, and promises of castration to my future husband. I asked stumbling a bit on top of the Lancer as I regained my equilibrium. I straightened and tried to catch sight of Vinci's silver and purple Skyline further up the boulevard but only got an eyeful of people. We were the sexiest, party-going girls in all of the Hamptons and there wasn't a person I'd rather have by my side than this chic female. My heart raced with anticipation, its pounding like a drums in my ears. I blinked. I knew those hands from anywhere. He paused in his ministrations to shoot me a rakish grin worthy of his playboy status. Because while this cutie was hot as hell and had put moves on me that left my head reeling, I found his lack of empathy for the trail of inconsolable hearts he left in the wake of his womanizing forays more or less daunting. And thank the gods for that because I sure as hell didn't score any points in the charms section. The boy had skills. Damn, I maybe should've taken that extra shot after all. Oh shit. I grumbled. My mouth parted to voice my annoyance but the combination of his intoxicating cologne and the heat pouring from his body to my exposed parts lulled me into the alluring folds of sleep. I groggily stared out of the tinted window at the familiar sakura trees lining the circular driveway that led to my home. My legs felt like jello and my head was spinning so fast I didn't know left from right and up from down. Common sense is such a rarity these days because if either had an ounce of it, they would've known by now that their feelings for each other ran deeper than that of their random hook ups. I don't care if he was a champion show dog with beautiful Artic blue eyes and fur as white as snow, this husky would so be sleeping outside for the next week. Cripes, I hope they didn't have me on camera. The unease wafting in the room was palpable. His navy blue, collared shirt was crumpled and half tucked into his black slacks, half sticking out with a tie that had long ago been tossed on the ceramic tiles of the floor. he began nervously, his Adam's apple bobbing like crazy up and down his throat. Become a nicer person? Ah, the bliss of ignorance, if only it could last forever. We'd been standing there for nearly twenty minutes before Terry spotted her and the leaves were beginning to poke into my arm gently, making me itch. People stood behind bushes, spying on other people all the time. She didn't even notice us which made staring at her in stunned silence that much easier. I caught myself slowly shaking my head and even Hayley's mouth had dropped open in amazement. Every two weeks, we'd find one special person to take under our collective wing and gently steer them into feeling better about themselves. Instead, we concentrated on making a few little changes like new pair of contact lenses here, a couple of new clothes there and then at the same time, reminding them of how wonderful they were and helping to widen their social circles so that they would be able to get out there more. Its not that we thought of our missions as charity cases per se, it was just something that we found that we were really good at while being able to do something nice for someone else at the same time. We'd established ourselves as the resident style gurus on campus and I couldn't help but feel a little proud of the fact. Somehow, along the way, I had also managed to pick up what colours and styles could work on other people too and it was a skill I had subsequently found more than useful. I had no idea how she did it, but she did. While Hayley and I had a ball dressing up our new friends, Terry would look at the whole picture and then add the finishing touches to it by helping them with how they should carry themselves, where to look when talking and so on. It didn't take long before we agreed to open our own PR firm after we graduated and we were currently taking different majors at college in skill areas that we'd be able to use later on. he asked eagerly. We couldn't let her down. Rebecca was also too hesitant to let go of her glasses and after much negotiating, we'd managed to convince her to swap her outdated pair for smaller black frames that didn't hide her green eyes so much. Tonight, at the party her friends were throwing her, we felt like proud parents. Well done. Instead, I closed my eyes and counted to ten. he retorted before stalking off. Too bad for him that I preferred guys that actually had a brain lodged somewhere in their cranium rather than in their pants. We never guaranteed that the people involved would fall in love or end up dating but most of the time, all that our 'clients' really wanted was a chance to get some one-on-one time with the person that they were lusting after. Again. Please do leave a review; comments, criticism, suggestions or general proclamations of love are welcome. Thank you to Joanna Woo for your help with this chapter. The absolute nerve of that jerk! I strode blithely around the school until lunch, looking like a human magnet. Adrenaline and sugar charged on the day (sneaking into the cookie jar was my area of expertise), I was exhausted by the time the performance rolled around and fell asleep onstage – not that anyone had noticed, considering I was supposed to be in 'a deep slumber only to be awoken by true love's first kiss' (oh the irony). I don't even know what it felt like. Not that my fists would make much of an impact. (But it wasn't as if I shared any of these opinions. Real mature. Priceless. ) I shot one last withering glance in Luke's direction before storming towards my next class. Staying up late to complete the third draft of my English essay was evidently not the best decision I'd ever made. Stop laughing. I opened my mouth to retort, but was cut off. I jerked as if he'd been holding two hundred volts of electricity, and stepped back. The only thing that lay beneath my burning hatred was the increasing desire to strangle him with my shoelace. I love the fact that my dodgy internet connection means it takes ten minutes just to get to Google. Sighing heavily, I covered my face with my hands and let a wave of disappointment crash over me. Good times. Silly me. Really. Being around him was seriously damaging to my health. As if starting the day with double physics wasn't depressing enough. Aside from the obvious, it also meant that I had two choices: a) make the half-an-hour walk home in torrential rain, sans umbrella or any other water-proof device, or; b) camp out on the covered front steps of the school until the rain stops (although judging from the way it was pouring down buckets, I'd be sitting here until the next Ice Age). Within five minutes, I was a human icicle. For a second, my heart skipped a beat, but I brushed it aside as surprise. It's not that funny. What on God's green earth was wrong with me? But then so was Melinda, and Harriet, and Janice, and several other girls – considering the fact that we were at the beach and Luke was topless, looking goddamn fine. My eyes strayed to the water droplets dotting his arm and my fingers itched to just brush them away but I reined in the urge. Think anything but the toned muscles in Luke's arm! His laugh was infectious. Had there been an apocalypse I didn't know about? Sometimes life just isn't fair. Yeah, I wouldn't have guessed either. I scowled. Before I knew it, I was kissing him back. Hear me roar! (Am I bipolar or what? And it scared the bee's knees out of me. I guess I was just so used to hurling abuse at him that I didn't really know how else to act around him. I'm a cold, heartless bitch and a disgrace to the human race, but just stop looking at me like that, dammit! (Cue my evil cackling). I reminded, in case she'd forgotten that he was supposed to be the bane of my existence. I've never thought otherwise. Just do the right thing and put me out of my misery. Nice work! he repeated softly, his gaze wavering between incredulous and hopeful. Away from me. The sudden urge to giggle bubbled up my throat. I can already feel my brain cells deteriorating. How on earth did I think for a minute that that girl could be me? I felt like I could swim the English Channel and still have energy to hike up Mount Everest. I must resemble a beetroot. Liars. Just fixed up a bit of the grammar. It got really old after the fifth time she called Sarah, my twin sister, a  Sure, Sarah was a bit preoccupied with fashion and her looks and less on school and things, but honestly, Galinda? I just hoped that I wouldn't be killed by taking a letter to the man I was in love with, a letter written by her. So the fact that a boy taking college level mathematics and sciences would be paired with a girl taking musical theory and voice lessons (but who had such horrible stage fright that she could never perform without throwing up twice and looking as if she'd been caught in the headlights) was highly unusual. But Sarah's interests shifted, as they always do, and Carlin and I were left to nurture an amazing friendship. He knew me almost as well as Sarah did, except for one simple fact. At least if he hated me I would at least know there's something there besides bland affection. Just a close friend he's known for ten years. So, of course, I had to be nice back to her. My tears of pain were most likely interpreted as tears of happiness at the beautiful tableau. she whispered in my ear. Sarah grabbed my hand and squeezed it. How selfish was I, that I couldn't even be happy for the guy I was in love with when he found love? I hadn't since Carlin told me he was marrying Danielle Tetra, now Danielle Tetra-Thompson. He wouldn't give his life for me, should the occasion call for it. He was packing something in a big black case, and I wondered if it was one of the members of the string quartet that Carlin had hired. I shook my head, and went into the Narthex, where there was still a long line of guests greeting Carlin and Danielle and hugging and congratulating them. My royal blue dress was pretty distinctive. I was the one who was crazy for one boy. He gushed, pulling us both into hugs respectively. Gothic only because I preferred darker, less flashy colors. I liked not being the focus of attention. That meant the reception was going to be just on par with a royal ball. The same string quartet was setting up on the stage, along with a DJ, no doubt to have the right mix of classical for the older set and the new rock and dance for the younger set. I had no idea if I could do this. Open bars were my friend. She knew I wouldn't be able to bring myself to dance with Carlin. I don't think I'd ever seen anyone with two different colored eyes before. I wasn't very outgoing, and was rather shy, but I still could be bitchy with the best of them when I was in a bad mood. So I lashed out, in the worst possible way. He stood up, drink still in hand, and walked away, definitely lacking a spring in his step. I guess it's that whole write what you know thing? Let me know what you think. I'll be posting the edited chapters a few at a time, notated with the date, so you all can keep track as you're reading. Like some sort of fourteen-year-old White Knight, he helped her to her feet, guiding her safely off the ice to find his parents. Nola insisted her best friend go back on the ice with the rest of their friends, and after she disappeared, Gideon brushed aside Nola's tears and told her everything would be okay. And they weren't actually sucking face, but they did look horribly cozy in that little corner booth, bodies snuggled together, faces nuzzling into necks. . Gideon didn't have to worry about getting older—nope, not one bit. They were holding a huge surprise party at the pub for her. Mr. Q and Mama J had fought with her, and the couple had become pretty fantastic surrogate parents to her and little Liam once Nola was awarded custody. None of Gideon's girlfriends lasted more than a couple months, at best, though the average was only about three weeks. Invariably, long before she'd worked up her nerve, he'd moved on to the next girl. When a woman said she'd fallen in love with him, that was his cue to walk away without a second glance. Especially considering everyone thought Nola had moved past her silly girlhood crush years ago. None of them had been able to capture her heart or stir her blood the way Gideon did without trying. And as soon as she realized it wasn't going to happen, she broke things off as quickly, not to mention as cleanly, as possible. He never tried to prevent a woman from falling in love with him, and yet he was always disappointed when one did. So, no, Gideon wasn't heartless. The thought tickled, and she couldn't help her eyes from drifting back to the object of her affections as Mr. Q exited the pub. Upon finding the person boring a hole into his head, he was extremely pleased. That said, he much preferred her company now that she could look at him without stammering and blushing ten shades of red. He didn't, and in fact, would've felt rather guilty if neither of his mother's actual children helped to plan her big party. Too pale to be compared to a tropical sea, but he knew that, as soon as he spoke, they would clear and resemble glittering aquamarines. . He made a dismissive noise. The situation escalated from there, and O'Donnell's sixty-six day streak without a fistfight—one for the record books—was broken. Another patron, a doctor, came to find Nola, and after taking a quick look at her profusely bleeding nose, assured her the break wasn't serious. He grimaced when he saw her, and she imagined, since she hadn't actually looked when she was in the bathroom, that she looked an absolute fright. She figured it was just her luck. Despite the Tylenol she'd taken down in her office, her face was killing her and she knew she wouldn't be able to fall asleep quite yet. Only two people would call this late—Bridget or Clara, Stevie's mom—and Nola really hoped it was Bridget; she didn't want Liam to see her until morning, when, hopefully, the swelling in her face would have gone down some. Officially, she lived in the town where she'd been born and raised, but she was only home three or four months out of the year. For at least as long as Gideon's love life was left out of conversation, which was why Nola hadn't told her friend she was still in love with her brother. Liam was due to be home in just a few short hours, and Nola needed to get some sleep before the boy woke her again. The sight made her groan aloud. She didn't know how the doctor could possibly have determined whether it was crooked or not, though she prayed he was right; she'd always liked her nose. Switching off the small lamp on her bedside table, she closed her eyes and gradually fell into a sleep that was almost as deep as the bruises beneath her eyes. Oh, and like all my other pieces this will be set in London, just because I live there and know what it's like. When Matt is hired to tutor her secrets neither wanted to share begin to emerge, but will either bother trying to discover more and help the other out? The vast majority of them had also advised that I get a tutor, just to catch me up on all the homework that I hadn't done, and make sure that I did it myself. And I'd easily conned every single one of them into doing the work for me. How much could an hour on a Friday really affect me? I had like a year and a half to decide anyway. I liked my brother, but Matt was most definitely on my hit list (not that I had one). Tom had told me that he went into school and then went straight to the nurse's office from there. But he would be going to visit a few countries from May until about August using the money he was making from his new job, so he was turning the year into a good experience. Matt just really got under my skin. And, being a boy, he hadn't even gone to my school, so how would he be able to tutor me? He couldn't do this to me! He appeared to be having more fun with this. I made a face at him. I wasn'treally sure how it had started, but somehow over the years we had come to hate each other. It did no help, so I simply resigned myself from cleaning the pot and poured some hot water in it. Unfortunately I never knew the exact time when he was going to do it, and covering my cheeks with my hands for the whole time I was near him seemed a bit irrational, so I just had to get used to it. At least I still had until the morning to convince my dad out of it, and Matt might say no. If you don't like it please give me some constructive criticism so I can try and improve on whatever it is. © hotcheri. And feel free to disagree with me, but if I want to see two hot teens make out in New York City, I'll go home and watch Gossip Girl. Robyn was frowning at me. Since Mrs. Williams was leafing through her files, I found a chance to tap my watch and hold up 5 fingers. Still, anything that put off the inevitable (in this case, trying not to watch Robyn and her boyfriend have a fun time while trying not to feel like the loser I was) was a bonus, in my book. I shifted from one foot to another, scratching the back of my neck with my free hand. She probably wouldn't even notice. He was one of the richest, most popular students around. I barely even talk to the guy! Easy choice. I didn't want that to change, because when I got home, it was another story. This reminded me-. They thought the fact that the guy played a bit of bass guitar put him on the level of Jimi Hendrix. Duh, Celsi. she said. It should have been over ages ago. I'm used to it) and decided to make herself my confidant. I had to be, to get through every night. Luke was always causing disruptions in the school, but he got so much leeway it was like he owned the place. She turned to me, her cheeks reddened by the cold, pouting at me. Same difference. She had been on the subway a couple of times (I made sure of that) but never to meet a guy she was going on a date with. She hated the subway, always thought people were about to jack her Louis Vuitton purse. For some reason, she really thought I was her dating good luck charm. Good times. Unfortunately, Todd was running late. None. I reassured her. He spared me a glance. An old man in an expensively tailored suit was being escorted through the door by his much younger looking wife who was wearing a tight fitting designer dress. I had to at least try. . His eyes flicked down at my outfit and he totally disregarded me. Put a black cape on him and he could moonlight as Dracula. I hadn't come all this way for nothing, you know! Wait, did I get vaccinated for the mumps? Snobby jackass. That would be so embarrassing for me. Please let Luke let me up. If I got on an elevator with him, I would go insane! Posing as Joanna Winthrop, one of the bitchiest students at school, sure had its merits. Unnecessary but cool nonetheless. It was beautiful. What do you know? That being my motivation, I launched into honesty mode. If push came to shove, I would bribe him with the 5 bucks I had in my pocket, not my body. Did they have a master too that I was supposed to defeat before I could get to see the guy? Bottled air, imported from Switzerland. I said, placing my hands in my lap and trying to seem demure. It's a major character flaw. It pulled me closer, making me feel like an artist coming face to face with a paint brush he knew Vincent Van Gogh had used. With a piano like this, I could be world renowned. A thud and a grunt of pain came from behind me and I whirled around, only to see Luke Astor lying on the hardwood floor, his hand over his nose. The version which is on Amazon is edited, which is why it's for sale. Oh, check out the character pictures on my website hotcheriwrites dot com, and while you're there, vote to have a say in what I should write next (poll and story synopses available on the Fiction Corner), and become a member to have access to my new, original fiction which I'll be posting on there soon! Until, that is, I actually popped out and showed my cute, innocent face, at which the two boys rudely blew raspberries. They were both always there to annoy me, to protect me from bullies, and to comfort me whenever I had a nightmare. There was this prisoner, and the people in the commercial kept saying that he did all of these horrible things. After about a day or so of constant ridicule, I got so fed up that I ended up punching one of the kids in the nose. Suddenly, Bryce was the one being dragged inside for a time-out and call to the parents. Thankfully, I wasn't too lonely, as that was also around the time that I met Taylor Jacobs, who would eventually become my best friend. ' at the top of his lungs, and then proceed in dragging me out of bed. At-6-in-the-freaking-morning. Unfortunately, I also realized that we were now in a nice, big pile of arms, legs, blankets, and teddy. I asked him slowly and angrily. She was holding my brother Danny in her arms, who was just one and a half years old, and she was bouncing him in her arms so excitedly that I was worried he'd go flying from her arms any second now. she asked him. he asked in shock. she continued. This process repeated several times before Paul threw what remained of his apple at me, causing me to chase my brother angrily up the stairs. Once I caught sight of the familiar black hair and puppy brown eyes, I felt my heart start to flutter lightly. He had just moved to my middle school, and he, being a year older than me, had become friends with Paul and Bryce's crowd. Somehow, that one little imperfection made me like him even more. Every time somebody mentioned his name, the words 'hubba hubba' came to my minds of every adolescent, hormone-driven girl in hearing distance. Food was his one true love. Even though Taylor was my best friend, she had a tendency of sneaking up on people that I found very exhausting on my minor-heart-attack-prone heart. Did I look like a bird to her? I motioned for her to go towards the soda machines. I had to have some kind of courage buried deep within me, right? Paul pulled away an inch only long enough to shoot a quick glance to who was talking, and then he rolled his eyes and continued on with his little session. It was more of a knee-melting smile, considering I couldn't exactly feel them anymore. I frantically searched my mind. As if he hadn't just purposely ignored me two seconds before. Holy moly. After what seemed like an eternity, Paul finally shrugged. With a lopsided grin, he walked back into the cafeteria. I also noticed a note and reached out to read it. His head was big enough as it was, so it wasn't like he needed an ego boost or anything. And since then we've been best friends, trying to rid the world of guys. Luckily. Then again, I am bias, on account of the fact that I HATE HIM. But you're never gonna hear that come out of my mouth again, so let's move on. He passed Ryan's car with a look of confusion, but continued running down the road until he turned around and saw all of us standing there, baby and all. Crap. Bye! I was just talking of you"! Mum did warn us about this. What have you been doing? I squeaked. Just on a different story! (you didn't think that there'd be an english lesson in here somewhere, did ya? but, (with her permission of course) i might just bite the bullet and turn her into a different person. i'm a sucker for two lonely, tortured souls coming together to fight evil and find true love. Honestly, I couldn't care less, and I wasn't the least bit scared of Candi, which irked her to no end. With that final remark, I swept past her, shouldering my bag higher. Mostly, they ignored me until I had walked by, then the whispers started. I could wear this apparel whenever I wanted, even in the middle of summer, and people just wrote it off to my freakishness. The same high brow, same wide eyes, the same large nose, the same wide mouth. He was one of those rare popular people who were actually nice to everyone, unlike some other people I could mention. I could barely open up my locker without being buried beneath a mound of stuff, so I mostly carried my things around in my book bag. I said. I convinced myself I liked it that way. As soon as my bare skin touched the grass, the images started in my head. All the plants had them. Since then, I have learned to control my emotions (most of the time), mostly so daisies don't pop up behind me when I'm in a good mood. They simply stop being. I was already barely passing his class. I cared about my grades, most of which were pretty good, except for calculus. Or was it the sums of the limits? Not that the male gender was flocking to me anyway. I mean, I was a month away from turning eighteen and my guy experience was zippo. I had really nice collarbones, too. I couldn't have it both ways. It wasn't as though I had anywhere else to be, either. To have something of mine so publicly defaced wounded me really deeply. I paused a moment to set up the small sprinkler, and turned the tap on very lightly so that the sprinkler would just spray back and forth on the ferns and not anything else. They fell in love (or so the story goes) and got married, despite my Nonna's insistence that she wasn't a good Italian girl. The irony does not escape me. He's just good that way. And, like the gracious father he is, he's been experimenting on his children. My hair was also a touch darker in colour, closer to black than brown. He makes quite a deal of money accompanying other singers and musicals and things. Double doors sat atop the steps at the front, shadowed by the bottom of a balcony that ran the length of the second floor. I said, motioning to the house with a wave of my hand. Or in. I had yet to attempt to unpack, rather just pulling the things I needed for the night from boxes and putting off unloading everything until the morning. But now, not seven days later, I was living in Norton, sitting in a creepy attic alone, had a total of ZERO friends and would be starting a brand new school in less than three days. And yet every time I opened my mouth to politely explain to my parents that life would have been much more enjoyable in Sherington, they would stop me before I got a chance to speak and tell me off for whinging. How did my parents expect me to act when all I had ever known had been ripped out from beneath me and I was placed, practically a naked rabbit amongst a town full of fully clothed foxes? Music washed over me and I let the stress melt from my bones. Nicholas briefly stopped throwing the ball against the wall, which he had been doing for the last hour, to think over his uncle's words. Nicholas was not yet even of eighteen years! What would He want? With its large hard-wooden floor and its own voice when the wind crept up the long, spiralling stairs, he favoured it above all the other rooms in the Manor. The noises in the night had been foreign and sometimes so close to his ears he had huddled beneath the bed in fear until sleep had fallen, pervaded with tossing and turning. He dared to step into my room? Nicholas let his eyes betray none of the emotions he was feeling: anger, confusion, hate. Shame, really, and Nicholas smiled again. His Uncle's face coloured even more, purple rising on his neck and in his cheeks. Finally, Alfred growled and Nicholas knew he had won. Alfred paused. Narrowing his eyes, Nicholas stared him down. They had been killed in an automobile accident, leaving Nicholas alone in the world with none to turn to. He sat up heart thumping, but it was already gone. thanks! thanks! thanks! thanks. PLEASEPLEASEPLEASE DO BOTH. ! I gave in, and I sat at my window and just watched, unaware of a puddle of drool forming on the sill. with his tongue. I must have gave him the impression that I liked what he was doing. But he didn't have to know that. The point was he licked me. . She had a thing with spying on my neighbor. . Evil neighbors. She cried that night. Wow, what an exciting guy. Not that recently; but it hadn't been years. Besides, what twenty-year-old would go for a sixteen-year-old stalker? She sighed, then got up off the chair she claimed as her . ? The door opened, and in came Tracy's object of affection. I couldn't see the color of his eyes since he was too far away, but they looked dark. What was he doing? What a nice body. I wanted his hands all over me. I felt like I was going to spontaneously combust at any minute. His left eyebrow slowly rose above the right, and I noticed that it was pierced. He grabbed something off the top of the TV — his wallet, I assumed — then gave me a quick glance and left his room. I did not want to live only to see my neighbor! Bad! I would not spy on him, no matter how great his hotness. he just had to lick me. . Sighing, she adjusted the baggy white polo shirt. Everyone else was in the chapel for morning prayers, so he had this girl all to himself. Or was it Sherry? And yet, the heater in the room was turned up full-blast, that she was sweating like a pig. Attractive ditzes. rite. She exclaimed, punching the air triumphantly. I retrieved a few more coins and dumped them on the table. She had a date, but she felt nervous around him, so she had insisted I tag along and bring my own date to ease her nervousness. Which, in Carrie land, meant standing around and repeating exactly what she would want to hear. I feared long speeches and mediocre performances were next to come and gratefully accepted a champagne flute from a waiter who appeared at my side. The lights blinked and the tables began to fill up. I hadn't been expecting… Well, I'm not sure what I had been expecting, but certainly not this! His thick slashes of eyebrows were slightly furrowed and his square jaw made his show of teeth menacing. Savannah tried not to breathe, she didn't like the musty smell of sweat he always carried. It was made the more unpleasant when some got up her nose. Especially by his hands. It was just the kind of school Ashwood was: a corrupt institution ran by donations, a place where teachers were too willing to turn a blind eye, where a student's worth was determined by their family name and net worth. There wasn't even the clanking of cutlery. The first rule you learnt in Ashwood: do not piss off Layton Rochester. Layton sat in the chair like he owned it, arms stretched out and his head tipped back, strands of black hair fell into his eyes. Each day was so meaningless her reality blurred. They were enjoying themselves, those vultures. Savannah was brimming with it and it lent her strength. Savannah snarled. Even Mike seemed stunned and his mouth could catch flies. Her hope had diminished into ashes long ago, it only took her this long to realise. She walked swiftly towards the exit. I help him pick out a girl that isn't trashy, and will actually give him a good time. And the girls are probably just as crazy about Tye as they are about Gary Dourdan. I'm just going to have my senior year in a new school, have to make new friends, then go to another new environment when I go to college, but I'm cool. I love him though, he is just too cute. When mom had her purse, she meant business. Instead of hanging out at home, my mother forced me to go to the pool club she joined and make new friends. Fun, fun. Yes, I know this is juvenile and I could just wait until another one opened, but, forgive me for acting the same age as the girl, I want to beat her! I'm gonna get here first! All I know is that they just enhanced his dirty blond hair. My eyes met his as he came around to me, and offered me his hand. I was four eleven, people, cut me some slack. I do not own M&amp;Ms or iPod. Please note that in this story, Deshret is not Egypt. They reached as far as his navel before being absorbed by the band of his loose, muslin trousers that were graying from overuse. He cleared his throat and regained his composure before continuing. I was sold for three hundred gold coins. The other was the auctioneer. That was all too obvious. For that moment, I felt as if I was outside and he was the one locked inside. What, did he expect me to lick it like a pet? However, his shiny, bald scalp still fits on his head like an exotic cap, I thought with some satisfaction. Tempers were rising as well. He was another temporary master that only added to my generous collection. he explained. Once outside my cage, I stood up and felt my back straighten out for the first time in days. he told me. From men to animals, everyone was flushed and burning. A small crowd of servants surrounded the litter, lounging around and examining the herbs from a near by stall. Not knowing what else to do, I followed. Surrounding it are the estates of the favored courtiers. I had never seen so much green before. But their houses could not even come close to these grand estates. The litter was carried into the courtyard and I follow as well, letting my eyes drink in the delights. Naked children were running and screaming inside the yard, splattering water and mud at each other. they shouted in ecstasy. With a dismissive gesture, he allowed the rest of the servants to go. We walked deeper into the household and soon, we arrived inside a bathing chamber. I meant the houses on the outside of this gated heaven. Perhaps his expectations were different? I usually washed by scrubbing myself with a rough rag and rising in a bucket of dirty water. There wasn't enough time to dry it and I did not want to leave it in the bathing chamber, making a mess. My skin was smooth instead of sticky now and for that, I was glad. I held the towel tighter and looked down at my feet. The servant boy bowed and left the room. Still hesitant, I walked up next to him. In my nervousness, my voice sounded weak too my own ears. That taught me etiquette. If you talked about earth, I could tell a witty joke about Deshret's state of agriculture. But as I said, I was naïve back then. . He needs be used to it. She can even walk if she wants to. This is her routine, a hug before the school day starts. He gives her a tight smile and turns to talk to his friends. She holds his hand as they walk down the hallway. It's his birthday, after all. He doesn't even notice that she isn't there anymore. He jogs down towards where she is. she says with a pathetic wave of her hand. Especially in the morning. But he doesn't do anything. But he does not know what to do. So he does not know that that seat is theirs. It's their only class with each other so she usually makes sure they sit together. He does not like other guys touching his girl no matter how innocent. She does not want to lose him. But she can't. He regrets all the words he said before. He loves her touches, her hugs and her kisses. And that's what matters. THANKS FOR READING! A rich girl that meets none of these stereotypes. Now don't get me wrong, I can, but you're only spoiled if you take advantage of this, which I don't. I have one pair of Gucci sunglasses; not twenty; one pair of Chloe jeans, not thirty, and one Versace dress, but only because of some party my dad made me go to. Now that I have officially defended why I am not your average rich girl, let's move one. This was my mom. I walked over and sat down on my large bed that was covered in silk pillows to match the walls and carpet, and opened the box. They loved to spend outrageous amounts of money on something you could easily find thousands of dollars cheaper, but to the rich community labels are everything. Hills. I would never do that to my body, I know better. I walked to the mirror and looked at myself. Quickly swiping some light pink lip-gloss on, I grabbed my silver clutch purse and headed downstairs. Numerous people were standing outside all drowning in their own self-absorbed attitude and riches. As I approached he shot them all warning looks and they stopped talking. I didn't want to but me being the polite person I am, couldn't turn them down. Ralph drove me home and then left saying something about how he had to go wait for my parents. Flipping on the lights I walked into my bathroom I thought that I saw a shadow, but when I turned around there was nothing there. I turned back around to my closet to get my pajamas. I scream again and the person holding me spins me around. He looked into my eyes as if telling me that he would kill me if I said a word. I pounded my fist into his back, kicked my feet against his chest, tried to bite his hand that was still around my mouth, and thrashed around as much as possible. Unfortunately this did absolutely nothing except make the man walk towards the van faster. I knew what it was and held my breath. DONT FORGET TO CHECK OUT THE PROFILE FOR NEWS AND UPDATES! The satisfied smile I wore slowly disappeared from my lips when she entered the room. Anxiously, I wondered what would happen. Even with the injuries, there was something alluringly beautiful about this creature… Then again, I've always had a weakness for cats, especially black ones. My dreaded suspicions were confirmed when he spoke, adjusting a pen in his lab-coat breast pocket. , he was knocked completely out. Except they will be BETTER! I know how frustrating it must be to just have it taken away from you. Thank you thank you thank you. Thank you again. Look at my wares. Very beautiful isn't it"? That's men's clothing. I'm going to be married soon". Ah, a tailor's store. She took out a knife and started cutting. The tailor looked up surprised. Their eyes met. My boat's going there. the girl said, tilting her head studying the man before her. Some say so but I have one of the best boat and crews you'll ever find. It is better to go armed than to have nothing. The reached the boat and got on. "He looks like a girl. Aiden kept her face carefully blank. Instead, she studied Dom. This is Dom, my second in command. You better start cooking. Aiden had felt him watching her even before he had stopped by the doorway. "It's not done yet. "You should obey me. If you want to eat, then get out. He turned around. Aiden said and went back to her cooking. The captain turned and faced his second in command. There was a loud cheer as they entered the room. he asked hopefully. one sailor said. Aiden replied, her face blank. Cooky's tired. she asked". He's dangerous. Dom agreed. the voice said. Aiden shook her head. Why not? Then he sobered. They were both quiet for a while. (Example: Strip poker)3) Awkward moments (plural) where the couple attempts a kiss and gets interrupted. Both parties must be at least college-age. So I smiled back, preferring to be charming rather than rude or sarcastic. Unfortunately for Mr. Cashier, tonight was not a charity night and I wasn't looking for anything more than a healthy dose of sugar. I tossed my hair exaggeratedly and gave a great sigh as I shut the car door. It's cathartic, really. Or, in laymen's terms, the massive game of hide-and-seek that we've been playing every year since we were nine. My mother says it's because of the glue, but I think she says that because she's a kindergarten teacher and has to sniff it all day. Obviously the number of people playing has changed from year to year, and we can't always get all of us there since we're all off in college and getting educated and all of that, but for the most part the core of the game has remained the same. I've been getting death threats on Facebook for like a week now. I informed her. I had no idea what she meant about the attention part though, seeing as I hadn't had an actual boyfriend for a couple of years and was in no hurry to pick a steady boyfriend out of the miscreant male hoards we go to school with. It's like going to the pet store—you know you're not going to buy the dog, but that doesn't stop you from taking the dog out of its cage so you can play with it for an hour or so. Or maybe it's because I expect general evilness from her, so when something is truly dark it stands out even more. There was no pretending with this one – she knew all about that. Before, we'd gotten along just fine; after, we got along a little too fine. On top of that, they always hire someone to cater and the wet bar is overflowing with eggnog and other essentials. I've always had a thing for good hair. And I definitely hadn't known that he'd wanted to do that, but at that moment the chemistry was pretty clear to both of us. It took a few seconds before I realized that Erin was speaking again. He's kind of the creator of the game, so it always seems a little more right when he gets to preside over things. Afterwards, we'd pay for dinner – the Harrises weren't that generous – and then the guys and girls would split up into their factions and get ready. Once he'd locked Erin in the hall closet for three hours and when his parents asked where she was, he blithely lied,  They'd known he was lying, though, because he used my full name. Serves him right, the sly bastard. As the doors closed behind us, Erin patted me on the arm and winked. When the last brother – Mark – arrived and sat on Justin's other side, the two exchanged this evil smirk and I knew the dear cousin had arrived. Falling to the ground in a puddle would not send the right message at all. I glared at him but I didn't take my foot away, which made him smirk even more. Let's just say some people were pretty creative with their insults. An older woman came into the bathroom at some point and gave us a strange look, probably thinking we were talking about drug stashes, before disappearing into a stall. I rolled my eyes and put my hands on my hips. This was the part where I broke away haughtily and sauntered back to the table, as though his close physical presence didn't actually do anything to me. he sulked, and looked at my lips again. He began to lean closer, and his head begin to tilt, and my eyes fluttered close and my pulse went crazy and all I could think about was that damn tongue of his and what he could do with it. What kind of girl would I be if I just let him push me against walls and make little fires in my body every time he so much as looked at me? But I could tell – the game between us was on now. My friends are the best, let's be honest. Erin brought over the baseball caps and they made sure that each paper was folded and in the right cap. And there were plenty of those. I repeated. It looked good on all the boys, but on Charlie, it was something else entirely. The named girl stood and bowed, and Greg scowled at her. Not that they were particularly trying. The smug little grin on his face was only further proof of that. Chelsea, of course, would be our lone hunter, prowling the grounds with a flashlight in one hand and a super-soaker in the other. It's our sure-fired way to mark those who've been  from those who haven't – drown 'em. Talk about spoils of war. Or did he think that by feeding me he could butter me up and get me to do something really kinky after the party tomorrow? Sniffle. I loved the pre-game high, and every time I glanced over at Erin she grinned at me and I knew we were thinking the same thing: Fucking Awesome. Some of them were beyond funny and by the time I'd begun filling the bottle up with fountain water I was laughing and grinning like an idiot. Let's just say the Dixie cup had never looked better. I could feel his warm breath on my neck and it was terribly distracting. It wasn't over yet, but I had high hopes. I felt flushed and distracted, and though I knew it was a recipe for disaster it certainly didn't stop my mind from wandering into forbidden territory. This was an advantage I definitely needed, considering my head was so not in the game. I grinned at the news and quickly texted Erin back, knowing she was totally loving this development. I might send a couple girls your way. Where the hell are you, Addles? I still didn't quite trust myself to behave. But some girls – even some guys – didn't always relish the thought of hauling themselves up limb by limb, so my awesome hiding spot wasn't necessarily accessible to everybody. I'd have to make sure she came back to play with us next year. Your ass is mine. It should not have turned me on as much as it did, but then again, generally being in the same room with Charlie tended to have that effect on me. He didn't need to know how easily he could make me a wet hot mess. God damn, he was good. And I was feeling very, very primitive right now. Oh, he had my attention, all right. His eyes were dark in the dim light, almost black, and he took my scrutiny patiently, his face remarkably composed considering he was still occasionally rubbing himself against me. I felt breathless, and a little elated. Not right at all. Since there were only about ten minutes left in the game, we didn't bother to scramble for another hiding place and instead began walking back towards the fountain. he said, before I could begin impressing him with elaborate insults. And everything had started so promisingly! I announced, flipping my phone shut and starting for the fountain. Chelsea wholeheartedly agreed, and then rubbed her hands together. Justin was far to preoccupied with preening in front of Chelsea to see us coming, and between the three of us we managed to pick him up and toss him in. And then Charlie had me off my feet and we were moving back to the fountain. My eyes settled on Charlie, who perched near the edge of the fountain with an incredibly pleased look on his face. He asked, feigning doubt. He was right – totally and completely right – and we both knew it. It was a familiar position to both of us and, perhaps, not a very wise one, all things considered. I curled my leg around him even more, pushing his hips into mine, and tangled my fingers in his hair. On the arm. So, he didn't have the blonde hair, but he was still considered the golden boy on campus. oh, and my best friend since 5th grade. I pouted. It was actually my Dad. Only him. I watched him carefully since his face had guilt written all over it. I released him and sunk against the lockers. Andy conceded. This is testament to guys coming up and almost asking me. I hated him more than I hated Kate Fields. I hate them. At maximum 10 feet away, which is not very far. Andy seemed really pisst off. Just held a firm grip on my wrist and led me to our first class. He was tall for a freshmen, and everyone knew he would still be growing. Was he going to come back to her and apologize for all the things he said? I'll be trying to update my other stories too. My family is a disgustingly obese genealogy book; it's the sort with big glossy black-and-white photos and sprawling lineage trees, coupled with the ever-present musty smell of the hundreds of dollar bills the capitalist lords overcharged you for it wafting at you through the gold-tinted, India-ink printed pages. Like it's expected for children at the age of five or six to learn how to ride a bike or recite their ABCs, it's expected for my sister Angela and myself to marry rich and continue on the family tradition of being the rich snobs that our families have always been. 2 million dollars every month for doing nothing but sitting on your rear, typing meaningless numbers into a computer database, all the while providing millions of dollars in refined oil to power the world's most economically sound countries, would you turn it down? But, I digress back to the topic at hand: my own personal . This pseudo-happiness ended however when my younger sister Angela arrived. Besides, neither my father nor myself has ever gotten along very well with the other, and I've just chalked it up to my being the first big disappointment of his life. But, we waited in vain as our darling father was too busy arranging little Rick's exclusive scholarships to exclusive all-male prep schools to attend such petty affairs as our Sweet Sixteen parties. But, I won't get too detailed. . Anything to save me from the unspeakable show of sugary x-rated display of affection, which should be called Rampage of Hormones instead. Especially if one's reaction to such things is loss of lunch, or whatever meal preceded said unwanted live show. Over what? What remains to be seen, however, is whether or not we're to get together in this lifetime. I know no matter what I say, she'll just stick with the you're-jealous-but-I-really-enjoy-rubbing-it-in-your-face-while-I-act-like-a-caring-long-suffering-friend act. I'm bitter in terms of relationships. Makes you wonder why we're  (again, note use of quotation marks) to begin with. While I may be popular because of my father's money (though it pains me to admit, this truly is my ticket into the In-Crowd, of which I am now one of those who reign), Melissa is the proverbial Barbie. I embrace the role completely, I wish others would just be as accepting. Most jocks, with the exception of few, may think with the apparatus between their legs and that may be the only thinking they'll ever do in their life, but I can say in confidence that at least they are not as nasty as their female counterparts. But Mel on a bad day is nothing compared to Shanna everyday. Must keep the balance after all. She's thatbeautiful. Pure evilness wrapped in an angel's skin. I rolled my eyes and looked away, keeping my eyes glued on the row of boutiques to my right. And it was my idea they hold a fundraiser in the form of a ball. I'm going to show them I am not as un-dateable as they've branded me to be! If only he didn't try to bite my lower lip. Probably shoplifted most, if not all, the things she's carrying. But what immediately draw your attention were her eyes: very light brown and large for her small face, which can be described as elfin. Immensely. Especially her habit of buying people and whatever it is she wanted. Krista was probably waiting at the fifth floor. One of her bags banged against my leg. And I don't care if she did. Demon eyes, they were called back in the day when she was secretly called a witch, a name anyone acquainted with her knew she was not undeserving. Maybe she recognized me? I refuse to play her lapdog once more. And when had she ever learned that word? Who needs Extreme Makeover when you have a girlfriend? I blame my colleague Jo, for introducing me to the wonderful, addictive world of tiramisu. Oxygen anyone? What ever happened to cooties? Cookie dough itself should be one of the five main food groups; it is that good. The kind of eyes ninety-eight percent of the female population would want to melt into – possibly including me. Did I mention he doesn't talk much? I always did love men who take action. Must be some kind of record. Not what I was hoping either. You know, once you get past the scare factor, he's actually semi-human. Heaven. (Albeit, a very nice looking one. I woke up singing Jingle Bells. My statement or the way I grabbed him by the arm and hauled him into my kitchen, intent on tying him to a chair and force-feeding him cookie-dough. You don't have to be perceptive to realise that they're (in the wise words of relationship guru Beyonce Knowles) 'crazy in love' with each other. Obviously I'm right. ) He didn't stand a chance. Me – knows opportunity when I see one. Ha. Classic. I don't think Charlotte finds that attractive. I've probably cut ten years off his life span. It took me three years of practising in the mirror to master the art of eyebrow raising and even now I people sometimes think I'm about to have an epileptic fit. I should have known. Most of the time. In guy talk that basically means 'hell yes and it's totally freaking me out! Have a five year old girl come up to you and announce 'E equals MC squared' and there's a ninety-nine percent chance you'll think her mum's slipped her the ecstasy instead of the vitamin C. Have an old guy, preferably with a beard and a bad hair day, claim the exact same thing and next thing you know he's hailed a genius. By the way they were staring at me you'd think I'd just told them I gave birth to an alien. Charlotte just looked concerned for my state of mental health. You didn't really think I was just going to leave them there did you? Rubbing my forehead, I whipped around and saw Christian standing there wearing a (god forbid) blue shirt (he must have run out of black ones) eyeing me suspiciously. Focus on the plan. And it doesn't feel all that unpleasant. And okay, so I technically might have been filming my best friends without their initial consent, but I'm sure they'd appreciate this fifty years down the track when I showed their grandchildren video footage on how their love blossomed on a sunny Saturday afternoon in the scenic location of my backyard. I glanced up to find Christian staring at me intensely and felt my stomach flip. If he knew I felt sorry for him he'd just get angry. Only ten times worse. I'm sure. Hm. Did he just - ? Being hunt down by a rival bikie gang? I was dying of suspense here! Honest. Still have no idea what the heck he's on about. I quickly glanced up and reddened as he studied me, a mixture of amusement and irritation. I would have squealed – if I didn't think he'd incinerate me with his glare. So why does it feel like I've been slapped across the face? KA-THUMP. Why must you be so unfair? I demanded. If heaven is half as dreamy as Christian Ridge's smile then I'll gladly sacrifice my time on planet Earth. It felt new and unfamiliar but at the same time sort of wonderful. . That sure wiped out his self-satisfied smirk. Do I have to do everything for the boy? ) sprawled along the cushions, and his face glued to my fifty-inch plasma as we battled our way through a game of Super Mario Smash Brawl on my Nintendo Wii. Men and their egos. ) But he made me laugh and could be quite the big softie when he wanted – being undeniably gorgeous was just an added bonus. For a brief second, I thought he might. I reached for a controller and grinned. I'll show him! Is he blind? I think I pulled a neck muscle. Even if it was designed for seven-year-olds) and right now he seemed to be experiencing some sort of emotional crisis. Only because Christian's my friend, and it's totally normal to feel possessive about your friends – right? And if I was stunned by his confession, nothing could have prepared me for the way he gently cupped my cheek in his hand, slowly leaned over, and kissed me. My heart was thudding so loud I'd probably deafened the entire Southern Hemisphere. Then leaned back, regarding me with his dark, bottom-less eyes. Majorly. Did I even know what I was feeling? Tu l'aime! Did Christian dump you or something? (Granted, she was talking about my white purse which I had just split grape Fanta all over, but I could see the connection. So I had no idea why I was standing on Christian Ridge's doorstep, half-praying he wasn't home, half-praying the ground beneath me would open up and swallow me. I think I'm about to faint. Although now that I think about it, the chances of a life-sized Barbie materialising in his hallway are pretty slim. The guy hadn't moved an inch since he opened the door. So he's still human after all. "(In case you haven't figured it out, that was my declaration of love. All that poking was starting to hurt my finger. What if it was all some sick joke? Not in front of him. Insane, unoriginal jerk who I happen to be completely crazy about. I was cut off because for the second time in my life, Christian Ridge kissed me. Only a brain transplant can save me now. I think my IQ just went into the negative numbers. It's hard to frown at guy with a face like that, who has just declared his like-almost-love for you. There's a thin line between love and hate. She was too tired to move. No one was that undeniably striking. Lifting her weak arm, Marina pointed to her rescuer, before falling into unconsciousness. She groaned and rolled her eyes, fumbling around for a light. Suddenly, a dim light came on, but Marina could tell it was a candle. Especially Marina's blood. They must had been Ludivine, Chrisina and Braden. Can't wait to read your reviews! Enjoy! And he seemed just right. You could always see the younger side of a man in his eyes. Her breath tickled his neck. She wondered just who he was, and why he picked her. He said, something Butterfly wasn't used to hearing. She began to stiffen and wait for him to hit her, anything, but instead he took a few steps away from her. They were so much smaller than his. Everyone called her mother, even clients. He said placing it into her delicate palm and squeezing her hands together. She didn't exactly know why she changed her mind; maybe it was because he was being kind to her. She stayed where she was as he moved to the door of the small bedroom. Not because they hadn't done anything, but because it didn't feel right. She managed to reach him before he left forever. She'd never told anyone her real name, and doing it made her feel giddy. Nothing was ever enough for Jack. I had been thinking about choosing Matt, my boyfriend of one-and-a-half years, but once I started writing it, all I could come up with was,  Then, I had gone on a long spiel about how the only thing about him that wasn't perfect was the fact that he had just about the most annoying best friend in the world. I would not stoop to his level. I never knew where I stood with Jack, and he was almost always impossible to read. But somehow, all of those characteristics combined with the usual smirk or mischievous wink made girls kind of… swoon. At least, when directed towards me. I opened my eyes as wide as they could go and looked at him crazily. The rest, as they say, was history. The smirk was still there, but it looked more forced and unnatural. Unfortunately, I was barely out of the door when Jack caught up to me. I made a move to leave, but he must have anticipated it because he blocked my way. Not like this. I was horrified to feel a strange tug at my heart. I'd seen him annoyed and even frustrated at times, but never outright angry. I asked angrily. I turned around so that he couldn't see my face. Then, he grinned. He turned around, and I stared at his back as he left. It was so… masculine that I couldn't but feel dizzy just by looking at it. Unfortunately, as I was walking down the narrow hallway, my way was blocked by exactly the person I was trying to get away from. Perfect. He understood me! Jack was witty and sharp and intelligent in a way that I only wished I could be, only he didn't use it. He was always laughing… not with me, but at me. Even then, I had been curious. It was his room. There was a pile of DVDs hanging haphazardly on top of a small TV, and next to it on the wall was a cluster of photographs. I wanted to know everything about him. His life. I grinned affectionately at them and continued to survey the rest of the pictures. If Jack didn't like Heather, then why did he have a picture of her in his room? I had wondered at the time why she had even bothered to come, but I knew now that it was just to see Jack. I was a complete mess, but I was laughing with such pure happiness and joy that I couldn't help but smile at the sight despite my pounding heart. And it was one of me acting crazy and uninhibited. I had a boyfriend, and that boyfriend was his own best friend. he asked finally. Clean, like soap and laundry detergent, but most of all, he smelled like himself. This was nothing. He rubbed the back of his neck feverishly. Not knowing what to do, I turned around slowly. Matt was amazing and perfect, and I cared for him. However, once it was in my mouth, I blanched. Everyone was staring wide-eyed at me. I didn't know how else to describe it. It was no big deal. He didn't even know that I loved mustard. Around him, I wasn't constantly watching myself, making sure I was being perfect. When I was with Matt, all I could think about was Jack, and when I was with Jack, I could hardly think at all. We were finally alone. I'm not perfect… or close to it, even. Taking a deep breath, I looked into Matt's beautiful eyes and steeled myself. Like a load had been lifted off of my shoulders. Jack and Matt were best friends, and I was just some girl. Which was why when he found me after school and pulled me into another empty classroom, I panicked. I said finally. No girl – especially not me – was worth the end of their friendship. He must have seen something in my expression because he looked kind of alarmed and shook his head. I didn't want Jack to change at all. He liked my boring brown hair and terrible singing. When we finally pulled apart, he was cupping my face gently with his hand, and I was out of breath. I blinked, now feeling bad. He wasn't looking at me anymore, and his voice sounded strange. And apparently, so did Jack. Because as much as I loved mustard, tasting its zesty flavor couldn't quite top the fluttery feeling I got when I saw Jack. . And look, I'm not a saint or anything — I mostly did all that stuff because I liked the feeling of sneaking around and doing things in secret and since I was never creative enough for pranks and I would have felt guilty if someone had gotten hurt anyway, I stuck mostly to good deeds. Anonymous good deed for the day done. The little girl didn't look like much, but there was a lot of energy packed in her tiny limbs. Not to mention, I might have had nightmares for the rest of my life if something had happened to her because I had been foolish enough to let go. It's almost like that part of the story had just been wiped away from my memory. I tried to be a little more reassuring by wrapping myself more tightly around her. When I couldn't hold my mouth closed any longer, my lungs contracted and I coughed up a liquid I later identified as my blood. He had sunglasses to shield his eyes, but I had no doubt that the expression in them was one of horror. The girl escaped the incident without so much as a scratch, which was doubly important, considering she was the president's daughter and all. The rest of the world knew about the five-hour surgery and the wounds I sustained before I did. And even if lilies didn't make me sneeze out my internal organs, I find the whole idea of giving cut flowers a little ridiculous. And that doesn't even compare to the shenanigans that ensued afterwards. I don't know if you've ever tried to heal from two broken ribs and a collapsed lung, but sneezing every six seconds doesn't help. I greeted them with a grimace before sneezing again. Apologetic, perhaps? Or the president's daughter, as everyone else seemed to know her. The minute he let go of her she stomped her pretty white shoes all over the ground, making sure to create as much commotion as possible as she left. Besides, what's one more bouquet when I practically had an entire florist's shop in my room? She lost her head with excitement over it while the other nurses, my mother and I laughed hysterically for a week. He was eating the Jell-O from the dinner I hadn't touched. While none of my friends or family had been there at the parade with me, he was the first to know about the incident because he was watching CNN at the time. As he walked down the steps, he waved and smiled winningly at the cameras as the president and first lady did the same. So far he had been accepted to Columbia, Yale and Harvard, but he was waiting to hear back from all the schools he had applied to before making a decision. In person he was even more beautiful, but his smile and easy demeanor erased any uneasiness I might have felt when addressing someone as attractive as him. And I found myself in Love with a man that I really shouldn't love. I am just an object another pawn in his world. He has greater things to do then love. His body takes up most of the bed reflecting his power. Tears are a sign of weakness. My only comfort is that he trusts me- well he trusts no one as he says but I think he does me. I see things that others wouldn't even notice. A man who killed my father. It makes me feel sick I can feel my stomach turning in knots. I wonder if he can sense the emotion rippling through me. Review! New room. Just what was I thinking? What happens when the bulbs blow? It's the smoke. Yes. It'll be ok. I just need to relax a bit. And for a fucking icepick! They stare. "Bit my fucking cheek. Interesting eyes. I'm supposed to help my roommate. There's stacks in there". We'll get on fine. I'm in my second year. Eng. Would you like an antiseptic wet-wipe? Fuck me. . What d'you reckon to that? We are going to have fun together. . . . "Occasionally I piss the bed. What was that? "I need the practice. Can you imagine it? Don't say I didn't warn you. No, I'm not done! I won't get that low of a mark. It's probably due to the fact that just his smell rids my head of any rational thought I've ever had. I landed on his chest and tried to ignore my face heating up. I muttered, twitching. He was off to the states visiting his cousins, but you never know what could've happened. He buried his face in my hair. He grinned suggestively here. I gasped, struggling to escape. he murmured. I said in a hiss, face burning brightly. I gave Brandon a reprimanding look and he just shrugged. He studiously ignored me. I had no doubt that he was heading towards his car and drive us somewhere more private. He chuckled triumphantly and pressed a kiss to my temple. He had a thing where he had spontaneous moments when he carried me in his arms. I tried to ignore the familiar build of excitement in my chest and tried to stop myself from shifting too much. Almost immediately, he was at my side with his arm casually around my waist. His response was leaning down to kiss my cheek. he asked, absentmindedly playing with my hair. I added. Lord know how he'll react. He was the type of person I strived to avoid during high school. Like the side of the pool my students were currently splashing each other in. How can they not splash each other? Despite his reluctance, he always did as he was told. I smiled and walked over to him (as best I could in the water, anyway). I grabbed my pink towel and wrapped it around myself. But when he smiled down at me, I didn't think it mattered. His voice was soft and his eyes were intent and I couldn't stop the blush that rose to my face. I asked, nudging him. he said lowly, his eyes trained forward, but I knew he was looking at something I couldn't see. But then they moved abruptly without warning, her telling him it was best if they broke up. He looked too deep in thought to be bothered. I know where he's coming from, especially since he found out that she was back. Minus all the hugs, kisses, and smiles. I teased before she left with a smack to my shoulder. But I could hear everything, and this wasn't a conversation I would like to eavesdrop on. Determined, I flipped the pages and tried to ignore their voices. Stay calm. When did they leave? It wasn't like I loved him anyway. His mouth opened and closed, and I saw something in his eyes—something I didn't want to decipher—so I looked at Bree who was staring at me with a wounded expression. I added as I began to walk out of the library. I needed to breathe—I needed to think. Jonnie blabbered about her grade. she said, her voice strange. I said breezily, heading towards my locker. But even so, I found myself relishing in his warmth and safety. I told myself that there was plenty of fish in the sea (I hated that metaphor) and that I didn't love him anyway. I'm made of tougher stuff than that. I'm halfway to recovering! I said laughingly. So if that happiness was with Bree, then I accept it, no questions asked. I laughed at his horrified face. I didn't need this now. But threatening to fire someone? I said, suddenly tired. When he lifted his eyes, I felt a sharp cut through me when I saw the hurt and pain reflecting. Puzzled (though not unhappy), I twisted around to raise an eyebrow. he quoted dryly. And then me. My lips were swollen by the time he was through with them. Laughing, I turned my head and I felt him smile against my skin. I said aloud. I furrowed my eyebrows. That connection will always be there as long as… as long as she's special to him. he added with a cheeky grin when I felt my face flame,  he ended, trying to maintain the last ounce of dignity he had as a male. But he told me once that was the only time he felt helpless because he couldn't do anything to make whatever bad feeling I had go away. He grinned a little and kissed my cheek briefly. I glanced at Brandon who was staring at me with a transfixed expression before shrugging and nodded towards Bree. She was gorgeous, and it wasn't hard to figure out why Brandon loved her. I broke off and stayed silent. She smiled a little. Gosh. As it reached its destination and slowed to a stop, I had to straighten up and start pretending again before doors opened. I unbuttoned my heavy winter coat and practiced my Russian accent in my head. As the elevator began to slow, I swallowed, not feeling too relieved anymore. I tried to make sure there was no trace of an American accent. I found apartment 506, taking a deep breath before knocking. she greeted in a smoker's voice. I met her eyes and gave her a normal answer. I was an operational logistics officer for the Central Intelligence Agency. It looked like it could all fit. I brought in the computers, the tech, the gear, and even stocked the fridge, but I was always gone before the operation even started. I just knew the apartment needed to have a clear view of the car dealership across the street. I had already arranged for a telephoto lens to be brought in for the agents to get decent pictures of whatever was down there. I replied. Considering I only had two days until go-time, I hoped she could keep her word. Everything was still relatively new to me, but I was still slightly ashamed at the amount of nerves I had. Just as a precaution, I avoided looking into the windows. He didn't get into Harvard, but he was getting paid a nice chunk of change to provide ground support for agents in Moscow. I yanked the passenger door open, quickly got in, and slammed it shut. His skin was still warm and I couldn't help noticing how young he looked. I just stared at his face, listening to the cars drive by and the deafening pounding of my heart. I needed to get out of here. I could try to get to the metro that way. I needed to call in. This guy was shooting at me at 9:30 in the morning? No one was going to come to help me. I doubted it even worked. It wasn't as easy as it had been in such a controlled environment. Luckily, I only heard one pair of shoes. He was getting closer and I desperately tried to think of options. The sound of his boots had stopped. I was glad for the thickness of my jacket because I could feel glass cutting into the material as the man pressed me up against it. His hands found my neck and squeezed hard. I had been taught to deny, deny, deny. The shot reverberated in the garage and I quickly jumped up, picking up the Makarov that was lying near the back wheel of the Hyundai. Two bullets took him in the upper stomach. I lowered the gun and swallowed hard, my neck still on fire and my throat still burning. He made a terrible sound, a sort of half-moan, half-sob. But I couldn't move. My leg was jiggling up and down as I was stopped at a red light, bouncing the gun on my lap. I tapped the  button of the elevator over and over until it finally arrived. I made my way to the third apartment down and fumbled in my jeans' pocket for the keys, unlocking its three locks with trembling hands. I could feel their tracks on my cheeks. Standing up, he looked at me with wide eyes. Even though he was smarter than everyone around him, he didn't have much confidence and often spoke in a soft, hushed manner. He put the box on the kitchen counter, gave Danny a questioning look, and then met my eyes. My hands were still shaking. They seemed to change each day. He pushed a box off of it and sat me down. I could hear Boone talking in the bedroom down the hallway. he said calmly. I knew there was a first aid kit in there; I had stocked it myself. I inhaled sharply as he touched the cloth to my eyebrow. They had never mentioned the name Vasili Volkov. he assured me. I had only known him eight months, but not once had I seen him lose his head. He knew the answer to that question. The warmth of his fingers made goosebumps break out over the coolness of my skin. She sounded disappointed but wished me luck on the promotion. Since I had taken a language course at Langley, I had a passable West Country English accent. I kept reliving the morning over and over in my head. Somehow, I didn't find that reassuring. Running his hand through his hair and causing it to stick up in tufts, he looked like he was still half-asleep, his eyes hooded. He was telling me not to worry about the debriefing. I made my way back to my seat, finished the magazine, and closed my eyes, but was still unable to sleep. No one even looked at me as I opened the door and closed it behind me. I recounted the whole story, from Danny, Boone, and my's arrival to Moscow a week earlier, to assembling the gear needed for the operation, to finding and visiting the apartment, to finding Dimitri and the events that led up to the incident in the garage. Since we were strictly pre-operational, I found that odd. The taxi driver was silent as we drove toward town, occasionally humming along to Mozart's Symphony 40 coming from the radio. I unlocked it quietly and stepped into the darkness of my living room. I got a glass out of the cabinet and opened the fridge, pulling out the Brita filter and filling up the glass. he asked, looking at the gauze on my eyebrow. He didn't look surprised anymore when I came home later than I was supposed to or disappeared without warning. he stated. The temperature knob on the oven had been broken, though, and the turkey had burned beyond repair and we were forced to eat canned beans and corn because none of us wanted to venture out into the subzero temperatures. I resented the way my job managed to constantly interfere with my personal life. I really didn't, but I could still see him when I closed my eyes. When I turned back around, Ben was facing the other way, his eyes open. When I didn't answer, he put a hand on my shoulder and squeezed. Please let me know what you think! Although the general population of students also tried hard to get to the tater tots, two individuals were the main soldiers of the war: Hannah Ayers and Jake Allen. Hannah faced him furiously, taking in his familiar green eyes and brown hair. she smirked. People moved around her and Jake as though they were used to them hashing it out and holding up the line. Since he was a good six inches taller than she was, Hannah had to look up to meet his eyes. There was no escaping him; there never had been. Hannah tended to tune out everything that could even potentially involve Jake. In retaliation, Hannah had hit him in the face with his own toy fire truck, leaving a gash behind. Of course, Hannah had taken her orange plastic pumpkin and beat Jake over the head with it until the mothers broke them apart. Following punishment for their naughty behavior, the mothers had eventually laughed, and since then, there was a cake fight at every birthday. So when he got that new dirt bike a month later, she'd deflated the tires. The sight of blood, unfortunately, made Hannah pass out, so Jake took the opportunity to cut a gap of hair from the back of her head. Hannah had ignored Tisha's pleas to slow down earlier and expected a lecture about it, but clearly Libby was the one Tisha had issues with. Not caring for the conversation, Hannah tore open her bag of Fritos and started munching. Of course she was a cheerleader. She also had a prominent role on the Kickline, Butler's dance team. Several other guys were sitting at their table, munching on tater tots (to Hannah's annoyance), but all of them were engaging in other conversations. As Libby once said, if there were justice in the world, Hannah would weigh three hundred pounds. Jake, Ethan, and Brent were on their way over. She plays so hard to get, Hannah noted mentally. Clearly, Tisha blamed Libby's kiss for Brent's uncharacteristic quietness. Jake probably spit on it. Jake had, naturally, taken her seat. The jerk had just swiped a tater tot from her napkin, and it apparently wasn't the first one either, given that the majority of them had disappeared. She left the cafeteria quickly and retreated to the library, thankful for some peace and quiet. Even so, Hannah made her way into the kitchen. Patricia greeted innocently from where she was stirring something at the stovetop. Since Jake should have been at basketball practice, Hannah had assumed she was safe. Hannah stood up and retrieved milk from the refrigerator in fast, easy motions. Finally, she shrugged. Jake had even performed a miracle and gotten Isaac interested in football, and now he was transforming Isaac into a basketball player. The adults had finally given up and just chalked it up as something to be amused by. Then Jake and Hannah had been punished, but when Hannah's stitches were removed, the two were at war again. She shifted in her seat, unable to stay calm when he was lying. Hopefully Jake would still be around when Hannah went downstairs, just so she could rub her date-like appearance in his face. Gosh, I was way more subtle than that. Was he laughing at me? It was like a sledgehammer swung down out of nowhere and hit you right in the heart. That, coupled with the way his entire face lit up when he laughed, was almost enough to pull me across the room, place myself next to him, and introduce myself. I froze under the onslaught of that blue gaze and he grinned. I hoped that was his real eye color, because if it wasn't, I was going to be so pissed. That was all. The main question was not why I'd gone alone, but why I was still alone. But first, I needed a drink. Still, I had met some nice new people and done a fair bit of flailing about on the dance floor. But on the whole journey back, I was ten paces behind him and his friend. Even so, they made no move to stop me. I was too busy trying to keep upright and in the shadows while watching the two of them enter their block. The gate clanged shut but I could still hear the sound of their laughter. As it turned out, the odds were very much against me indeed. I saw him at the in-campus grocery store; on the campus shuttle bus; in the cafeteria… Everywhere. Not… this. she sighed. Sort of. I should've feigned ignorance and escaped as soon as I could have. But he had really nice cheekbones and a firm jaw-line. I wondered what his ringtone sounded like. Must've been the European blood in him. Huh. he said, said eyes dancing when I looked into them. So that, you know, he wouldn't think I was only good at stalking. Probably. He was always out with his friends. I did wonder why he was willing to take the time out to talk to someone he considered a stalker, but never brought up the topic. He'd given me his name the day we'd met, but I was so used to referring to him as 'Blue Eyes' that I hadn't put much effort into remembering his real name. But of course, he would never let me forget it. I swear. I don't assume every German has blue eyes, do I? he said. Hadn't I given him enough openings? As I slowly walked towards them, I observed that his entire body was turned towards her and his whole face was lit up. I would say hi politely, smile at them, and, after an appropriate amount of time, calmly leave. Even the label 'friend' – heck, even 'a stalker I've been talking to for five weeks now' – would've been better than nothing. Imagine fantasizing about being the girl he was head over heels for – what were the chances of that happening, right? I couldn't get in the way of that. I could find a replacement stalkee in no time. Until he appeared out of nowhere while I was heading for tutorial. I laughed, but it came out sounding a little false. He laughed. So that I could pump up his balloon of a male ego? I cast a panicked glance around and spotted some random guy with large white headphones… My savior. Right? I'd be fine after a few hours' rest. Plus, I didn't really like chocolate anyway. I told her as much. Someday. Besides, I reasoned, the chances of running into him in this rain were close to none. He was the sunshine kind of boy. I was considering ducking back round the corner and heading another way when he turned and caught sight of me. I probably deserved it, considering my last words to him. I changed the subject. I felt so bad for him that I couldn't find it in me to feel happy that he was single again. He looked like he'd just thought of something that had pissed him off and resolved his determination at the same time. And that he was going to catch a cold if he stayed out in the rain like that. he said. He didn't have to go all nasty like that. He could have freakish rainbow-colored eyes for all I cared – I would still feel the same way about him. Well, not exactly under, because he was too tall for it to fit directly over his head. She was perfect for him. He must've been freezing out there in the rain. The third time was the longest yet. I also didn't like it that I was the reason he was so frustrated. Mushy scenes like these really weren't my cup of tea. I was starting to feel bad now. Then he tangled a hand in my hair and pulled me closer to kiss me properly, and I forgot about all the cold for a little while. But this kiss, right here, right now, with the right guy – it surely was the best I'd ever had. I would stand out in the rain for an hour if that was all it took to feel this way, to have him look at me this way – all of the time. But enough about me. Oh, well! She also said that when my father realised he'd made a mistake in leaving us, he'd be back. It was almost comical. And somehow along the way my heart, mind and soul became shackled and twisted within their story. I wanted a fresh start, a new leaf, the whole shindig. My heart was pounding as the title read, 'THE FACE OF DEATH' and my eyes scanned over the text, filling with horror. He was let out for good behaviour, 15 years prior to his court sentence. He murdered someone. She was stunning, obviously, and her father had a wallet measuring up to the size of Russia. I had no one. She was holding a bouquet of a hundred exquisite long-stemmed, large-headed red roses, sprinkled with sparkling diamanté pins. There was a card, neatly attached to the side, and with shaking fingers I set the bouquet on the table. I picked the card from the plastic and turned over the neat red envelope. It was completely blank on the front and back. My eyes moved back to the card, and in neat, precise handwriting, were the words. Paula, the receptionist, peered over my shoulder at the letter. I swallowed guiltily. I was never too bad at singing, but it wouldn't be something I should ever take up as a career. I cast my eyes into the mirror as I set off in afterthought, seeing the same black car, but I thought nothing more of it. I had a walk-in wardrobe -every girl's fantasy- and an antique dressing table, filled with makeup and hair clips. But it was quite obvious who the girl with short blonde hair and a vulnerable face was. I finished off their story book with a picture of their hands, interlocked through the bars of his cell. Sucking on my bottom lip, I sat in one of the metal garden chairs around the table, putting my feet up and letting the breeze blow up the hem of my skirt, cooling down my legs. Just to cure my curiosity, then I'd leave. Settling down onto my settee, I glanced back at the large image, before sighing softly and switching on the television. The sun was pouring in through the cracks in the curtains, but it was also raining, I could hear it hitting the windows. I would explain that he got the wrong person, but that I'd keep the pretty flowers that looked stunning in the centre of my kitchen table. I flicked the fringe from my eyes, which were drooped and surrounded by black, blue and purple tell-tale signs of insomnia. I left my hair curly, around my shoulders, and put silver onto the top of my eye lids, before adding the usual eye makeup and hunted down my purse. Swallowing down my pride, I sidled up to the doormen. He frowned, casting his eyes up to me. Everybody here was good looking. There was a pause, and then a woman's voice replied. The bouncer stepped back out quickly; giving me a look I couldn't decipher. It was cold beneath my warm hand which was still flushed from the heat of the club, and took a deep breath before pushing it open. Her voice was the sickening, thickly coated in honey that would wrap around your neck and make you choke. His eyes were travelling up and down my body and his face was covered by a gentle smirk, which made my stomach ache. They way he was looking at me… like I was a piece of meat. I refused to meet his eyes, instead glancing past his shoulder to stop any tears. He'd completely changed, except for his eyes. Pushing him away, I backed off, catching him off guard, and pressed my back against the furthest wall away from him. Trying to get away from the past, once and for all. I was being groped around the hips by a man who killed… Kills still, for all I knew. But I couldn't take it. Shaking my head at him, I turned, bag on my arm and started running out of the club. I told the driver my address, and watched embarrassingly as the bouncer handed him the money. Leo had looked so fearless, but next to Nathan, he was almost priestly. Obviously so, I thought as I swallowed the bile raised in my throat. I gave a short answer, and I think he got the idea that I wasn't in the right mood to talk. I pressed play on the message, and felt my heart pound with anxiety, for it might be him. I glanced at the mail bin beside the phone, down in dismay at the other bills I hadn't got around to paying. My gut churned, and I turned my face up to look at the image on the other side of the room -on the other side of the world to me- of a boy and a girl hopelessly, pathetically, madly in shameful childish love. . Lists on rare words or quotes or random facts that she had read in this or that. It had been memorized long ago. to psychology, decided that she needed realistic goals for herself instead of just passing her classes. To say it was just a little bit depressing was quite an understatement. It wasn't that she was pleased waiting on the sidelines, watching Toby flirt or meet the ones he introduced as his girlfriends, but she had always hoped that one day, he would look up and see her there. Six months earlier, Violet had gotten married and moved to London with her new husband and though the two women talked to one another at least four times a week, Olivia still missed her horribly. She absolutely despised flying. She would continue to ignore the voice-messages that Toby and Harry were constantly leaving for her on her cell phone and would simply go home, eat some Oreo cookies and watch some movies. She loved where she lived and had no desire to move to some cramped, over-priced studio apartment anywhere else in the city. Getting soaked was not something she wanted to suffer through. Her knee had gashed open and blood was slowly trickling down her leg. She was going to cry if she wanted to. They were so deep, it was almost a sapphire color. They had fought and butted heads almost immediately and every time afterwards, they always picked fights with one another. She needed to hold onto something and he seemed to understand this for he didn't comment on it. She hated to admit it but he looked better. It was as if getting a rise out of her brought him joy. She was a copy editor- not exactly the most glamorous job in the world though she could not complain. he told her as if she hadn't known or hadn't thought about that already. She nearly shouted at him, tears spilling down her cheeks. He stood up and then before she could demand of him to put her down, he scooped her in his arms, lifting her up easily enough. Interesting. Violet had been a dietician and Olivia had asked her for her help more than once but she had always been refused, Violet saying that she was perfectly healthy at her current weight. It almost looked like concern but that was impossible. She didn't even understand what he was doing walking around in her neighborhood in the first place. She breathed a little heavier as he slowly removed her high heels, dropping the pair to the floor, and then carefully rested her foot on his thigh. he said softly. Sophia had only wanted to go to London when Olivia said that she was going to be visiting Violet and Jamie next month. She really did but sometimes, most of the time, she wanted something that she didn't have to share. They had only tolerated one another because of Violet and Jamie but now, they weren't even living in the same country anymore, meaning Olivia didn't have to put up with Ben anymore. He infuriated her. A/N: As always, thanks for reading and if you want, let me know what you think of this first chapter. My Beloved PrologueBritain, 482. Tents flapped in the wind, some burning, and the stench of blood and fire mingled in the air. She shoved the maid one last time and fell to the ground. They looted the unburned tents and herded the survivors into a group, killing the strong men and anyone who would not bow in submission. She was near death, her chest and arm a mass of crushed flesh. Thanks. Not that I don't like shoes on other people, because they can be totally cute, they just make me feel so, I don't know… restricted. At least, I'm not sworn against it or anything. One dance and the guy goes stalking her around the country side? Did Prince Erik ever stop to consider she might have opinions about running the kingdom or stem cell research or whatever underneath those gorgeous red locks? And fights and evil sorceress. That if we love someone, they'll turn beautiful? In a liking-weird-things way, not in a liking-people-getting-their-heads-chopped-off way, I mean. I have much more important things to think about like, say, my future. Sometimes I just can't help my wit from escaping. I've joined every club from future teachers of America to the Japanese Anime Club, even though I don't want to be a teacher and most Japanese anime makes me mad, because every single one of the girls is very well endowed in the chest area, which is totally unrealistic. Romantic. It will be amazing, I promise. Her hair always looked stupid when it was tied back. That way people wouldn't see the pain. Ms Adams was caught off guard". Well, he was big…actually, he was mixed with something else making him bigger than the average shepherd but we weren't entirely sure what it was since his features were predominantly that of a shepherd. He pulled you, forcing you to run and sometimes even sprint just to keep up with him and then suddenly stop to start barking at his own shadow, causing you to trip over your own feet when he picked up his animated step. After all, who wouldn't enjoy opening a prettily wrapped box to find a black lacy bra with a glittery baby blue bow on the left strap and the words OPEN ME written in the same color of the bow on each cup? I had lost count after 73. But, there he went, with his tail wagging back and forth. No, of course not. And, she might be right, considering that none of us had yet received the talk…not that we needed it…or, at least, I didn't, thanks. NO! I stood there, weighing my options (letting him go was seriously winning) as he got nearer and nearer to the corner but just as he turned the corner, I saw the flash of blue and remembered that I had to chase him. It was so obviously embarrassingly mine and everyone would know. I took a few more. I held out my hand. I had a mission and it was to get that bra back without anyone seeing it. And not just an open garage; an open garage with four guys sitting in plastic chairs, sipping a few sodas. So, I ran past them and I could feel their eyes burning into me as I kept chasing Nacho around the corner, where they could no longer see us as we passed a giant tree on the corner. Yeah, that one. The guys could no longer see me so it wouldn't be a problem but Nacho had his collar on and it had our address and I was sure they would go looking for the owners. there was no way I was taking full responsibility,  And with that, I went off into an embarrassing rant. The OPEN ME on each cup tantalizing me. And I should have expected his next words but I didn't want to admit it. I heard the chuckles and the murmurs as Nacho and I walked down the drive way but I ignored them. I just might not update that one very much anymore. I hope not. Please heed the rating. One could go far enough to say that he was amused by their fear, by the fact that even their weak awareness could scent the danger that seemed to roll off of him in waves. Violence was one of his many skills. What was it? Eyes the color silver, almost glowing as he broodingly searched the night. It seemed a rather ridiculous story. Everyone had laughed at the man, telling him that the idea was stupid. A waste, really…the world was better off without them, if their weakness was so strong. Open her arms to him, take him inside her? It was an activity he could take or leave; he didn't go out of his way often for it. And it was all too easy. Surely that couldn't be without its effects. Oh, God, yes. Wonderful. The elder recalled a bloody war that was fought in the earliest century over a Bride; foolish enemies had dared to threaten an Immortal's woman, thinking their own power a match for his anger. If it was true, and this was the effect of his Bride, then…. The Order of Nox was a large one, but wasn't one of the originals. Who gave a damn? The hatred was more like a deep irritation that escalated into violence, and now they warred every time they crossed paths. There had been a long pause since the last touch of foreign power, and now all he could feel was the average Night magic. Longer he waited, but nothing else came. He turned on his heel, about to launch off into the night. It was the Acquisition. School colors? The thing in the bed was, after all, simply mortal. His brow rose. Disgusting habit. Without much gentleness, he shoved the offensively orange top upward, baring her to his sight. But there was something about her that kept his eyes glued to her every breath, made him watch with frightening focus as her chest rose and fell in the peace of sleep. Peace covered her features, but her heart lifted a beat. The growl grew louder, that of a beast pleased. As if waiting for the caress of a lover, her body writhed, a moving softness beneath his palm. With a quick yank, he'd rid her of her the pants, removing the final barrier between them. Ecstasy gripped him, made his breath come out in a hiss as the luxurious heat of her surrounded him. Energy seemed to fill the air around them. The air snapped suddenly with electricity. His senses, still on a high, caught the scent of her, the beautiful mix of fragrances that combined with her own sweet scent. He gripped himself, preparing to take her. It crowded him. Anger was volcanic, spilling through him. He kept his hands away from her skin, resisting as black fury spread through him. Damn mortal. What was Fate thinking, setting such a disaster on him? It couldn't. Then, the room was gone. Her brow furrowed, and she hastily pulled her blankets up. Then what--? She shifted slightly, adjusting her pillow. that you can think of. But, a very sad truth has made itself known to me after visiting these countless conventions, that being, history is not a passion enjoyed overly much by nerds, but now I digress. My gaze was so avidly glued to his, I failed to notice the strange look Wally's best friend was giving me. Hmm, would have to work on that. I tried once more. ! Cigarettes, Stalkers, and Other Orgasmic Objects. Before I introduce myself though, let's get some facts straight, shall we? These cliques are the modern examples of the tribes and cast systems our ancient ancestors formed and will probably forever dominate human society. More giggles and stares are sent my way, more possible suitors line themselves up only to be rejected, and more rumors are spread about how ultra cool I am. ! Now that's enough from me on to the story. A firm hand at her elbow stopped her escape and she turned to glare at the owner of the hand on her skin, intent on making her get away from what she was beginning to consider her own personal hell. Short sun streaked brown hair framed an almost cherubic face, while hazel eyes twinkled at her mischievously. Her mind chanted, struggling to hold on to the feeling of righteous indignation, while Anna gave her the look that usually made her instantly concede defeat. Now all I need to do is find the door without making a complete fool of myself. His movement halted abruptly as a refreshing scent teased his senses. Tonight however, it seemed intent on ignoring his wishes continuing to push against his mental confines. Can you not smell her? Damn it. Moonlight bathed her creamy skin and her jet black hair practically glowed in the low light. Beautiful. He wasn't overly built, his body seemed to have more of a swimmers build, long legs and well toned chest and despite her usual avoidance of the opposite sex she found herself stepping forward. "What is your name? You're my mate, so you'll be noble as soon as I claim you. Spinning out of his grasp, she glared at Sebastian's crestfallen face, refusing to feel sympathy towards his plight. Her wrist jerked within his grasp. I'll see you next Monday. enjoy. . . It's men only. Forget it ever happened. I did everything I could for her. ! He tugged on his suit's tie feeling uncomfortable in the formal attire but he wanted to appear his best, to show his mate that he could provide and protect her. he replied. Once they had finished moving, Ryan began his quest. This is getting ridiculous, he growled. I want our mate Ryan, you should be doing more to find her. The man moved as though to speak but Ryan turned on his heel and began to walk towards the entrance; he was not in the mood to deal with people right now. He had therefore theorised that she had probably not reached maturity, which was why he had not found her yet, and if he made regular trips to the clans he would come across her eventually. The ringing of his phone provided a welcome reprieve from his practically rabid wolf and he answered quickly, barely suppressing a groan when he realised who was on the phone. If they were so lazy that they couldn't be bothered to cook for themselves then they should either starve or hire a chef. She had once threatened to never cook for them again should they leave it in the same condition as the rest of the house and they had apparently taken the threat to heart. There was no point in cooking what was likely the only home cooked meal they would eat for the week if it weren't made to their exact specifications. They had eventually accepted her decision though they made sure she was aware that they disapproved. Mumbled grunts of appreciation were thrown in her general direction as she placed plates of food in front of them. he stated calmly. Review and let me know what you think. Another wholesome breakfast ruined in the Harper house! According to my hormones anyway. 'Tis true. I mean, I haven't seen my best friend, Lucas, in two weeks since I want to rip his head off for no good reason except that I don't appreciate the smell of males wolves all that much lately. Yeah, I'm betting that would sound even worse out loud. I needed fur between my teeth—icky werewolf euphemism—before I had blood there. Chock full of ew. Ick. Mom loved her wooden floors as much as she loved her children. Oh, my deity, was it too late to get put up for adoption? The woman was as sneaky as a ninja. She encouraged. Except  had a a whole new meaning in this situation. ? Trust me, there's a difference. Casandra—another friend—had left them at my house a million years ago and had never got them back before she moved. Well, I have issues about the whole getting naked in public thing most wolves took to like breathing. Lucas had even said that I look more like a coyote instead of a big, bulky wolf. I had gotten it from my mom who's hair was entirely white. Luckily, a lot of forest rangers were wolves, so we could get away with things like this and not have to answer awkward questions. I got out as soon as Lucas stopped and pressed my nose against the window to pine over the pretty interior. He pointed out as we ignored the well marked trail and started picking our way through the underbrush in the opposite direction. A lot of packs only have these things with other packs since most people found the thought of losing their cherry (idealistically) to someone they grew up with repulsive. Especially for a werewolf. Oh, I was just a barrel of laughs tonight. No, not the gay porn thing, the human thing. Their filing system must be crap. The moon was up. Every time. It was the thing I liked best about being a wolf. I stuck my nose to the ground and looked for a scent. What the hell? Oh, I was drooling. Mine! My wolf track skills, while super sweet, were no match for hers, since in no time, the thunder of paws was right behind me. The black wolf was a guy. I wanted it so badly. I ended up on my hands and knees in the dirt. Period. Not with that car-and-cupcake smell surrounding me. A much louder sound escaped me. I whined in protest. His thumb passed over my leaking head and my whole body trembled. His fingers tightened around me. My pillow moved? Like it was curled up and taking a nice nap inside of me. Sitting down would not be pleasant for awhile. This was my exit. I wasn't even going to go there. Fuck the complementary toothbrush, selective amnesia worked for me. After that, it wasn't too long until I made it back to the road. ? It was awkward and sucked. You see, the gesture was a show of submission, he was putting himself lower than me. whoa. He would probably end up being a pack leader. I had still been in control, but not totally all there. I finally admitted. I tried to shake it off as he stood and opened the door to the Camaro. Meh. What would I do if I got one good whiff of him? I shook them off, my hands gripping my knees so hard my knuckles went white. I so needed to get home. I was officially a slut. I mean, he had liked me last night, but I was sure that was only because I was offering him sex. So it was the church. I could fit. Do I give off a clingy bitch vibe? So I wasn't ready to protest when he pushed forward and kissed me. I was about to climb onto his lap when my sanity crawled to the forefront of my head. He didn't look at me as he unlocked the door. And it was more than the fact that he was a great lay—not that I had much experience, but damn. He was huddled on the living room couch with a mug of coffee. My mom waylaid me two feet from my room to add to my glowing mood. I just felt dirty over the fact that I knew nothing about Piper but I had lost my last virginity to him. The scent of in-the-mood ladies should have overrode my latent homo-ness. Had he scented me or what he wanted to smell? so unlikely. I hesitated at hearing her speak my doctor's name. Maria was the only one I really talked to because she was fairly nice and wasn't sporadically random. she said, then centered her attention onto the girl next to me, who was leaning forward as she listened intently. Hell, was I ever bitter. For the new boy to appear so I could confirm my silly suspicions? He stood in a laid back, calm position, almost as if he was completely for living in a mental institution. . A sharp pang in my chest made me wince. Being human wasn't all he had thought it was. Reluctantly, he wrinkled his nose. I swallowed and looked away, pretending I hadn't noticed. The boy scratched at his dark hair, looked over his shoulder again, then gently began to walk towards us. He mocked me without knowing it. like a kid version of him. Was that his real name? What did he want with me? He furrowed his dark eyebrows, cocked his head slightly, mused for a few moments, then gently cleared his throat. Certainly Lure had cursed me or something. He wiggled to get comfortable, flashed me a small smile when he noticed me staring, and returned his attention back onto Maria. He didn't reply. He didn't feel the need to elaborate, obviously. He was just like any other mental case, after all. It seemed that once Neon warmed up to someone, he really warmed up to them. Maybe from being too loud or something. Before I could get far, however, he practically dove in front of me, giving me no choice but to stop or I'd run him over. Oh hell, he was killing me. I gave him a small smile to show I wasn't mad. I glanced over my shoulder, and there he was, innocently tracing my steps. alright then. Before I could ask Neon what his problem was, the door opened and a nurse poked her head in. and dreams were the only things keeping me sane, it seemed. He had made me look insane, and eventually, he had managed to drive me here. until I caught sight of Neon, who was still standing in front of me, and then I remembered that he was my new roommate. I stared at him uneasily for awhile before I slipped onto my bed and cuddled my legs to my chest. I had a feeling I wasn't going to get used to this kid, I thought, as I watched him climb onto his bed with seeming difficulty. It was almost painful to look at. I closed my eyes, and immediately, I felt Neon's gaze burn into the side of my face. Before I could open my eyes, I felt my bed sink a little, and I already had the answer. And why was I of all people stuck with him? Lure was the reason I was in this miserable place and I had just described him as sexy? So in a way, I wasn't complimenting him. . Neon couldn't have reached, and I hadn't seen him do it, either. My chest felt as if it was going to explode, my energy was depleting at an agonizingly dense rate. However, these stereotypes must be employed creatively and in a way so that the stereotypes are not the main focus of the story. He couldn't bear polite curiosity or the ploy of flirting. They were all Daddy's little girls with the trust funds and the ponies, saying please and thank you, while seeking him out in the dark of night, searching to tangle with the forbidden. He was from the wrong side of the tracks, he had the motorcycle and the leather jacket, he smoked and he drank and he fucked around with all the girls that had boyfriends and all the young wives that had older husbands, all because he just didn't have anything better to do. A girl never really made much of an impact on him unless he'd dallied with them in some devious act of fornication. And upon closer inspection, which he did very discreetly, he thought he might have seen a few multicoloured feathers and flowers or leaves in the mass, as if she had crashed into a peacock on the way to school. Because that noise grated on his headache like an electric drill, digging into his skull until he was ready to make her choke on it. He supposed he could put those dirty little fantasies with that beautiful pout to rest. Their teacher wasn't really known for her discipline so they always managed to get away with it. And then she nodded. A shame she was such a fucking nutcase. Girls doing unexpected things to get his attention was not something uncommon and usually, it was the inevitable lead up to lifting their skirts for him. She was odd looking too – the artless conundrum of a hairstyle, the thick geeky looking glasses, the multi-coloured, sparkling dress that looked like it was missing the fairy wings, over the bright pink tights – if it weren't for the sexpot mouth, he probably would've dismissed her for the coked-up hippy she obviously was from the start. She started giggling again,  She twirled a strand of hair around her finger as she stared into space. Or was there a mistress phantom giving him an invisible hand job beneath his desk? She shook her head. She was a freak, for sure, and her sense of dress and her crazy hair could class her as arty, but her personality and the way she talked, her clear innocence put her with the bible bashers. His ego was big enough to actually be offended by that, but then, since it was so obvious she associated with the fairies and other non-existent creatures that were so common among crazy people, he probably shouldn't be too surprised. Everyone else in class, not to mention the school, found the situation strange and never ceased to send the two of them curious looks throughout the day, but to Annabel the Oblivious, she took every opportunity to greet and converse with her new found friend. Telling her to fuck off would be like dropping a puppy in a shark tank – just plain mean. She acted like a little kid, for Christ sake, wouldn't that make him some sort of sick pervert? And since the last time he swore out loud made her react in a way that made his cock hard, he had to refrain from ever doing that again. She told him everything and when there was nothing left to tell she'd start in on him. She even asked him about his parents. She wasn't using him at all. So what about her could ever harm him? And funnily enough, it didn't take her long to charm them. He hadn't seen someone enjoy such a mundane activity, outside of sex, for years. She was kind of like the little sister he never had, or never knew he wanted and she was just… relaxing. And why not do it with the one guy that nobody could ever hope to commit? Apparently he was wrong. He was also, no doubt, prospecting for some gang, so that made Trevor lower than himself in the food chain, but it also classed him as someone not to be crossed. He was doing the symbolic manoeuvre of a guy who was looking at something he liked, something he wanted, something he intended to have and Jake felt the overwhelming urge to kick his ass for even thinking something like that about his Annabel. But those five words didn't sit well with him. If she knew the truth of his whereabouts during lunch the passed two days, her lovely little head might pop, just like her bubblegum. But that wouldn't have explained why he felt a burning ball in the back of his throat, or why he felt the sudden desire to rip Trevor in two. He didn't want to think that she might be so confused because she might want Trevor back, and he definitely didn't want to see the answer break dawn in her eyes. Even if it was the wrong one. That much he knew for sure. But that it was so important to her made him feel almost humbled and cemented the fact that no one, not Trevor, not him, was deserving of her. Even if she had been home schooled by a bible bashing granny for the first fifteen years of her life, surely she'd been in the real world long enough to know what it was about. And it just about made him pass out. And he didn't want it, but he couldn't let it go, because letting it go would mean letting her go and that he couldn't do. Well, she made him at least want to try. She shrugged. If she were ever to replace him, he was going to give her something to remember – something to hold for comparison and hopefully, always find any other lacking. And all she wanted to do was be his. ! I hope I met the challenge's requirements. Please enjoy! I love hanging with my friends and cheerleading, which I made the varsity team of, but other than that I really don't like it. I was the new girl for about a week but then it was switched to just that girl. Everyone knew who I was, what I was doing, who I was dating and hanging out with, just my business and when I moved I realized I didn't want that anymore. I have on a kind of corset looking white top with a black jacket over it; the shirt is showing a little bit. I had one, but I don't like talking about that. He just showed his amazing side, the side I love most, the side that shines the most and shows how amazing he is. She is actually pretty gorgeous, got that whole natural beauty thing going but she is just completely clueless to it. Everyone wants to know your business and everyone wants to know who you are dating, who you are sleeping with and if you and your boyfriend break up everyone knows the horrible details. Normally I have cheerleading but football and basketball season is over so now I just get to spend every day after school doing homework and waiting on Max. So my mood right now is slightly bitchy. he smirks and I roll my eyes. My hair flows down my back to just above my waist and my body has some curves its true but I am pretty thin. I relay on him for everything and sometimes maybe too much but oh well he is my big brother, it's allowed. He has that bad boy, arrogant attitude he uses on all the girls but then that sweet boy next door charm he uses around parents. Now of course at my old school I had some of those super friendly touchy feely guy friends but I never had one ever give me this look and also lick his lips while he did it, with my brother right here. ' Then see Colton run away from him but not before tossing a glance and a wink at me. Like you can feel their eyes on you the whole time but you don't want to look at them, you don't want to look at all but it's just an annoying feeling. ' but he just shrugs giving me a wink then taking his grounder. Just staring at him I want to lick my lips but I don't, I don't because right when I was about to he looks up again at me and I look down quick but I know he saw me watching. Yet at the same time I don't want to be one of those girls, I refuse to be one of them. I feel his hot breath running up my neck and I try to not get chills but it is a little hard, I mean I am a teenage girl I teenage girl in a bathroom with a hot guy up on me, I mean you try to not get chills. I mean even if I don't want to be like the brainless sluts who jump at him I am not blind this guy is gorgeous and his rock hard body pushed against me walking us over so we are pushed against the wall, I would be stupid not to be a little turned on. I mean I am not really his type of girl, but then again I don't think he has types, just anyone that's a girl not terrible to look at he is all for sleeping with or in my case trying to sleep with, because trust me he won't get me like that. :) *(Edit) This story will soon be going under a re-write since the writing is pretty bad, since I wrote it a while ago. But now, I'm here. But there is no way I'm going to some party where I don't know anybody. I absolutely hate my persuasive personality. She had left my side the minute we walked through the door. I doubt the majority of them were really in their right mind to notice anyway. he grinned, sliding an arm around my waist. He looked confused for a moment but shrugged and grabbed another bottle of beer before leaving the room. I don't exactly know how it happened but I eventually got some alcohol into my system, and turned into one of them drunk kids who didn't know what they were doing. The sun shone through my window the next morning, causing me to shut my eyes tight and cover my face with my blanket. not that fun. He was always such a happy person. It's not one of my better traits. I'm pathetic. I shot back bitterly, offering a sarcastic smile. I just moved here, I was really not in the mood for this. Oh this was just perfect. I rolled my eyes and spun back around so I wasn't looking at them anymore. I didn't want them to know anything more than necessary about me so I knew I had to get out of there soon. I know this is a short chapter but they'll get longer! . The other day I had found one of his shirts in the back of my closet and almost had a complete breakdown. . . I don't want to sound too sure of myself or anything, but I think there's a pretty good chance that we could be the weirdest freshmen girls in RWCC. I was in the middle of a daydream where a cute guy told me that I belong in the loony bin, when Tommy called out a name that efficiently tore me away from my thoughts. Well, it also caused my ears to ring and a great deal of terrified disappointment course through me, but mostly I relaxed. He's got Nicola and Matteo to worry about, there's no reason why he would ever come back to the States. Like a deer in the headlights, I was struck frozen, just waiting for what to happen, to happen. This was Nadine's and the next will be Thatcher's, but his will give a little more history than hers did. . :) Muchos love. SERENADING SELINA SORRENTINO. He was beginning to think she wasn't capable of saying anything else. But that wasn't the case. Fuck. . Like most other people in their grade, she was just always there. Somehow, the odd proportions just didn't seem so odd anymore. Now, he was a good eight to ten inches taller. But the more he paid attention, the more he wanted to listen. She simply had really good ideas. She had a different sense of humor than the guys on the team, or any of his friends, really. He could pursue whomever the hell he wanted, and the world had better be prepared to like it. No pleading, begging, or groveling of any kind. Just because they were different didn't mean their relationship would be a joke. Fifteen years later, it was still the same three-step routine. And he'd never hear the end of it from the guys. And if his supposed harem of she-slaves had anything to say, it was a damn good view, too. Something sold in stores. If Akemi thought this was going to stump him, she had another thing coming. . After every clip, he thought they couldn't possibly get more worked up, but when they fast-forwarded to the next scene, he was always proven wrong. Great message. Since a few hours ago, of course. It wasn't just pathetic or desperate anymore. No cheesy chick flick hero or fourteen-year-old girl was going to be able to convince Selina in his place. Then, reaching for the phone, he dialed. Exhilarating. If she wasn't going to give them a chance, if she refused to meet him halfway, then he wasn't going to force her. Maybe she'd have appreciated that. He would have appreciated that. And if he did it again, he'd psyche himself into thinking that he was nervous. Soon, he would be leaving Sir Carleton High, preparing to take on the world. And Carter Lovegood did not panic. If she wanted this, she would have to come to him. So what if there were no guarantees in life? Those sneakers of hers were making their way full speed ahead. He didn't dare hope. But if he was honest with himself, he sucked at gauging other people's facial expressions. Pissed off? This was it. He took away the top card. Without thinking, he tossed the last card onto the ground. Clearing his throat, he made another attempt. One day, Nell, one day I'm going to do it. We had a history. She'd never had that problem. Remember"? You're the one in the play you know"! But you can use my speakers either way," I said. I shouted. I asked as we walked onstage. But he made no attempt. Quite the opposite in fact," I said. Fucking crazy? It wasn't helpful that it was her very last period of the day, her energy was drained, Mr. Hall ridiculously sounded a lot like Ben Stein, or that she kept falling asleep in class, and so, of course, Mr. Hall hated her. She just wasn't good at (or particularly interested by) science. A few students raised their heads with interest, but for the most part, they all just blinked blankly at him. She gathered her things, dismissing the note written on her desk. Mr. Hall already had lost the class's interest, and no doubt she would follow in suit, so she opened her notebook, looking over her carefully printed notes—while she hated the class, power-points and book work saved her grade. She printed Thank you in her block, type-writer style writing below the warning. They probably had this class a period before she did, because before sixth period, Mr. Hall taught Chemistry, which had nothing to do with pollination or photosynthesis. Still, when the bell rung three, she hadn't erased her reply. It's too neat to be any guy's. A minute later, Mr. Hall developed a fit of sneezing. He wasn't really that good looking, and I could do better, she'd explained to her friends. He was either quite sick, or ditching a lot, or he purposefully wasn't responding. She checked the desk everyday, a smile tugging at her lips every now and then when she stumbled across a joke he'd made, or read over a sentence that could be completely misinterpreted—but still there was no reply. She definitely was, but she couldn't stop. Then they, finally, and very surely, landed on her. the principal said, her voice harsh as she sent her smoldering gaze in his direction. As he did so, he met her eyes, sharing a secret smile. Well, she knew his last name. Wouldn't want that. I don't know right now, but I'm sure you're gorgeous. I'll explain the whole principal thing later, hopefully. Haha. For football players, it was like a rule. So he was winding his way out, to hell with this. . . That was strange, Kevin didn't even know this girl so why – and then Kevin realized who she was. The kid's a faggot! So little Danny is a fag, eh? That would make it even better. . anyway. He really did. Still a jock though. Like she'd said before, he might eventually win, but there would be some permanent marks to explain later. That kind of sucked too. Not that they should all be shot on sight or anything, long as they don't bother him, y'know. She expected to be burned again. Asshole. No sweat. Heh. . Comfortable enough to forget, for that precious couple of hours, that she even was a boy. Wanted it a lot. And as a girl, they did! Not hers. . All she knew, for sure, was that it had been better than she'd ever imagined, until Kevin had spotted her. If she could just answer one of those questions. . well, Kevin was just a typical idiot, is what Kevin was. . . . . I mean, made him cry. . She looked over at Kevin as he drove. Instead, she brought her hand up to cover her mouth as her giggling began to turn into an almost-laugh. She just affected him that way. Shannon, my best friend, yelled furiously at me. Oh no a bug! I hissed out. ! No flames people I warned you. The second week of school, the first day of gym where we had to dress, and the first day I'd have to face a shower full of people after coming out (to myself at least). I could have taken it next year over even last year when I didn't know I was gay. his head fell against my shoulder. it took me a moment to realize that except for the fuck part I had sounded like my five year old sister when she was feeling cranky. I winced at that involuntarily. Oops. I think they at least deserve the right to know their son is gay before everyone else is talking about it behind their backs. a goofy smile flitted over his face. I added. You see the Coach you stand in line in alphabetical order and wait till he tells you to go. he barked the last word. Salem's smug face told me that was a complete no. I had to find a way out of the showering part or I was in trouble. I only had one class after this and Coach Whatever would probably tell me to . he asked slapping me again. Since that would cause quiet a few problems I doubted it. We had earned several looks (and sneers) from our fellow classmates. I had no idea what he was talking about. Pulling away I opened my mouth to apologize when the person turned around looking ready to kill me. I had to admit it was sort of scary, I'd never had anyone give me a death glare before. Did they have a problem with short people or something? I took a moment to think about how much more intimidating this would be if I could look down on him instead of up at him. So review please? Damn FP;-). Check my profile page for more information and links! And I have an interesting problem. And there's the phobia of men called Androphobia. He's just enough man with just enough doses of feminine beauty to create the concoction known as the beautiful man. Then, I go through stages of feelings. I then proceed to freak out more because the guy is probably thinking I'm interested in him when it's the complete opposite. And then I stare so long that I move into the third stage. Simply put, he's scaring the living daylights out of me while drawing me in even more. It's the only way to feel normal again. And I'm supposed to sit next to him. Who'd you have to kill"? Of course I'm going. Take your pick. They seemed to be having a blast on stage. something. Normally, I had no trouble with English, but with booming pop music practically screaming into my room, it was hard to concentrate on writing a formal and dignified composition when you're hearing the obscene and disturbingly sexual lyrics of the Black Eyed Peas and 50 Cent at the same time. Mental note to self: sue Fluffy Earmuffs Incorporated on Aunt May's behalf. The cheerleaders were living gossip machines and would spread nasty rumors in less than a millisecond, and the jocks, well, they were under the combined categories of  and . I wasn't generally a shy person, but I figured I should keep this up in order to maintain an unscathed self-esteem after Creswall. There was a verandah with peeling blue paint at the front and a backyard brimming with the flowers and herbs that my Mom adored. Everything showed off their wealth. Boo was a black and white tomcat with gorgeous bright blue eyes. What are some other rhyming words? I have found it! I can't remember it! So shouldn't he be doing his English homework too? Found him! To top it all off, he was smiling that ever-so-sexy grin of his, needlessly enhancing his good looks to his already swooning female audience. I saw his eyes pierce directly into mine, so clearly in fact that I could see his black irises. Pray review and let me know! Lastest re-edit: 15 Nov 11. And every time, every time, she tells me to look him up on buddy book dot com. I tried to defend myself. I much prefer my guy to be wearing a black t-shirt. I would if I had a guy. I'd be leaking poison. She has all the right curves in all the right places, and I have grapes for boobs. I'm screwed. And I just told Cait I wanted to lick her all over, so I think I filled my awkward quota for the day. It was not often when the sun comes out in Seattle and I was anxious to soak it up. She yelled after me, something about a party, but I held up my hand up to my ear and signaled for her to call me. Thus construction equals stupid. I doubted he would want to discuss the weather and what classes I was taking. Perfect. My attempts went unsuccessful, and Andrei Rodygina still owned my hand. I groaned. His eyes moved towards my hand before narrowing to his nose. Pink pee! Uh, no thanks. ) but I wasn't so lucky. ) and packed up my things. I'd eat coffee grounds for that much money. I tried explaining to him that there was little I could do with my – dare I say spunky – short hair besides pull my bangs to the side with a clip, but he told me to just deal with it. My mother had long-since given up on me being her typical Filipino-daughter, blaming my dad and his German heritage. Potassium at its finest. Stupid bastard. I was out of the door a split second later, purse and banana in hand. Plus, any dire questions I needed to ask I planned on sending straight to the mystery-hot-guy. He's only the hottest thing since sliced bread. But even better, when my uncle heard her suggest I go for him, he blew up and said I wasn't allowed to go near the poor boy. The flirting could commence today, even. What was he doing here? But, alas, I was currently trying to convince him that I wasn't in love with him, and stalking him might not help. ) and sent me a dirty look. Now I wanted to know only so I could avoid supplying the sugar concoction at all costs. Luckily I have gotten used to this witty tidbit being brought up, and found an amusing way to counter it. Perhaps offering sexual intercourse to the guy who thinks you are stalking him may not be the wisest of ideas. I yelled after him. I raised it up several inches, glad to be able to see the entire computer screen. It was from Cait. I want to hear about work. You can't dance to Cindi Lauper in long underwear without everyone assuming you're wasted. When there was only an hour left of my shift I walked over to his desk and touched his shoulder. (Probably porn. ) I couldn't tell whether it was a sense of accomplishment, or the dimple that appeared on his cheek that made me excited. God must have pitied me, however, because Andrei had turned around and missed my small seizure. I opted to go straight from work to Cait's party, and her apartment was several miles off campus. When he opened his lips to speak I held up my hand, knowing what was coming. Instead of looking at me with a small quirk of his lips or saying  he set his eyes into a firm glare and examined me as if I were a defective toy. Not to mention my awesome stiletto shoes that cost me an entire paycheck. What we he doing, trying to be my perfect man? I patted myself on the back before racing up to catch him. Written on it was an apartment number. Paper is only biodegradable in factories, not on the streets! Something about him seemed a bit more…sophisticated. My eyes felt like they were bulging completely out of their sockets. But nothing like the models you see in raunchy magazines. I love tall and lanky. He grabbed my wrist firmly. I probably looked un-lady like, and I'm sure it wasn't attractive, but still. And why did she keep looking back and forth between us – ohh my god that's right! I pressed my hand to my heart, surprised that it suddenly felt very heavy. I pounded on the door, hoping there wasn't anyone puking inside. Especially with girls. The girl wasn't very tall, but she towered over my measly height by more than enough inches to intimidate me. I had only been in the bathroom for thirty seconds, and I knew it was not enough time for Andrei to get lost in the party. Perhaps I wasn't as intimidating as I thought I was. Chalk down that as another reason to kill Andrei. I had kissing on the brain. I haven't played that since I was fourteen! How could you say no to that? She laughed nervously and tucked her short hair behind her ears. Andrei jumped up from the couch, and seizing my chance, I grabbed his hand and pulled him away from the group of people. No escape. Andrei's eyes trailed down to my hands and he laughed. For the first time that evening I was completely convinced it was due to fright, not Andrei. ASAP. Fresh air. But anything was better than being stuck in a corner with Andrei. She stared at the guy, then let her eyes slide to the cigarette in his hand. I didn't know many people in photography yet, and now I had an easy topic to small talk about. I rubbed my arms, feeling self conscious, and started backing towards the door. I hardly had time to blush before he continued on. It scared me. It's usually along the lines of  I usually just say . I'd be nowhere without her help. Feeling like I should really drive the point home, I pinched his cheeks. If I could just talk with her for one second, I'm sure it would snap me back into my senses. But the girl with her lips suctioned to his face looked an awfully lot like Cait. Even if shewas wasted, Cait would not take back someone who dissed her like that. Goes with everything. She scampered back to Michael. Then Michael slid his hand up her thigh and I instantly looked away. They better not make out in front of me 24/7. They stopped abruptly when an image of Cait and Michael kissing flashed through my brain again. So why was I hesitating? I was scared out of my mind. When he came back I was going to tell him that there was no way I'd be going out with him tomorrow. He'll come up with some cutesy way of asking me out, hopefully with a clever food pun, like,  and then I would agree instantly because nothing is hotter than a man who has a way with words. And why did he have a gleam in his eye? As I sat down, he handed the driver a few bills. Yeah. I want to have these inter-connecting stories. I'm not sure how the humor will go over, because I have a particular sense of weird humor, and I don't know if the rest of the world would think it's funny. I have been since before I finished writing DOTH. Thank You! EVIL LAUGHTER LEAVE IF YOU BELIEVE THIS WILL CORRUPT YOU! it must be slash! Their only goal was to have the ship reach its destination with the cargo intact, and a promise for new students for the next journey. This vapid and shallow tradition may have been unsettling to some, but the students at Melean were never unsettled…they were happy to be vapid and shallow, it created less stress wrinkles. Football was all consuming, and because Melean was one of the best, parents sent their prized children there, so they could be the best. BFAPM cursed this miracle of generosity with all of their might. It was however, the Headmaster's office, which contained an ever-growing drama that was about to burst forth and upset the whole beautiful, vapid and shallow routine of Melean Prep. It was in this vain that they had unleashed the latest news on the Headmaster; fully expecting him to take any flak and blame that might be hurled in their direction. She had come to the office, expecting to have a full blowout with the Headmaster, but instead found herself to be in a conspiracy to protect the students. He chuckled, brushing a strand of hair from Remm's face, his hand lingering on the headmaster's pale skin. He gave one more glowing smile to the Headmaster, and then whisked himself from the room. Still Remm sat there, seemingly unable to speak, so Diana continued  She threatened. odd. No, give me up-front looks, wild and untamed. Freckles? I've never been able to tolerate gross teeth. Why didn't he just take the stupid stairs? And I'm not bitter at all about this, mind you. Yup, that's him! annoyingly good. Jerk. Was that your head? I replied/incessantly babbled, half to myself. You're Tawni! I figured I should leave 2009 with a big bang anyway. A/N: THIS STORY HAS BEEN REMOVED DUE TO PLAGIARISM. The incessant delayed flights and layovers, the valley of takeoffs and landings, and always, but of course, the proverbial break up. It changes a person. She liked to think she had enough control of her own emotions not to fall in love. Everyone knew love was a choice, not unpreventable, and it was a choice she wasn't willing to make. Brushing herself off she exited the cab pulling out suitcases behind her. She felt like she was covered in grime, just from being in a place like that. Wasn't he slightly too far north to be talking with that accent? As these things went Evelyn was rarely wrong. She flushed further. Damn, it was so elusive. As soon as she got past security she would kick off her shoes in the terminal and relax. She checked her bags and headed determinedly to the terminal. Evelyn pinched the bridge of her nose in frustration, trying not to let herself get so worked up over something like airport security. If it hadn't been shot before, dealing with that pesky guard killed her mood completely. He was raptly holding their attention, as it seemed that they hung on his every word. They really knew how to add to Evelyn's mounting fears. Without her parents. I am walking to my death, right now. The others were clearly insane. R/r! She heard only the harsh gasp of her own breath. By the clenching of her gut, she would have known; by the raised hairs on the back of her neck and the dryness of her mouth, by the cold, silent scream knotted in her throat. She was going to get away this time. Jagged stones sliced into the palms of her hands, outstretched to brace for the fall, and all the air rushed from her lungs. The scream in her throat loosed and cut through the air. The oncoming vehicle's horn blared again. The other vehicle barreled toward her. The other vehicle, a white pickup truck, roared past, horn honking once more angrily. There could have been kids. And it wasn't even late, not late like she was used to. She was twenty-nine, tired of living these hours, tired of paying rent on an apartment she barely saw. This was not to time to reflect on the fullness (emptiness) of her life. In the beam of her headlights, all she saw was the two-lane blacktop winding between pine trees and roadside scrub. The red line of Chattaunee went on and on through the mountains; she could be driving for hours before she hit another main road. If Gideon Summers was going to be angry with her, ten minutes more or less wouldn't improve his mood. After a few minutes of fiddling with the radio dial though, Johnny Cash's voice flooded the car with honey-whiskey smoothness. Less than a quarter of a mile later, she spotted the final turn, and eased the car onto a narrow trail that two cars could never have hoped to negotiate at the same time. Five gold records, but Gideon Summers might as well live in the Ozarks. Tiny, dark islands clustered far out in its center. This was a place you could call home, and always feel a warm glow to call it that. What was she doing in a place like this? His eyes gleamed bright silvery gray. Time stopped, sounds faded, and for one instant, they were the only two people in the world. Kelsey was left feeling even more foolish, and worse than that, unprofessional—because all she wanted was to follow Gideon Summers around that corner and see if he would make time stop for her again. He didn't look like a rock musician, but like an ordinary man, the kind that could live in a cabin in the mountains and be content. The hairs on the back of Kelsey's neck rose, and she couldn't quite make herself move forward to meet him. he said. She took his hand quickly, smiling her most professional smile. Embarrassed, she drew her hand back and cleared her throat. It might cost her the interview either way. She stepped away, letting his hand slide away from her, and gave him a tight smile. Sorry! So, anyhow, enjoy! Just when she thought her brain would explode from the amount of slurs in the aged tape, the bus came to a stop. She smiled and grabbed her backpack and duffel from some guy in a uniform and stepped off the bus, looking around. She entered the cab office and walked up to the desk. Grinning she rocked back and forth on her heels, making jokes about salespeople in her head until the girl came back. Finding the student yelling curses at the computer after her neo pets game froze it, Eryn just assumed and slipped out the door. Instead, Eryn fingered a fraying edge on her bag and stared out the window. She climbed out, paid the driver and walked up to the gate, which had a sign above it reading: 'Keystone Academy, Home of the Knights. As she looked around the guard talked to her. Promptly, another guard was there who carried them up the steps and into the building for her. They entered directly to the left into what was labeled the main office. Eryn was told to leave her bags on one of the chairs and follow the secretary. Then the lady left her alone with the Head Mistress. She sighed and climbed the steps and after struggling with her key again, stumbled into the empty hallway. Underneath the coat of arms were what looked like personal crests, usually three or four, with names, and normally a message board for friends to scrawl their notes. She heard some bouncing around and the door slowly opened. The girl said, hanging up and tossing the phone on the nearest bed, from which is slid off and landed on the wooden floor. She smiled, her roommates had put a lot of thought into making her feel welcome, and she really appreciated it. Oh, and if you're reading this: Julie, I need you, call me or something cause I need your amazing story advice! And apparently a friend of Ez came up with Shaun's name so…thank you to them? She said vaguely, attempting to ignore the one-sided conversation. I'm almost an adult". Or two hundred. There had to be at least 100 people just in the yard alone and Shaun didn't even want to guess how many were inside the house. It wasn't that he didn't get on with the man, he did, but he would probably already be half drunk by now and therefore only useful if Shaun wanted a detailed account of the 60s. Not anything you could build a career out of, anyway. If he had been anyone else but her grandson she would've fallen to her arthritic knees like the rest of them. The girl didn't have a chance. They were promptly attacked by Shaun's towering mother, Ingrid, who seemed more disappointed than pleased that Shaun was there. His own bottle lay on its side beside him, empty. For once. It was little wonder so many girls fawned over him. Shaun immediately started struggling fiercely, trying to ignore how his every movement caused them to rub against each other. Sometimes he had no idea why he always protested so much. ! And Shaun would be alone. Beside him, Ashton's face was equally red and lost. What happened? There had been grass before. Blood, he realized, but his mind could mot seem to come up with anything else on the matter. What happened to the houses? Where was everybody? More blood sprayed the soil. Just bare dirt. A sick, twisted joke. He had to find somebody. Still, he hated anything with more than four legs. Sebastian pulled the trigger and blinked when nothing happened. He had fainted, curled up over the rubble. It could've been male or female – Sebastian had long given up on telling the difference. He didn't really want to be there either. It tore through the skin, right through its neck and in a split second dark red blood rained down over. If it had been one of the faster ones he wouldn't have stood a chance. There didn't seem to be any but he'd have to go through quarantine and the medical ward anyway. He quirked a grin. The IV machine let out a low beep and Sebastian leant across to press a few buttons. It was the only thing he could think to say and Sebastian nodded. Coz it's not fucking funny". I bet they're still at the Plants, which is where you should've been". So either he really did lose his memory or he was just insane. Especially Marcella - she would know what to do. His brow furrowed and he wondered if anyone had been injured. Surely he knew himself. This was low. No, it was definitely a joke and Sebastian was lying. Technology was so advanced there were a million explanations. None of it was rational! But he did not expect what came out of Sebastian's mouth next. He felt so sick. Basically it's our job to kick the bad guys' asses and make sure the good guys stay safe. His face remained impassive, his eyes angry and confused. Slowly. . On May 15 2006 they attacked and, well, we've been fighting them ever since". It sure as hell didn't make Sebastian's story any more convincing, as imaginative as it was. People who would make up such a cruel and outrageous story. Marcella would've known what to do. Thank you. Why couldn't this happen on any other day when she wouldn't have minded walking out of the house looking like shit? What she wouldn't give to live in their surreal-like paradise as opposed to slaving away in the kitchen of a restaurant just so she could put herself through college. She had been teetering on the edge of oblivion, literally, when Cam had snatched her from the lip of the bridge and instead of reporting the attempted suicide to the proper authorities, had kept the incident between them. Or would she have continued the drudgery of living out a completely meaningless and miserable life? He ignored the advances that had worked so well in ensnaring her other boyfriends and every time she brought up the subject of a relationship, he abruptly changed the subject or shut down. Because before tonight, they had never went anywhere that didn't include frat boys, kegs, and scantily clad sorority chicks vying for his attention. She wasn't in an Afro mood tonight. He made it his job to be punctual. The issue lay in the fact that she was a young, beautiful woman of nineteen years sitting in a bar full of old, horny bastards whose stares had become increasingly frequent and bolder as time progressed. It wasn't a total…ok so it was a total lie, since Cam and she weren't officially going out, but Tess liked to delude herself otherwise for kicks. What an opportune time. All conversation paused for a moment, then resumed again after surveying the damage, this kind of chaos being commonplace. Their depths and intensity, though currently resembling dark, glacial icebergs, were one of things that had drawn her to him. She was suddenly glad she'd left him an extra tip. She wiggled her rear for emphasis. He shot her crooked half-smile, one that had butterflies procreating at the speed of light within her stomach. It was perfect. His forehead was free from obsidian hair that had been brushed back into a low ponytail, enhancing the dark, amber eyes of a demon that stared at her from the backseat in disgust. Without acknowledging her defeat, Tess walked to the passenger side and climbed in. Thanks! That was the goal anyway. It makes an all too true motto for me: a basic name for a basic girl with a basic life. Yeah, you know her. I couldn't spell pheromone, let alone release any. Go for it, sister, 'cause you got it goin' on. So all in all, I'd say I was a good-looking person…if it wasn't for one thing. Like most scars, it is very noticeable, pink and textured, and I still don't have half of my eyebrow. Even when you grow up and realize they were just children and they most likely didn't mean it, the words and scenes can still haunt you. I liked plenty of boys – pardon, guys – and spent the appropriate amount of time swooning over them in the overly-maudlin ways of the female middle-schooler. I was not a lucky other girl but – yes, you guessed it - my friends were. Of all the girls in the school, they had to have hopeless Jamie Smith after them. I was able to smile back at the children who stared at me in the grocery store and handle the shocked expressions from the adults who hadn't realized my deformity until I turned my head. Until then I just planned to always have hair in my face, preferring to deal with the comments about that then having to explain what was behind it. In earnest I appreciated the sympathy but hated feeling pathetic. I usually just changed the subject. The more and more I became accustomed to the enigma of the teenage male the more and more I wondered if I even wanted a boyfriend anyway (which I did, of course, but I still managed to have some reservations. Until that day came I gave up hoping. I hate it! Okay, maybe not exciting, but definitely bizarre. We were in the midst of laughing our asses off. That's just how weird it was. So enjoy this edited version! Much more quiet then the bustle of Atlanta. It looked like a parts shop, with big sections of mufflers, rims, and audio parts. My friends had fits of laughter at my expense. He moved slightly away from my sister. And that realization terrified me more than the thought of being devoured. His eyes darkened to amber. Peter Long. I could see Ashland look away, his eyes narrowed. Guys who looked like Jack usually when after the Ashelys and the Jessicas of the school, the tall blonds with tan skin that looked like cheerleaders. People generally thought her skin was too pale, probably from being inside too much, but she allowed herself enough vanity to know that she had good skin. It was slightly disturbing that he always seemed to gape at her like some sort of zoo attraction. There was an experiment they were doing today with waves that she had been excited for all week. It probably wasn't far from the truth. any small talk that could fill the time. If he did, Nora didn't know what she was going to do. Jack leaned over and kissed her cheek as the bell rang. She just felt naked without her glasses, and kept rubbing the bridge of her nose. It wasn't long before she spotted Bartlett. The girl who was currently talking to him was being ignored. He smiled and waved in her direction. Nora couldn't stop a smile as she watched Jack hop across the field with their team mates, looking completely ridiculous. She smiled and stepped towards the open end of the fence. The top was pulled over it, and Jack turned up the heat, scrubbing his hands over his face to get the water out of his eyes. They were only friends after all, and Nora would like to think she didn't have to lump herself in the Jack-fangirl-club category. So they sat in his room, ate burgers, and played games for hours. Because of that, the walls were dotted with the occasional sports team poster or heavy metal band logos. Nora figured she looked stupid, but didn't care enough at the moment to do anything about it. There was piece of her hair that was coming out of the towel, and he reached forward to touch it. Nora reached up to try and brush her hair out of her face, and Jack caught her wrists. Just in the way that he touched her, his hand slipping through her hair and behind her head, and the way that he seemed to create feelings that she never knew existed. Jack leaned down, brushing the sweater off her stomach, and she gasped as he touched his lips to the exposed skin. When she finally sat up, she smiled, tugging on his arms. Nora opened her eyes and stared at the person sleeping next to her. She still couldn't believe that Jack lived in such an amazing place. Nora growled as she tried to right her hair, it was sticking out in every direction, and she began to braid it in hopes of taming it later. Somehow, she just had a feeling that Jack would say yes. . MERRY CHRISTMAS, HAPPY HOLIDAYS, ETC! Judging by my lack of clothes and the giant bed, I went home with someone last night. Ouch. It's comfortable. They widen in surprise when they meet mine, and all of a sudden, pieces of last night come rushing back to me. No way is this a bachelor pad. He would have to be an interior designer or something for it to look this good. I'm really not a fan of water and I normally hate showers, but after relying on the community centre's showers for awhile, I'm willing to push aside my hate for a bit. However, it is the first time I've gone home with a stranger while being so totally shitfaced…I hope I didn't do something stupid. Being in a stranger's house makes me skittish. How would frost appear in a steamy bathroom? Right. Dammit. Clean clothes? I didn't even know I'd still be alive today. I've had enough. My eyes widen in surprise. There, around the slim finger, is a delicate gold band twisted around a silver one; undeniably a wedding ring. Probably popular with families. I can add this to my growing list of fuck-ups. I just want to get it over with, so I can go back to…yeah. I can't tell if I'm more angry or embarrassed…but it sucks, either way. He shoots me a dark glare as he drops back down on his chair. _. A few more drinks should finish the job, and then I can get to the real mission of tonight. Hot. Explains the blinding skimpy clothes he's wearing. His hair was spiky, and he never smiled! And how did he get stuck partnered with her? She reached for her crayons, but Brent stopped her. Maybe she could use her hands. They slowly began to cut the triangle out together. This is easy. That would never happen. She stared at her English packed quizzically, completely at a loss for what she was supposed to do. Her blonde hair was pulled into a high ponytail and tied together with bright red ribbons. He hated school and probably wouldn't ever have come if it wasn't for her. It would just take the remaining twenty minutes of lunch to help her get there. :) Hope everyone is enjoying their summer! DARCY. Instead, I am wide awake, in bed, holding my dainty pink diary. The me that is seventeen is scared of the me that was five, perhaps like how an elephant runs away at the sight of a mouse. . It is weird. I don't know which one I like better. Boys. I want to run to him, like he is peanut butter and I am jelly. Especially him. My fifteen-year-old sister. He does not take my hand. I memorized it. They move all over the place when she runs to catch the Frisbee! They don't move because my dress is too tight. Where are my feet? A lot! He brings donuts and his puppy to school. Even though she looks like a man. Lizzie kept yelling that it was an airplane, but Daddy told her she was wrong. I can't remember because I just want Mrs. Bowen to finish so we can go to our new classroom. I stretch my neck like a giraffe to see past Kristopher's big head. His mommy said once,  And he stopped playing his Ninja Turtles video game to get me a juice box. He can't like lemon better than cherry. . Like her new dress or the posters on her wall. . Her face is the spider. I sit on the floor while she sits cross-legged on her bed. Rah rah! Finally, when I'm close, I swing the stick hard. The ball rolls happily into the net. I feel like I've peed my pants. Lizzie was wrong. He kneels with his butt sticking out, taking a million pictures of Lizzie in her blue gown, by herself and with her friends. My toes are all squished together and walking makes everything hurt more. But then I remember he is only smiling because he is excited to see Lizzie. The more we look at him, the fatter he becomes. I slap his hand away. He is tall with humongous muscles. This doesn't happen very often. Soon, everyone is crowding around us, and we lose sight of each other. It is one of my favorite pictures. Together forever! It's so beautiful. There are a million of them crawling over my brain, keeping me wide awake. Everyone has bags, trays, and containers overflowing with goodies. Only the special card is tucked away in my backpack, hiding until Mikey arrives. I am about to pee. For Lizzie. This is how it's supposed to be. So I hold out my card. Did he twist the orange cap and think, ? I am so full it hurts to breathe. I knock on the wall three times to check. I close my eyes and rub my belly in circles. It takes me a minute to climb down the bed and reach my window. It is. The words of the song start to blast out of the speakers. Completely loony! But he's acting like he doesn't see them at all. But I hate it when he gets mad me. There are pictures and volleyball trophies everywhere. When he gets to Lizzie's modeling photos, he is practically hypnotized. I finally wrestle the bra away from him. He is disgusting and weird and many things unpleasant, but he is still so amazing to me. I try to sound mean and bully-like, but inside, I am whimpering like a mouse. We are both on the ground and he is screaming like a girl. Neither did I. May I present to you the Moirae: Clotho, Lachesis, Atropos, and Jane Austen. So I run around the house looking for something interesting to slaughter a few hours of time. I would miss her stuff, and her, of course. Those are Lizzie's romance novels. So I take it, run along to my own room, and plop down into a comfortable position among my pillows. . Of their perfectness for each other. Betrayer! You witch with a 'b'! Instead, because I have issues saying no to the person I have been desperately in love with since the age of five, I haul my limbs out of bed and stomp downstairs—quietly. He looks like an elementary school student among the bigger guys in our grade—like someone's younger brother tagging along. So many nights after, I fantasized about it, wished for it to be true. It's magic. The Jasmine in me is torn between being attracted to the prince and missing the street rat. It's hard to believe I've never asked her this before. My hands are writing about Shakespeare and Iago, but my mind is thinking about other things. An omen of truth. Why Lizzie and not me? Does he not realize this? Sleep deprivation, embarrassment, desire, and frustration, perhaps. Goosebumps slither across my skin. We both taste like baked fish. We fumble with need, like Adam and Eve. I stare at Mikey's bewildered face and then at his erection and burst out again. Any girl could have thrown herself at him and he would have said yes. I want to say to him. But they don't. I hate me. . The humiliation that is age fifteen is now sleeping deep within the ground, eternally dormant. The heart-shaped hole and the ornate curves in the bow startle something within me and I pick it up. But it's been too long for me to dredge up any anger or embarrassment. It is the picturesque outdoor wedding that she has always wanted. Today is a day of celebration. Like a novel stimulus my brain has never encountered before, and now it doesn't know how to react. I did all of those things, and more, just for a morsel of Mikey's attention. According to my excellent calligraphy, our daughter's third birthday should have been yesterday. Mark my words, it will be grander than Pride and Prejudice. And I will forever love and cherish them. And you, well, you no longer wear that ugly jersey and have learned to eat with a fork. You have my unconditional congrats. As I move forward into the future, this innocent (sometimes not so innocent) puppy love, just like the rest of my childhood, is ready to be put in the past, locked away in a special place. This, I have accepted. And today, with a heavy and light heart, I free you. Just a little shrub among all the tall oaks. Sometimes I think there is, sometimes I think there isn't. I'm not greedy. In a week, when I'm knocking on his door to see if he wants to go to the beach? The diplomas have been given out, and the graduation film has been played. It's his this-secret-is-between-you-and-me grin. And that in the case of my attempted murder, I will have two thousand witnesses. We are freest then. Of course we should celebrate all that we have achieved, how far we've come, and all the good memories of the past, but it shouldn't end here. . It is about the size of a closet, but at least it is clean. Who needs cutlery and laundry detergent anyway? I squint, to make sure I am seeing correctly. Five feet later, and I am standing in the doorway, on the verge of trespassing. There is a chocolate stain on her crotch. How is this possible? His expressions, his mannerisms, the way he's looking at me… something is different. So free. It's so much harder finding foods that look like a vagina. We have more than that. Maybe almost as important as I am to you. I don't know where these four years will take us, but at least we'll be doing it together. I'll be waiting. :) In case you're curious. ) I didn't know until a few months ago that in the US, it's based on academic merit. So they always beat us at the game. god, that's like a dream come true. Add in the fact he's the alpha of one of the top three packs in the entire US, and girls practically melted in his presence. Alphas needed - and lusted after - a woman, a mate, to continue his legacy, and no man would do. Although every rule has an exception. Michelle hadn't understood why, telling me I'm being picky, and I found I couldn't tell her. But I cherished mine with my whole hear, wanting to give my first time to my mate, whoever it was. At least, it was a secret for me, because from time to time I could see people coming to the river to wonder about just like I did. He really was somewhere else right now. I wouldn't blame him if he did; being an alpha is one heck of a job, especially the alpha of the second biggest pack in the States. It allowed me to empty my mind of everything, and my body relaxed as the motions of my sketching hand became almost fluid, in a way. Which was why now every time they looked at me they had disappointment written all over their face. Once I had enough money in my savings, I was going to open my own gallery, and they would see how wrong they were with assuming that artists end up poor and lonely. It was nice for a ten-minutes-long sketch, and I smiled briefly to myself. Since I didn't intend to do either, my only option was to look away before it was too late and he would've interpreted the meaning of the gaze for me. Even his slight crooked nose didn't interfere with his sexy, amazing looks. The fact that he was by the river today was a rare sight, especially since I, a commoner, saw him. If a word got out about this, Aiden's fan club would go ballistic. And so for a few days, she just watched him, brushed his brown hair from time to time, for he was still unconscious and couldn't do so himself, and waited for him to open his eyes. He was her mate. And so she mated him. She tried to track down the baby's parents, but no one knew whom she belonged to, and so Melissa ended up adopting the baby. I still loved her wholeheartedly, of course, but I've always wanted to know who my biological parents were so I could counter them as to why did they think it was appropriate to abandon their child. That's when I saw her making a face at me. Not that it was any of my business. He seemed to have much more serious problems than that. I couldn't possibly know what went through the mind of a man in his late twenties, let alone an alpha. She'd sent it about five minutes ago. she gushed as a greeting. Since she's still nineteen, her dream had come true. Yeah, it was a surprise. I could only hope this Season would be less worse than the others, that I would be able to keep my virginity intact, no matter how alluring the temptation is. There just comes a day when you begin to want more. A fedora covered his shaggy light brown hair but it didn't hide his familiar piercing blue eyes fixed on me. We became better known which made us hunger for achievement even more. He smiled warmly at me. Blake was always saying bizarre things to me. My silky long brown hair was darker than his as were my exotic blue eyes. Stella, the chick with balls. His brown eyes were dancing with excitement. I asked him finally with a laugh. Besides the bookcase, there was a comfortable couch in the room but no dining table in sight. I said, releasing his hand and gesturing to the room at the top of the stairs. To say I hated the job would be an understatement. I said sadly. Then my senses returned and I remembered I didn't think of him like that. It seemed too inviting right now. He seemed to be acting different than normal. I playfully messed up his light blond hair. He was a good friend that way. Blake grinned, watching Armando, James, Loren and my discomfort from the front passenger seat. Then again, maybe it was all in my head. I was causing myself to think too much about this. Bitchin', great hair, the boys all like to stare! Yeah, well James and Victoria are boasted about to the world, whilst Regan is just added as an afterthought. I swear I look like a piece of poo. It's 'because they're older'. Ew. Noon is much better. Sure, when we were kids we were tight, but then he started to be a total dick, and that was the end of our loving relationship. Stupid playboy. Stupid rich kid. I started to hum a random tune that popped into my head. Stupid mood swings. None for Logan. I was immediately awake, snapping up and giving her my most angelic smile. Lexie was giving me a dirty, so I just grinned at her. They should start later, or at least provide a Sleeping Period. I ignored her and, other than her initial greeting, she ignored me. Just when she was about to yell at me, the door to the principal's office swung open and Logan and James trailed out, both glowering. How anyone can stand Logan, I'll never know. I asked, lounging across one of the chairs. He knows me. It's like social hierarchy, the pecking order, something like that. Gross, I know. She's obviously pretty whacked up in the head. Told you I was smart. Football went out two years ago, and soccer is now the It sport. Deep down, they know it. Ah well, back to my muffin. I can still remember that day. I ran up to her, prepared to tackle the girl, but just as I was about to get the ball, the girl shoved me with her shoulder, knocking me to the ground. Thus meaning that Logan was next to James. She is definitely playing goalie tomorrow. Stupid Bane Of My Existence. . . ! He could almost taste the terror in their veins. At the very least, he looked cold and calculating. Leviathan hissed. Obviously, the thunderbolt had missed his beloved brother. With a large intake of breath, Leviathan leaped outwards from the building, and fell for what felt like an eternity. He was much more stealthy than his brother. ' Leviathan thought idly as he stepped quickly towards the fight. Shaking the idea away, he ran on. Clearly, his brother was past the stage of reason. he said with disgustingly earnest eyes. With a stab of consternation, Leviathan felt the grasp of a hand on his shoulder. 'Enough of this,' Leviathan thought to himself, he had to get to Kraken. With a loud crack through the air, he saw Volt fly over him towards Kraken. Leviathan ignored him. Not that this was Volt's business. Jumping from tendril to tendril, Leviathan found it almost impossible to reach his brother. It was time to transform. He was going to electrocute both of them. He was now the length of three city buses, and just as big. That never accounted for Kraken losing it and turning into a giant sea monster at any given moment. All he needed to do was get Kraken and himself to the water before they both ran out of oxygen. Did this mean Leviathan would have to thank that obnoxious superhero? he said as he stepped out the door. He spent hours just quietly putting books back where they belonged, after thoughtless patrons would leave them wherever they felt like, willy nilly. ) Actually, it technically didn't begin in kindergarten. (You or I? Of course, she never took any notice of him beyond the fact that she was prettier than him, and to feel a little bad for him because he couldn't wear pink. Nobody else noticed the subtle clenching of her fists, or the tightness around her jaw. ), and then it was time. but there was always an underlying foundation to their friendship that nobody else knew about. . She figured it was a boy thing. His eyes fell on the window, and it registered in his mind that it was pouring rain outside. he exclaimed. but burned sounds better. And, of course, nobody else was to know about the dare - before, during, or after. He did so - with a lot of fussing and whining about cooties - because he didn't want to lose. ) To replace his former challenge, he instead handed Tanya a pack of post-it notes once every week and made her communicate only by writing for that day. Still, she continued doing it until the year finished. Of course, he never told Tanya his strategy, no matter how many times she asked. Tanya lost the challenge, and was forced to let Kyrian issue another one for grade 9. Clenching her teeth at his audacity, Tanya forced herself through the year - making sure she wrote him death threats in runny blood-red ink at least once a week. Needless to say, many a girl was disappointed - and determined to  his orientation - while many closet gays at the school suddenly  to try their chance with the school's demi-God. they weren't in DTIA) but, again, there will be a lot of association between them and those characters. (Please note: Although I have part of the ending typed up, there are still portions in between that I am not finished - so I am NOT DONE WRITING. what do you think? What was I thinking? Anyway, here we go. My favorite fairy tale is Rapunzel. He's actually kind of cute. There's no drama in that. I like that belief in sacrifice, and the belief in the overwhelming power of love. The counselors have at least that right. I'm just asking for this one thing and lord above, but I want it so badly that I've cried over it. The prince finds me. It's not usually this hot, but global warming and the general approach of summer has taken care of that. Using the edge of her shirt, she wipes off the sheen of sweat gathering on her collarbones. She's interrupting the chorus. It was all about the pimps and the angry broken hearts now. And I don't need to be swimming in rose petals or anything. ' I mouth back. We're, like, normal people! I mean, there are other people in class who don't speak unless they have to, either, but whenever they are called on they're completely confident so nobody ever really pays attention to them. It's one of those character faults that keeps me awake at nights. And I wouldn't be able to articulate it very well. Few would even notice I was gone. At least it's making me happy. Because I'm sort of desperate that way, haha. The version for sale has been professionally edited and cleaned up. Big hugs to the people who nominated me and the SKoW judges for putting me through to voting. basically all the good stuff. I'm assuming that's if you're super human and never need a pit stop, of course. Family gatherings were going to be…colorful from now on. He loved it though. It never ceased to bring me some small sliver of joy, as weird as that was. I sighed and hoped they got over this college thing quickly. Yep, I knew two whole facts about our mysterious new roomie. I could already see a new life opening up for me in this picturesque State. They had written him numerous letters of recommendation and Denny had started applying for jobs everywhere. I could not bear to be without that boy's goofy grin. He had been practically giddy in his excitement to leave for Seattle. The fact that Denny actually knew people in that particular city, and that one of them had an extra room for us, at a fraction of the rate we were expecting to pay, well, it made the whole affair seem like it was fated to be. I reached over to grab his hand and he smiled softly at me. I had tried to keep a solemn face while kissing them all goodbye, but on the inside, I had been glowing with the thought of finally being on our own. There were a couple of rest stops that are now forever etched in my fondest memories. My smile turned into a contented sigh when the lights of Seattle finally showed themselves to us. He pointed out a really big guy leaning against the side wall, watching the audience, who were mostly watching the band, and we started making our way through the packed room to him. Huh, they're pretty good, I thought idly, while Denny expertly navigated us through a sea of easy-to-bump-into feet and elbows. Not everyone could pull off that kind of look. He looked like a rock god. Utterly charming. My sister also had a choice turn-of-phrase for those kinds of eyes. Possibly, if I had seen them first, and not the singer, I would have thought them more attractive. He played the difficult sounding piece with a look of concentration on his face, his light eyes flicking over the crowd every once and awhile, then back down to his hands. I got the impression he would rather be playing that instrument. His arms were covered in bright, colorful tattoos, like an art mural, and he flew through the complicated drum patterns effortlessly, while scanning the crowd with a big grin on his face. He seemed like he'd be easy going. he yelled over the music, trying to mimic Denny's accent, and butchering it horribly. No point in making myself look stupid. I smiled wider as they gave each other a swift  hug. He obviously worked as a bouncer here. he asked, before Denny could answer his first question. But overall, I felt very average. I couldn't help but think that some day he was going to get his ass seriously kicked. When they were finished catching up, we said our goodbyes. I realized I was ready to leave for more than one reason. I glanced over, but none of the four were looking our way. But that wasn't what made me stop and listen. He stopped my breath. His powerful song still played on and again, I wished I could stay to hear the end. Maybe Kellan was someone worth getting to know better? The driveway looked just big enough for two cars, so Denny pulled into the spot farthest from the front door. And to our right, was a set of stairs that curled around to the top floor. Not one to miss an opportunity, I grabbed Denny's shirt and pulled him suggestively to that bed. Some things were just too important. Careful to not disturb him, I stood and made my way to the hall. I hadn't heard him come in last night, but he seemed like the type to stay out 'til four and sleep in 'til two, so I took a chance and turned the knob. Hmmm…maybe another time. I couldn't help it - it just felt so good to be clean again. I was concentrating on remembering which bag in our chaotic pile held my stuff, when I noticed that Kellan's door was now open…and occupied. I could have taken a marker and etched every single line. Mentally chastising myself for not putting the tank top and lounge pants I had slept in back on before leaving the bathroom, I awkwardly extended a hand to him in some feeble attempt at formality. I had no idea how to politely get out of this odd meeting though. At least for those meetings, I would have more clothes on…I hoped. He still looked tired and I hoped I hadn't awoken him. I teased him. The palace may have looked breathtaking in red and gold hues of the sunset but it was obvious from the rider's expression that he wasn't in the mood to admire the beauty. The man was of medium build and height but the sheer arrogance he held himself with made other's feel like he towered over them. His cousin was steadily growing into a pest and he needed to be taken care of but first he needed to pull himself out of this dilemma. He wanted to comfort her but his ego was too vile to let him. And I haven't done anything historical either so I don't know how well I'll be able to accomplish the dialogues and period. I sprinkled fresh, delicious toppings and I argued with my coworker about the fact we couldn't play his Death Metal music on the speakers because we couldn't have songs like Maze of Torment and Lord of All Fevers and Plague playing in a friggin' frozen yogurt shop. Basically – gosh damn, he was hot. I instantly noticed from the school emblem that he was studying at my university's bitter rival – but I was more than ready to wave a flag and defect at the sight of him. Where was he? Oh wait, never mind, it sounded vaguely like the Barney theme song. I heard him chuckle and my skin tingled. You can be the toppings on my yogurt any day, I thought, in that completely not-sexual-but-kinda way paired with a coy growl. He heard me. Stupid kid. There wasn't much I could see or know about him when I was hiding behind a counter whenever he dropped by, right? Did he eat his yogurt slowly and suck the tip of the plastic spoon to savor every bit of the tangy tart taste? That was close. Hey, if I was as half as good looking as he was, I would too. I took a bite of the banana and gulped it down. I sprinkled each ingredient into the yogurt cup, ignoring the way Melvin was raising his eyebrow at me. I wiped my hands on my apron and handed the yogurt cup back to Melvin. Butterflies bloomed in my stomach just by watching the little ways he reacted to things. He glanced down at the yogurt cup and smiled to himself. But I was sure that it was those excess toppings that made him come back every week, instead of dropping by many of the other yogurt shops sprouting on our street, and if five dollars was what needed to be sacrificed for him to drop by the shop, I was more than ready to give it up. He made up different excuses just so he could go to the storeroom and let me add my extra toppings. I turned back to my semi-idiotic, still-below-me freshman coworker. My voice grew small and I felt myself growing smaller and smaller. I knocked my fist against my head and tried to forget about it, but I couldn't. How I was going to do that, he didn't need to know. I was definitely living a very sad life. It wasn't even that great. Jeez. Darn, I was almost done. Nearly every couple in the shop was sharing one large Valentine's special frozen yogurt with those googley-couple eyes as they fed each other honey glazed strawberries. . noticeable. he was more lithe and slender than he was built. . . We'll be late for English". . . . would you mind horribly changing seats? ". Even if he was a bit loony. I was better off dating the cheerleading squad. . ". You wanna stand up"? . . . . I'll let you all work outside. . . ". . . to me. call me an idealist, but I like happy endings". . obsessed, even. . . . tour thing in the Yukon. . . seven"? . . well, a violin. but damn, could the boy play a violin. I.. . With an accent. © hotcheri. So just to be on the safe side. I will alert you when there be lemons. Oh, the shame. When Wanda, Nala's mother, had forced Nala to become more involved in her community instead of moping around in her bedroom, spending all her time on FictionPress, Nala had finally agreed to help out at the fair on one condition- she would man the dunk tank. It had all panned out so fluidly in Nala's mind, but she hadn't planned on Wanda getting sidetracked by a huge sign that said 'Be a Kissing Princess! She didn't understand that all Nala wanted was to be left alone in order to figure out how she had misjudged Aaron so badly. But Aaron didn't seem to mind that her only claim to fame was being a sleeping member of the school yearbook, proven when he asked her to the Spring Formal, where they had their first kiss. Way to be living proof of the cliché 'popular boy, quiet, sarcastic girl'! Janelle called her up the very next day, horrified at the way everything had gone down. And she hated herself for wishing, hoping, that one day Aaron would wake up and realize that he still felt something for her, yet she couldn't stop fantasizing about it. Unfortunately, one of the 'perks' of living in a smallish town all of her life was that at the end of the week, everybody knew Nala's business. ) was the group of well-wishers who had appointed themselves as her designated matchmakers. She just talked way too much, which was why Nala had packed her trusty PSP. It was way too early in the morning for anybody to be so chirpy. This was going to be a long ass day. Nor did she want to. That got rid of him pretty fast. It was a smile that would have felt right at home in Nalaville, but it was far too conniving to belong on Deanna's face. Who had died recently? She knew what that look said- 'let me help you'. Lord knows she had never shared them with anyone, not even Janelle, not even Aaron, and she had told Aaron quite a bit about how much she missed the only man in her life. Nala didn't hate Janelle for it, but she knew she would never be able to trust her best friend ever again. Directly after all the hoopla had gone down, she couldn't look at his face without wanting to cry. Because Nala definitely didn't want to stick around for that experience. You'll love him"! Looking up, her mouth dropped open as she took in the sight before her. This guy standing in front of her half of the kissing booth was a Grade A goon. The guy was totally disregarding the heat that made Nala wish she could get away with wearing just her bikini and looking at him made her want to melt into a puddle and disappear. Stupid shorts. Poor girl was a jerk magnet. Shoes. Perfect after lunch entertainment. God, couldn't she go anywhere without people trying to hook her up with the nearest Tom, Dick and Harry? These things were supposed to only happen when you weren't looking, right? Nala thought he was a little on the jerk off side, but Deanna seemed to like her jerks (side eye at Ed Hardy Douche), so she didn't say anything. This relationship did not look promising. Stupid lip gloss. Maybe if she ignored whoever it was, he or she would take the hint and vamoose. This cookie jar stayed closed. the voice persisted. Maybe she knew him from somewhere- did his t-shirt really say 'I Piss Excellence'? . 'It seemed like a good idea at the time' rang through her head. That was way hotter than it should have been. It was high time she stopped this ridiculousness in its tracks. Maybe it wasn't a good idea to be looking into his eyes while she was trying to be stern with him, though. It definitely wasn't Excellence who was having that effect on her. The way he was making her feel just wasn't right. She could practically see the cogs turning in his head. Most, if not all of them, lived on Diamond Row, where all the rich people lived. A derisive snort. Unfortunately, it looked like he was mostly concentrating on not laughing, something which didn't go over well with Nala. He pooched out his bottom lip, actually making the puppy dog face look cute instead of ridiculous. she said glibly. If only he knew that getting fired didn't really faze her, since she wasn't even getting paid for this gig. Or was he trying to con her? Nala wanted to run her hands across his toned arms and feel his body against hers and- and he was looking into her eyes like he wanted to do the same to her! Nope, instead it had everything to do with 'OMG he's so close to me that we're almost touching and he smells soooo damn good'. They locked gazes, Excellence holding hers suggestively. The reasonable part of her mind was shutting down fast, especially as she made the dire mistake of glancing at his full, parted lips. So much for resistance. His fingers dug into Nala's skin as she moaned, assuring her that, for whatever reason, he was into this as much as she was. Excellence's tongue tantalizingly swept over her lips, licking its way into her mouth, and he groaned when his tongue met hers. Daringly, she let her teeth nip at the fullness of his lower lip, and in response, she was rewarded by a soft, shuddering moan as his hips rocked forward. They'd only been doing it for a matter of minutes, but it felt so familiar somehow, so right, like she'd done it before. Maybe if she kept her eyes shut, he would take the hint and go away. What the hell had she been thinking? he whispered, a cute crooked grin turning up his lips. And now he was gone, possibly heading to make another girls life a living hell with his persistence and that danged cute smile and- and- was that his phone gleaming on the counter? A small smile touched the corners of her lips as she picked it up and put it in her pocket. I just had to post something to reassure you that I'm still alive and still trying to write. I wondered how he could be so carefree when his best friend was lying dead on the floor. asked an incredulous Hayley. My mom works at a health club where she's a personal trainer. I needed the cash to buy some more. Angelo's niece Luisa made killer cookies and brownies. They seemed more intent on yelling at each other in Italian, anyways. I had to go up. Oh yeah, and I couldn't forget his friendly but somewhat mischievous green eyes. I pretty much threw the change at the guy. Then I put the lid on, put a straw in, and gave it to the guy. I don't even remember which guy it was. He was watching the guy leave through our big front window. The first time she snuck into a bar was when she was sixteen and a half with her boyfriend at the time (his name is unimportant). They got drunk, ended up in his dorm room, and… well did things that every child pretends their parents never partook in. They dated for two months, realized how incompatible they were, and decided that they could have a kid without having to live through hell with one another. Both my parents wanted me to have their own surname and argued almost throughout the whole labor. My mother would get to name me, while I kept my father's surname. So along with all those men and women, aged twenty-five through fifty, was a five year old girl who kept getting into fights with the camels. China, Japan, Germany, Australia, Britain, Egypt, Brazil, Greenland, Africa, the list is endless. Most of the druggies (Golden Heart is where they end up after they overdose, even if they are from five towns over) have come to fear my mother. The school district is widely considered one of the best in the country, due to all of the generous donations given. But then, there wouldn't be much of a story, would there? She's African American, beautiful, and damn good at giving advice on how to get out of a sticky situation by using femme fatale. Some of the names on the list are worse than what my father had picked wanted to call me. It's supposed to he pronounced shi-theed. Pronounced As-shole-ee. Laura nodded her thanks and walked to where I directed. I would have thought she was wearing tan nylons but I could tell from the low cut collar of her suit that her skin was naturally that beautiful bronze. He wore his own Armani suit and shiny black shoes. She had been one of the lucky few to inherit her parents' good looks, and had the same exotic features. Her full lips pulled into a smirk and her eyes glimmered with mischief. I rule at wheel-stool racing. There's a rumor going 'round that she use to be a female wrestler that got banned for killing her manager after the man scammed her out of some of her earnings. Ouch. Kids can be so cruel. In fact, two of those private school girls became my very best friends; Sofia Caprice Dal Monte and Natale Mona Dal Monte, also known as the Dal Monte twins. The twins don't like talking about it, so I leave it alone. The curly hair is just so hard to take care of, though! Did I fall asleep or something? Apparently, though, I'm the only idiot who rides the bus this late. ! He cocked his head to the side, revealing a clip-like silver earring on his left ear. Somehow Venturi was close enough to reach over and grab hold of my shoulders before I could hit the ground. When he was finished he pushed me behind him and looked back at the two boys who were now cowering in fear at the entrance of the ally. He pulled me to a rather awesome looking motorcycle and handed me the helmet that lay on the handle bar. I held onto him for dear life, closing my eyes and trying to breathe normally. Okay, that would be near impossible since I'm one of the only virgins left at Winchester Private, but still. I you haven't you have got to go out and look for a boy who can use that seductive tone; it can make you shiver from head to toe. This kiss, however, was full of a forbidden passion that I have never partaken in before. When she realized she had been caught, she gave me a nasty look and disappeared. I sighed whimsically. She stared at me with wide eyes. For the first time, though, I felt I had to lie to the Dal Monte twins. I stopped dead in my tracks when I saw the reason Haruka wanted us to go another way. As he passed, girls stared up at him in awe. He was like the fatale blossom of the Jimson Weed; he entices with his fragrance, but one suckle could very well be your last moment of reality. It was like any other uniform; a white button down shirt, a short navy blue skirt, knee high socks and shining black shoes. Without delay, everyone else followed collectively in the same suit. Tears mingled with rain as they coursed down the girl's cheeks and she drifted dangerously close to the edge. Right. And okay, I'm rambling again. I didn't. Good job oversleeping, genius! Blinking, she swiped her wrist across her eyes and stared more carefully while slowing her pace to a jog toward them. What the – I don't look that bad, do I? All they'll think of when they hear the name Kaetlyn Worthing is that dumb girl who got killed by someone who was trying to kill herself. Should she wait around her death spot in case there's something like a dead people collector to come get her? Should she try to head for her dorm? Would she just drift around watching her funeral take place and the years roll by? Anything besides waiting for what appeared to be nothing. It was one of the few places that made Kaetlyn feel warm. Yes, thank goodness I can still sit and lay down - I guess the 'going through things' rule doesn't apply to horizontal obstacles. A lock of wavy black hair fell into those eyes that seemed to bore right into her. She was suddenly overwhelmed by the desire to just talk to the guy, to finally make use of the fact that no one can obviously see her instead of feeling so confused and useless. Uh huh, there really is no difference from life after all. Her voice came out in an unseemly croak and she coughed, clearing her throat as she tried again. She continued,  She added the last part in a rush. I am not cut out to be an actress. Kaetlyn swallowed uncomfortably. She turned to look back at the man and bit her lip sympathetically. Distribution of any kind is prohibited without the written consent of Maeven. Or download a few of their songs, at least. And you think to yourself; how is it possible that I've never heard of this band before when 1) everyone else obviously has, and 2) they're bloody everywhere! It happens so often in fact, that I've come to believe that it's some Mysterious Power's way of introducing new things in my life. If you can imagine a triangle, one point being his index finger, one his thumb and the third one somewhere on his wrist, that's where it was. But it doesn't matter; I'm not going there again. I seemed to fly from the stupid red carpet outside the door, across the street, through the air, until I landed softly in someone's arms. Then I thought, , before answering my own question; . It seemed funny at the time, at least. I think I probably expected a fat bald guy, actually. But even if it meant his skin wasn't perfect, it seemed to add the last touch to the overall appearance, which, if it wasn't perfection, was damn well near. It felt like we were standing like that for an eternity. I was never a big fan of the whole gay lobby conspiracy idea until I found out about that. I could hear them talk, but they weren't talking loud enough that I could tell what they were saying. The other guy was wearing a pair of baggy jeans, black t-shirt, one of those broad leather bracelets around his right wrist, and a knackered once-white England cap pulled down to cover most of his face. I kept quiet and let her get it off her chest. Ok, here goes nothing. I always do that when I'm drunk, only to wake up in bright sunshine with a splitting headache. And in any case, I don't use fabric softener. That is not fucking right. I turn my back to it and continue my assessment of the room. There's a pair of jeans and a white shirt thrown over the back of the black sofa, but apart from that - and that rug hanging in the window - everything seems to be put away. Normally right before someone throws the first punch. It's bad enough that I am. This needs to stop right here. I need to get out. Typical that the fucker has to live on the top floor. Probably adds to the psychoness. When I'd followed on October twelfth, Tully had been the first person of my generation to make my acquaintance. This was my earliest memory. We'd been inseparable. Tully had never come to suspect anything, and life had continued. If I didn't have to stare into those bright green eyes of his every day, I'd figured, my heart would stop hammering like a marching band drummer on steroids every time he was near me. I'd gone off to boarding school in the fall, and that was that. Tully rooming with Amory involved both, so I naturally did what I always tended to do when a problem arose in my life: I went to a friend for advice. she asked. I asked. From across the room, my gaze lit on a familiar, tall brunette. In fact, he had no idea that Tully and I even knew each other at all. I indicated the curly-haired Brit on my left, then gestured to the tall brunette with deep blue eyes on my right. Though I didn't have a measuring tape on hand, since I wasn't in the habit of carrying random tools around (with the arguable exception of Amory), I could tell that Tully had cleared the six-foot mark. Attempting not to let on, I snaked an arm around behind him and awkwardly patted him on the back. Five minutes of sizzling later, it was complete, and I smothered the entire thing in hot sauce. Tully picked up on this. It was just weird being around him again after everything that had happened between us. It was deep and rich, rolling around in his chest and creating a warm, pleasant sound. Coming chapters will definitely be a lot more humorous now that we're past all the perfunctory introduction stuff. I definitely enjoy playing it, though. She is flawed, she does foolish things sometimes, and she doesn't always make the right choices—I love her anyway. Stupid, she had learned, was her superpower. His eyes were somewhat large and expressive—although they were selectively expressive, and only expressed whatever feelings he wanted to you believe he was feeling. That had been when she was 17 going on 18, then newly 18. Mr. Right was a decent guy, he looked at her sincerely, and unlike Jack, he never lied to her. In fact, it was as if he and his homely girlfriend of four years had never even broken up—she must have imagined him telling her that they did. She didn't mean to, didn't want to, but somehow she still loved him, even though he treated her like dirt beneath his feet. (They did live together, after all. telling her that he was falling in love with her, that he had liked her since he met her, and wanting to know if she loved him. He had never been single for more than two weeks, so he wasn't going to wait around on her for four months. Then she could have just avoided the windfall of mistakes that he would cause to become part of her formerly predictable life. He waited for her for months, and that after the initial two years she had made him wait first. Even then he had found her virginity extraordinary, so the fact that she had managed to hold onto it for so long while not being Amish, being attractive, nice, and around the opposite sex—completely remarkable. All she managed to find was a crappy job working at the local KFC/Pizza Hut around the corner, but it was in walking distance (everything was) and since they were the only ones to call, she couldn't be picky. The man started to follow, but then his cell phone started ringing, so he answered it instead, turning just slightly in the other direction. The baby wouldn't know that, and here she was, using the bottom of Julie's skirt to tug herself up into a standing position. Julie couldn't see his eyes, because that would require his gaze actually being pointed in her direction. That would probably be when he would notice, and then he would assume she was some sort of baby snatcher. Besides, she would have to make as much or more as a nanny than where she worked. I don't know if anyone will like it, but I stumbled back across it and thouoght,  Let me know if you'd like to see more! Thank you! She counted three drawers down, opened it, and after several moments of sifting through various lipstick tubes, she produced the key with a look of triumph on her angelic little face. She looked just as lovely at 40 as she had at 25, and it was obvious that she knew it. While her two older sisters had their mother's lovely baby blues, Meredith had inherited her father's eyes: big, soulful, and deep, deep brown, full of innocence and wonder. Carefully, tenderly, the woman reached in and took out the beautiful necklace, holding it up for all to admire. . She shot her mother a nasty look. The only babysitter she could remember in recent history who really got her, who really spoke her language, who really treated her like an equal instead of like some annoying, snot-nosed brat he had the displeasure of watching for eight bucks an hour. she cried again, hugging his legs tightly, her shrieks muffled by his coat. Unlike his body, however, his face was actually quite proportional and surprisingly handsome, if you looked hard enough; he was blessed with sculpted bone structure, a perfectly straight nose, full lips, and a strong, square jaw line. His would-be attractive face was dominated by several large red, blotchy patches of acne, as well as by a myriad of  corrective contraptions; his pretty turquoise eyes were hidden behind thick, over-sized glasses, and when he smiled down at her, he exposed a mouth full of gleaming metal braces. Certainly not. She took an uneasy look at Chris, and her shell pink lips parted to give a rather forced smile. he stammered, stumbling over his words, flashing a slightly dopey smile. A flip of her blonde mane and one striking look from her stunning baby blues was all it took for the boys to fall all over themselves for her, and clearly, Chris was no exception. It was an exercise in both mental and physical toughness. Gritting her teeth in determination, the little girl poised herself on the starting line, ready to race to victory. his long legs and lack of coordination didn't exactly make him well-suited to such an activity. Giggling maniacally, Meredith ran over and grabbed one of the basketballs, frantically beginning to take shots. It went in easily. Just like you practiced! . . . fifteen! he yelled in his best sports broadcaster voice, scooping her up, placing the giggling girl on top of his shoulders and beginning to run around the driveway amidst her shrieks of laughter. Friends 4ever. Hope you liked it and please review! I AM ALIVE! . So, to get back into it, I'm going to continue all the unfinished stories i left hanging 5/6 years ago. so my opinions on them nine years later have most likely changed ha ha. so don't be an idiot and copy my work okay? "Why me? she explained, trying her best to keep the slow, burning rage out of her voice. Julia put a hand to her forehead and took a deep breath, trying to calm herself down as her boss watched in interest, and then eventually tried again. She glanced again at the manuscript. FML. She found Mr. Dryer speaking to one of the interns about their imminent guests and waited for him to finish before putting her hands together in a placating gesture. And a fix was definitely what she needed if she was going to get through the next hour of her life. Why didn't you just fall down a hole and die after college? By the time they were both Juniors, most people knew who Kevin was—the random English major in student government who had aspirations to become a lawyer, who ran for Vice President and won, and who generally had the entire school in the palm of his hand. That was a positive, and you could never have too many positives. The part the line was from could be especially telling, though ultimately she would have to read his damn book to know for sure. She stood, morosely, and picked up her coffee and the manuscript, and followed him in. Must be some kind of manuscript. And then, comically, he stopped mid-shake. Maybe if she ignored the fact that Kevin Larson was staring at her with the same utter shock she'd experienced just moments before, no one else would think anything of it. Julia guessed that much probably hadn't changed, either. As she filled two clear plastic cups with water from the cooler, she mentally talked herself down from the fit she was about to have. You can do this. If Kevin had his way, he wouldn't stop until she was out on the street, face down in the gutter. No amount of charisma could save him once it came out that the school's sweetheart, the Vice President of student government, was paying somebody else to write his English essays. She might have facilitated his downfall, might have even prided herself on it now on some level, but the fact still remained that he was the one who broke the rules in the first place—if his life was ruined, it was his fault, not hers. But his dark blue eyes were bitter when he met her gaze and she knew that he wasn't happy, and that this war wasn't over. She understood now why Alan Price believed so strongly in the promise of the young writer, and why his office pushed so hard to have his book moved up the schedule. An artistic and commercial success, as Mr. Dryer had put it. This depth, this feeling, it had to come from somewhere. It wasn't until she got in the elevator, moving absently onto one side to make room for the other bodies moving in with her, that her attention was interrupted. He, of course, followed her. Certainly, even if she did manage to get her two cents in, Julia doubted very much that Kevin would even take it seriously. She paused at her desk only to snatch her purse up off her chair and made it half way to the elevator before it opened and Mr. Dryer walked out. Her sister answered on the second ring, worry in her voice. She asked her sister. Popular, powerful men who took advantage of their situations, thought they couldn't be touched, and made headlines bleed ink when the truth came out. And for that year and a half of torture, she'd never forgiven him. She paid rent for her room, though it was substantially cheaper than what she'd have to pay if her sister wasn't her landlord, and often babysat for the couple to make-up for the disparity. She didn't recognize the number. It was clearly a 'bumming around the house' outfit and not a 'I am prepared to accept your [shitty] apology' outfit. She realized Kevin had glanced at her in surprise at the name, and shrugged at him. Julia had yet to see an actual printed copy of it, complete with the gorgeous cover and the ISBN on the back that marked it officially as a piece of published, recognizable literature, but she'd also been working with the damn thing for months and therefore was in no great hurry about it. Julia was proud of what they'd accomplished, and more than that, grateful that she'd been given the opportunity and had the courage to follow it through. The fact that her superiors were also impressed with the work she'd done only made her grin even larger. That included dancing in front of her mirror while Michael Jackson played on the radio. Smiling, she collected her purse and her phone as she started for the door. He gestured for her to slide in first so she did, setting her wine down so she didn't spill it, and then glanced at the bag on the table. He sipped his whiskey and nodded towards it. She grinned, and glanced up at him. Somebody called him over shortly after and Kevin shrugged at her. It was under the first dedication to his parents, short and sweet, but she couldn't help but feel lightheaded because of it. She felt his lips against her jaw briefly during their second song, and slid her hand from his shoulder to his neck in response, every fiber of her longing for more of the same. She'd noticed it a while ago, that change, but she'd never quite seen them look the way they did just then. She felt his arm tighten around her, drawing her closer, and slid her other hand around his neck when he ran his through her hair. That she even knew that was telling enough. Indeed, Reed was his own dimension of asshole, which explained what he was doing running stark naked through the school cafeteria with Hayven MacaFee and the rest of his gang. Needless to say, they hadn't been much help. Almost. He looked absolutely perfect, every inch of him pure muscle as he ran across the cafeteria, dawning a devilish grin like the cat that just ate the canary. No such luck. And, right now, unfortunately, they seemed to hold some odd control over my voice box, leaving me speechless as I opened my mouth and nothing came out. Very bad. It was deep and controlled, in a way that made me think telling him my name was probably more of a demand than a request. God, I probably looked like some sort of dim witted idiot, opening and closing my mouth like the question he'd asked was far beyond my comprehension. And, to top it off, everyone was staring, seeping up every bit of the drama that was taking place, clinging to each word as if their lives depended on it. I could feel the eyes of every person in the cafeteria on me as I tried to appear as unassuming as possibly, turning my attention back to my sack lunch and taking a small bite of my peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I was wiping dirt off the cover when I saw her. She lifted her head and, for a second, I swear she looked right at me but she brushed her black hair away from her eyes and went right back to drawing. I never stopped, always walked straight to my next class, content with the view from a distance. . I've heard a lot of negative things, Mr. A—but I stood up for you, of course. Though I don't expect it to work, but here goes: I'll admit my biggest, darkest secret. Let's just say that I've known for years—which, in my life, means practically forever. You were a major supporter on that claim. He's also captain of the football team and a vegetarian. Great thinking, huh? Or shouldn't I? Even though he'd have to be a complete idiot if he didn't know the half of it already—however, men are known for being dense. Please review? ASL? I have a girlfriend. Later. Ugh! But he didn't call back. I love you Daddy". Josh was the opposite of ugly. It's everywhere. I just knew it was. Plagiarism will be met with firm legal action (read: I will sue your fucking ass from here to eternity). And I was bitter because I hadn't gotten my happy ending. We were both black-haired and together, we fucked up so many times that I lost count. But better safe than sorry. But if it hasn't already happened, then I've just saved myself the heartache and misery that several authors are going through right now. Plus, it's my senior year and if there was ever a time I needed to concentrate, it's now. I just don't know when. But what with my being disillusioned (waking up to the true danger of posting on FictionPress, I mean) and suddenly worried about my big-time publication chances, it is, at the moment, a very remote possibility. Read the very similar author's note there, if you want. They lived a world apart, yet somehow, love found them together…'Hm… I turned the book back over, the bold heading, 'Learn to love me' screamed into my uncertain face. Damn, I have been reading too much. I tripped and rolled painfully down the flight of stairs, landing ungracefully in front of somebody's feet. The loud thud as my bottom hit the hard concrete sent my torturers into a laughing frenzy. I mean, yeah, I do tell them stuff and listen when they tell me stuff (yes, I DO listen actually, sometimes) but I wouldn't tell everything to any of them, you know, like best friends do in fictional stories. (Tap the table patiently. ), freaks, loners, and any other abnormal, so to speak, people in our beautiful modern society. Some. She's not one of the Populars, but one of the Middles, but her nasty attitude made her seem like a Popular in our miniature gang. Hottest guy in school. I can still enjoy a little romance in my life (or books), can't I? Meena is actually derived from one of my friends but she turned out meaner than I had intended… oops. The guy didn't answer, and I sighed. at all, you must be pretty smart. I can handle it". A tattoo? Big whoop! In this case, it was like one was taken away, but another one was given to me. The water warmed and I took a soundless shower. I sighed and pushed it down with my fingers; it didn't help. I ran my fingers through my hair and the bounded down the stairs for some breakfast. Although the world was silent to me, sometimes the minds of people are much more horrific than anything anyone could say or do. 'He wants you to stay with him till Christmas. He didn't know sign language; much less know about me hearing thoughts. It was their own little refuge where not even the vicious storm that stirred on the horizon could affect them. She would give her life away just to see me happy. It was probably like what it would feel like to a hearing person to be constantly at a rock concert with no way out. There were emotions not capable of speech, and there were people whose thoughts were more disturbing than anyone could ever possibly do or say. 'Do you want to come to the store with me? I settled on ghost hunters, and soon after my eyes started to get heavy as I began to fall asleep. See you on Saturday. 'Your step-mom, is pregnant. There was no way this was going to work out. What if they were like me? …No. REVIEWWWWWWW. Because Devil Take It All was supposed to be a one chapter one-shot deal, but it started getting longer and longer and now I'm going to make it more than one chapter. Thanks! Overall, I have everything to live for. Her eyes, now looking sad, are brown and her mouth is moving, but I can't hear her over the buzzing in my ears. The results said that I had a maximum of three weeks to live; I don't see the point of spending taxpayer money on a lost cause. There, I buy three dozen donuts and clear out the lady's donut rack altogether. My entire family is at home today, which is very rare. My other sister, 22-year-old Neveda, is sitting with my mother on the couch, leaning on her shoulder. I dress in my skimpiest dress, apply make-up, grab my purse, and head out to the clubs. I change my mission and head for the bar instead. I do too. I answer the unspoken question by throwing my arms around him and pulling my body to his. I suck on it and he groans, pulling me tighter against him and lowering his own mouth to my neck. He is also naked. It had hurt. He is probably telling the truth. I remember with a blush that I had not worn any. They are stained red and are proof that I had been a virgin. I guess he's new in town or merely visiting. It has been 40 minutes since that last phone call and I am, once again, seated in front of my doctor in shock. The hospital had redone her test results and figured out the error on their part. An 'error' had made me give up my virginity to a man I didn't love, and had changed my entire life. if only I waited a day, I think sullenly. . They accept my lie about having partied with friends, and then slept over to avoid driving after drinking. I am more or less back to my old self, and my family and friends no longer treat me as one would treat glass or thin ice. Nobody at the office has seen or met him yet, but his reputation as a businessman is impeccable. Mr. Lansing is the new owner. With a brief hello, she motions me to follow and leads me to a room at the far end of the building. The one piece of colour in the room is a large painting hanging on the left wall; it is an abstract piece, and very compelling. He is probably in his early 30s and his face is a study of concentration. I tell him about them, delighted that he took an interest, and try to avoid the hunger pains in my stomach. I am leaning over Dan's shoulder at his desk and see by the phone caller display that it is Jenna. he says, and hangs up. Chad is the other player involved in The Deed. So what do you think? So, onwards! Just sayin'. Sorry! His jeans were ripped, and he had a hood pulled up over his head. Or even just for the hell of it. He had his hands in his jacket pockets, and looked completely at home. If he weren't so interesting to look at, Liam would have wanted to paint him. He'd thrown the mail on the coffee table. When he brought them out, Graham was flipping through the magazine and humming a little. He also hoped he didn't end up with an orange mustache like Graham had. His eyes widened. But he was surprised to find he had enjoyed having someone else around. So instead, he started for the door. He really hoped he didn't look stupid. It sounded right, so he took a deep breath and rounded the corner. His hair looked longer, almost long enough to touch his eyebrows, but it was almost defying gravity in its messy arrangement. he demanded. There were old posters covering the windows, making it impossible to see inside. It was just like Graham had described, but nothing like Liam had imagined. He chewed for a second, and Liam imagined his tongue changing colors like his hair. The bruise around his eye looked new, like it had only happened the day before. And he was almost certain Graham couldn't hear the music, but he began to beat his fingers along with Liam's. He probably couldn't point out a picture of Britney Spears if he had to. Then he handed the attached CD player to Liam. His ears were hot. By the fourth ring, he resigned himself to answering it. For some reason, he could also picture her in combat boots. He should have waited another few days to finish the red paint. She also had a permanent semi-scowl. Then he felt mildly guilty for his thoughts and went to get her a glass of champagne in apology. He wasn't up and coming and he wasn't famous. Graham thought he was dating his harpy of an agent. Then she glared. His face heated up immediately. Especially at three in the morning. Two months ago, he would have balked at the idea of someone seeing him half naked. he said wistfully. His eyes were half open, and for a single moment, he looked completely sober. Graham didn't seem to mind, he just kept sucking, until finally, he looked up with a wicked grin. After all, they had only know each other for a little over two months, and Liam still felt weird just sharing casual touches. He patted Graham's cheek. he mumbled. His whole body felt hot. He looked like one of those models Liam always saw on billboards. At his confused glance, Graham laughed awkwardly. There wasn't much room left in the bag, but when Liam pulled everything else out, there was a piece of paper at the bottom of the bag. When Liam stepped forward, he threw the belt loosely around his hips, sliding it through only one belt loop so it hung at an angle. Graham knew all of that. He would never get used to the height difference, or Graham's weirdly long arms. He noticed Liam squinting. Compared to their first kiss, it was completely tame, but it wasn't any less perfect. he tried to say casually. And he wasn't sure why he was whispering, but it didn't stop him. He still didn't move, though, just looked down his nose at Liam. As their lips met in a kiss, Liam decided that tomorrow, he was going to toss out that book. Okay, so please let me know what you thought! Allyson, on the other hand, was a pathetic romantic, which is probably the reason why she's never had a boyfriend, which, according to Lou was completely unforgivable when you're 17 with raging hormones. True, some people may take advantage, but it never bothered Al whose only concern is helping out. By the time she called Al in desperation, Al was already heading out for the bake sale to help raise money for hurricane victims. she said with a naughty smile. When Lou winked at Al, she had to look away to keep herself from laughing. Heck, she couldn't even curse properly to save her life. Lou, though, was stuck with the class outcast. They finally met up for lunch and squeezed in at their usual table which they shared with their other friends. What crime has he done? For students, a note from Fuller is as bad an omen as possible. She could not remember any school rule she violated during the past week, nor the last time she failed to follow one. But she was also curious to know what Fuller wanted her to do. How dare she defy his preconceived picture of his 'school guide'? She decided then that it was distrust she was seeing in his coffee-colored eyes. Jacob Strauss was bad news. The stubborn scowl in his face also didn't give much promise of disappearing soon. He would have smiled except that he never smiled, or laughed for that matter. Again, he almost smiled when he saw her mouth drop the slightest bit. Oh boy, it's going to be one long afternoon! Please send me your reviews! His charm failed to bring her to her knees, but enchanted her mind nonetheless. It made her smile even as she shook her head at his outlandish desire. None of David's girlfriends were ever serious, something that Megan gave him endless grief over. The amount of trickery required to fool David's parents into thinking that she was his girlfriend would be unprecedented to her, and she couldn't even imagine how to begin to think about it. As she slipped closer and closer to sleep, her cell phone rang, jarring her out of her peaceful doze. He noticed that Megan squeezed her eyes closed tighter as the light tried to wake her. It was the first thing he had noticed when they met, that her eyes were such a vivid green they almost shimmered. She had heard nothing of his mother, whom he seemed wary and afraid of. Rufus ran after it with a delighted yelp. David took it from the dog and tossed it again. he repeated like a mantra, relief clear in his voice. she added, finally voicing her biggest fear of the adventure he proposed. I would appreciate it! (: Send this some lovin'! The air was stifling, her clothes were suddenly too tight, and she felt like she was about to pass out. No one needed to know that she was really a bitch. She spotted a cooler to the side and reached for a sealed water bottle. Ooh, loved his charm. he growled in her ear, and she felt his hand dangerously lower on her back. Teasingly, she placed an open mouth kiss on his neck. Hot, hot, hot. Raising her eyebrows, she crossed her arms under her breasts and made sure he was looking at her chest before she kicked his leg. She muffled her snickers at the abrupt dark look on his face. I was just wondering. Hell no. Rolling his eyes, he pushed her away. Actually, she really wanted to punch him across that pretty, perfect face of his. Or find her and bitchslap her off the face of the world. Frustrated and utterly annoyed - maybe crazily jealous as well - she smacked her forehead. He hasn't been with anyone for more than one night. Please. He didn't give a damn, but I always, always did. I was always awake for him. Probably checking if he didn't wake me up. It was a dangerous combination; the ever-present glint in his eyes scared me, but he didn't know. Everyone else was too scared or too awestruck. Frustrated, I scooted, the tight clench in my gut pissing me the hell off. I had a crappy day thanks to him; thanks to him, for showing up, for interfering. I wanted to get up and give him a piece of my mind. Hell no, he's not doing that with me. I wanted him to hate me. I was just that. I never figured out why. His chest was to die for. I mean, who wouldn't, if this was what you could wake up to every morning? Probably did. I made my way to my washroom. She was kickass, that's what she was. He shook his head from his thoughts. Shrugging, he left his cell unattended. The smirk that crossed his face couldn't be stopped. He exaggerated a wink, trying not to give in to her daggers. All fucking lies. His heart was banging against his ribcage, and he didn't even have to look to know what effect she had on him. She was definitely dressed with her knee length black leather boots; her hair was styled in wavy curls, and while her makeup was simple, she knew she looked good. Hell, what was wrong with that? She was totally Reed's type. Showing off his latest conquest. Bastard knew how to get to her. Just last week he was telling her he broke through Melody. At least she could get a little satisfaction from that. But she was rarely there whenever he was with them pre sex night. Lainey saw her hand slip from Reed's waist to his ass. She should give him a pat on the back for this one because she felt like shit. It made Lainey want to throw up. She could handle the shit he was throwing at her. His eyes eventually fell on Lainey who was casually swivelled around from her desk where he assumed she was doing her homework. Like hell she didn't know what this was about. She motioned sharply to her open door. He was no one's bitch. He had the right to be as angry as he wanted to do. Fucking bitch. Instead of the taunting kiss he expected, she laid her head on his shoulder - yeah, and that's when he faltered. Good. He tightened his grip, eyes shut closed, and he almost felt sick. He compensated for this weak moment by smirking mischievously at her. That was not acceptable. She leaned forward, her hands playing with the collar of his shirt. There was a strange moment between them, heart stopping and time-stilling. God, it was almost a physical ache. He ignored the looks he was receiving from females passing by, because - what the hell - he was wondering just why Lainey was talking to some jackass. She, unlike with him, smiled sweetly at him, her eyes glinting friendliness. It wasn't like she couldn't take care of herself. Lainey would probably brush by him roughly to teach him a lesson. He gave her his superior look as he looked down her body. As if she didn't know him. I mean, to him it really was nothing, but apparently, her best friend thought otherwise. It was like he didn't exist - like he didn't fucking matter anymore. she hissed. She never called him by his first name. He was hanging on by a thread. he mocked her. She smiled a little, a small self-disparaging smirk that made his whole chest hurt for causing this. Like they had to wait until the rest of the world was sleeping to show that they cared. He wanted her to hate him. She was the only one for him. It was even the same tilt of her head. He knew what she was. He didn't want her to run. she demanded almost agitatedly. He rolled his eyes a little, but he couldn't help the smile that quirked his lips. He won't lie. He felt his chest go tight. She choked on a sob and exhaled sharply. Why the fuck would he waste his time? He didn't doubt her. He looked at her, searching her eyes. To her indignation and his utter amusement, he gave her a demonstration. She didn't need him for anything else. Hope I didn't offend anyoneeee. (: HI. I have over a million reasons to hate a guy that has plagued my existence for the past – I don't know – sixteen years. Not necessarily material things, but things that you prize the most. He had been eating a melted mars bar before he had decided to crush those foul pair of lips against mine. Some best friend she turned out to be. I wasn't friends with him to begin with. I only bought this book because I liked the cover – its purple with black criss-crosses. What I'm gifted at, you tell me. So what I tend to do is wear large violet hoop earrings that tickle the base of my neck. It's not exceptionally special, just red, long, with purple streaks. Then I'm out of here. It's a pale girl with short black hair who's looking pretty lost right now, apart from the fact that she's wearing a smug expression on her face. She's coming over. Who wants to be named after a place? Sitting at the back so I don't have to hear my teacher drone on about octaves and treble clefs. Some people do want to sit with me. We are not compatible. Needless to say, the perfect match made in hell. How long is music class? I'm going to ask for a water break. I inquired. Even though people think I'm an alien, which I've been graciously dubbed, I am still capable of human feelings. At 5 foot 9, I'm taller than most of the girls in my grade. I have three or four girls pressing their faces up to the glass, probably breathing so hard the glass is fogging up. Really. Such as go outside and skip the rest of music class. Déjà vu. Smiling out of the yearbook. I need to socialize more. He took my hand and shook it. Of all schools in the county, he has to come to this one. Seriously, it's amazing how someone as nice as Principal Curtis could have such an unpleasant son. She doesn't seem to mind me scribbling in a purple and black and that's perfectly okay with me. He's probably off frying some poor human on a pitchfork and dancing around with his minions. The black and blue skateboarding shoes I can only assume are his son's. I'm leaving. Why am I still writing? Ah yes, vanity and hormones are a bad combination in a bikini. Tana flipped her long dark hair with a shake of her head. He caught her looking and grinned. The wavy hair, barely reaching to his lean corded shoulders in length, looked lazily wind-whipped and the effect was nothing short of sexy. All the other passengers sharing the boat for the afternoon were couples in their mid-forties. The combination of his rising color and handsome tan caused Rose Mary to take pity on him. So like a man to tease her for the very conversational fault she'd just graciously overlooked in him. But until then he was stuck with the woman and didn't want to make things any more unpleasant than they had to be. They looked a little less closely related to harpies. No joke. The edges of his open shirt fluttered out from his lean torso as he walked. The twenty-something French woman was everything the stereotype demanded: short, dark, perfectly styled hair and a bikini and chino shorts cut to the height of fashion. As a general rule, whichever story people give me the most reviews on is the one I feel motivated to write the fastest so if you like this and want to see more, leave a review. I hated the word. It was pitiful, she reflected, how she knew he'd eaten the same breakfast four days in a row. She'd never visited the city before, but hey, that was a minor detail. She was just one of the faceless thirty-odd students in her smaller classes, and in her Core Humanities lecture, one of the hundred-odd masses. It made her skin crawl that he could choke down such a revolting meal, but maybe it was a Bostonian delicacy. She lived in the A Tower, so she'd stared at the adjunct tower and counted fifteen signs before she quit. Apparently every college student, with his or her heart set on teenage rebellion, had taken up smoking with a vigor that made her wish she had an oxygen tank. The store probably had good coffee and magazines. Sunshine, blue skies - it was almost home, and she half-closed her eyes. Only in Boston, she was sure. he suggested nastily. Up and close, he was even more striking. she said. Clearly impatient, he glanced over his shoulder. Dismayed, Zara vacillated on the sidewalk, watching vendors and scalpers mill around in the throng, their voices pitching high, dueling each other for customers. And that was when she realized there had to be a baseball game, maybe between the Sox and Devil Rays, but she had no idea why people were yelling about the Yankees instead. She thought of Hollywood glamour, laid-back San Diego, and quixotic San Francisco, and she wanted to cry. The next chapter should be coming soon. . . I am so, so sorry"! Not. Haha. Had he? . ! until now. He's as nervous as hell. Now, to any other person, that gesture would seem as if we were just a young, married couple in love, sharing a secret that no one else in the room knows about. However, as the years went on, Stone became reckless and very playboy-like. When I returned, business degree in hand, I was ever so kindly informed that Stone and I were to be married so as to prevent him from a life as a father to illegitimate children and keep the family name from being tarnished. I'm sure it has something to do with the pretty secretary standing a few feet from us, silently challenging me, daring me to steal my own husband away from her. The next morning we would go on as if I was ignorant to his escapades, though he knew I wasn't. Criticism is always appreciated! . Matt smiled again in satisfaction. Ryan nodded and darted out the door. Why did Matt care? This was a territorial issue. Brian hauled himself up to his knees, then slowly to his feet. "You've obviously been through enough as it is. Matt's fury was growing. Matt stared hard at the blonde kid in front of him. Brian leaned down painfully and picked up his books again. I found a place to stay, this time for good. "Yeah, Brian Canton. Now Matt remembered why he'd found her so annoying. His mom died a few years ago. But he did add to it. Sherry reasoned. "Don't use this against him, Matt. Matt frowned and left the house. But now he could let it out. Deliberate slices all over them. What the hell was the deal with this asshole, anyway? Damn it! Matt admitted. Matt nodded, mostly to himself. The horror of the words set into Matt's head. Take them? Brian looked over at the desk and reached for the sheet of notepaper. "I can't stay here anymore, Matt. He had to be strong right now. "My house is in a gated community. Brian cocked an eyebrow. "I wouldn't force anything on you. "I never looked at you that way either. "My mom does. Matt asserted. Charlotte Reese Emerson was scrubbing a urinal. . ". The only way this could possibly get any worse is if someone- Reese's train of though was effectively interrupted as the only thing that could possibly make her situation any worse happened. But then, a terrible thought struck her. . ". By far it wasn't her best comeback, but if he had an inkling of her sincerity it would be more than enough. and now she was vice president! except she had no life, and no boyfriend. He was attractive and she knew it, only covered it up with proclamations of hatred. Her mind decided. it ended up sounding hot and breathy. . . She looked every bit as if she had just had a close encounter with a long time crush. what if it was turned off. . I'm still a virgin! . the copy machine. This was a setup and he has been stalking me to kill and or rape me! . . this, whatever this was, was driving her mad. He froze for a moment before leaning back away from her and reinstating his gaze. . please no. they were darker than Reese had ever seen them. . Sorry! The second is that his roommate Jonathan is standing over him, obviously horrified. The thought is disconcerting, but he doesn't really want to dwell on it presently. And that's as much detail as he can spare that thought right now. And possibly most horrifying of all is the smattering of hickeys on his hips and inner thighs. Once safely hidden behind his closed door, he allows himself a moment to breathe and collect his thoughts, which are admittedly too content bouncing wildly around his brain to allow Gunnar to corral them in any way. Especially on Thirsty Thursdays. ' Chuckling, he swings his bag over his shoulder and grabs a granola bar for the trek, making sure to lock his door behind him. But he's not going to go there. He really doesn't like breaking hearts after all. Time's up. He really is the coolest person he knows. Which is really a memory. Gunnar arches up as a mouth that shouldn't be legal sucks him in and a rough tongue licks a searing stripe from base to tip and over his weeping head and he's fucking panting because the same finger, now with green paint, is making a swirling pattern around his navel and Gunnar comes and comes and comes and he's sure he'll die because the room is spinning and he's actually seeing stars. Because once he has himself locked in a stall, one hand holding him up, the other wrapped tight around his cock, memories are tipping over him like a deck of falling cards. Thinking that he might actually be in love for the first time since he was dumb enough to believe in such a thing. For the second time this morning. He's going to just meditate on this thing until it's out of his system. Everything is hot and smooth and stiff and he's lapping at a cock that he can't seem to get enough of and he's never been so hungry in his life. Nothing has ever struck him this hard, this fast and he doesn't even know who it was that opened his eyes to all this color. That his toes curled and his thighs tensed. And then he'd—well, he doesn't really know what he'd do at that point, but Gunnar's never really been the plan-ahead type of person so that's not really his first concern. There are three. That somewhere, in a coffee shop halfway across town, the hottest fucking fuck he's ever had will be nursing an aching ass without him. Anyway, well, there you have it. He was so gorgeous standing there. Hell no, baby". Just our memories. ". But I digress. . . . everything else. mine. . acts. 0. You should be excited". . Two months had passed since Mike Winthrop dumped Violet on the eve of their wedding and Violet had done everything from throwing his possessions out the window, crashing every bit onto the street below, to burning his clothes in a trash bin. Not even her closest friends. The photo of Mike and her standing with her dad four months before he died in a car accident was the hardest to shred. She hoped Olivia didn't notice it. It was far into loathing. She had no idea how she would have survived the past few months without her best friend. Olivia fulfilled her maid of honor duties by stuffing Violet with ice cream until she thought she would burst and cried hysterically as usually prim and proper Olivia cursed Mike using every imaginable distasteful word under the sun. She had never realized how pretty her hair was until Mike walked up to her that first night and complimented her on it. Mike had whole-heartedly agreed. She did not get in immediately however. Circles were underneath her eyes that she wondered whether or not they would ever disappear. She had loved him more than anyone in the world and he had ripped her heart apart in his hands. If only she could just stay forever within her apartment and live out her life. The only thing they could do for her was make her feel damn good for the first time in weeks. So much for quitting. And like the jackass that he was, he wound up falling for it and believing her bullshit every time. Jamie was strictly a one-night stand kind of guy and Jen just wasn't the girl that could change him and his set in stone ways. He even believed in the whole business of soul mates. As of right now, he was enjoying his life just fine. Now, though, Jamie was beginning to consider it. He would not be afraid of going out just because the odds of her finding him were unsettling and frightfully high. He preferred to be scruffy. He was not going to let some one-hundred pound psycho brunette keep him from going. Dealing with Jen was not an easy task. He had never seen her there before because if he had, he would definitely had remembered her. He was no where near her and he already felt unworthy to be anywhere near her. And for some reason, still looking at the mystery girl, he realized that he could get very used to staring into them. There was something about him. This man looked as if he wanted to actually devour her. He never rushed drinking any type of beer. Toby though, naturally, still only ever looked at her like a friend and it drove her mad. He paused ever so slightly but then, taking his own deep breath, came to the table. He then stuck his hand out. Her skin had been as soft as silk and he didn't want to stop touching her. Or would he pull her away with him? Apparently, every guy there was blind or dead. Or at least got her phone number. he said casually before taking a sip of his beer. A very wet dream. She had just melted inside and the growing ache between her legs intensified. It should have scared her but once again, it should have but it didn't. It was now warm. he grinned. Jamie looked at Violet desperately. She was not ready to see him go yet. It was still relatively early out but it was a Sunday night and most people were already at their homes, preparing themselves for another start to the work week. She was used to jogging, not sprinting. Her body relaxed and he almost sighed in relief. If he was to see her again, and he was already planning to, he would help her grow accustomed to being sweet talked. It seemed as if he would be a perfect candidate for her one-night stand that she had been planning on. She normally would have been intimidated by someone who was clearly as brilliant as he must be but she only found herself being unexplainably pulled closer to him. He liked girls who ate and who weren't afraid to have people see them eat. She shook her head again, leaning across the table and stilling his hand. As in past tense. She had expected most guys to just tune her out and continue eating, only pretending to listen. she said, a faint smile playing across her lips. Olivia comforted her by trying to get her off of her ass and her brother, Harry and Toby threatened Mike's life constantly. She asked quickly. She prayed it was desire. Her voice was firm and steady. Thanks for reading. Pietro promptly looked away. At first, the thought was ludicrous but seeing his pained reaction of pleading, she relented. Knock! She then approached the doorway. she inquired pointing to her attire. On her feet, she wore faded beige sandals and on her head was an orange bandana. She was probably just headed to her office located in her room. Not caring if the bag still had enough space for more materials, she left her room dejectedly. Oh, how she loved vampire romance. Shelly herself was even interviewed. Lea could be overly boring at times. With the sound of the engine being turned on, Lea saw herself pale from her reflection on her window. With a defeated sigh, she entered the gates and walked to the mansion. With that conclusion in her mind, she inspected the large mansion before her. It was just probably somewhere else in the property. Once she did, her eyes landed on a large fountain with an intricate statue in the middle of it sprouting out water in strategic places. All five floors of it. It was thoroughly entertaining to watch really. It would take some time though to get there. Coming to a conclusion, she believed that that led to a room where the supposed DJ was. With a sigh of victory, she entered the next room. All of which were eating some sort of snack. Some people there were merely talking but the atmosphere still felt uncomfortable. Not even bothering to hide her disgusted expression after seeing one girl already being stripped by her make out partner, Lea proceeded to get as far from the passage that she was currently in as soon as possible. Them sitting there seemed fitting for the scene somehow gave away an illusion that showed this to be a remarkable interior of a magnificent palace and here were its occupants. She couldn't seem to find a place where she could read her book. Inspecting him further, she saw that he looked to be in his early twenties and was strikingly handsome. She blushed hotly. That was one strong drink. Lea was thankful that none of them seemed to be in the brink of making out there. Glancing around, she finally found the culprit. Although she thought his attire ridiculous, Lea had no qualms about his mien. On further inspection, she found that his age would at least be somewhere from eighteen to twenty-four. He sniffed at her as if to make sure. She asked herself curiously. he mumbled to himself. He grabbed her wrist and ran out the room. All of which had the same outfit Tobias had on. Two looked relaxed while the other one looked rather fidgety. The red head was now screaming. She picked it up and saw the time. Licking his lips, Lea saw his tongue redder then normal. :) It would mean a lot! . Enjoy! . that's not a good sign. it's no longer in my control. Andrew shrugged. )www (dot) poisonousimpression (dot) blogs (dot) sapo (dot) ptCheck outPoisonous Impressionfor more information about the Writer, the Stories and the Characters. So, she got a job a few months after her parents' death. . The sun light made her tanned skin glow, which contrasted with the white and simple halter top she had, along with the tight jeans. Of course, though he wore clothes, his shirt was tight around his chest and stomach, making her notice how tamed his tall body was, as well as his large and strong arms revealed such discovery. Living with two young men was something she did not predict or wanted to! Her salary wasn't that good enough and she couldn't afford a house that big; without anyone there at the price she was ready to pay every month. If it didn't work, she'd look for another house. When they were all finished, it was Kimberly's, Sidney's and Lisa's turn to have dinner. He also wanted them not to enter his room without permission and, of course, Kimberly told him the same and gave them all her warnings about things they should not do, now that one woman and a teenager lived with them. Not when she had no clue if those guys were some kind of perverts or not. Tom had black hair, brown eyes, a tall body, though it wasn't as muscled as Jake's was. It was the bodyguard of the strippers' room. His tall, large and tamed body could scare the hell out of anyone. which left the men dreaming about having her in bed. Chapter edited by: ChaoticBeautifulMind. Thanks guys! Which was how I've been for the last quite a while. This one however, was just clingy and annoying. Mom called in from the kitchen as I came down the stairs. She was a major bitch sometimes though and made me wonder why I even bothered. Typical. I was still mad at her for what she did. Don't let your anger problems take you over now. I was beginning to think she was bi-polar. He was among the people who knew that Sandra had left. All I wanted to do was never talk about that girl again. I nodded to the two of them in greeting. Especially when it was us and her father. Okay that's it, thanks guys and gals! Hopefully the entire story will be finished before the end of summer. Kurt seems to have it out for the young American and Ilan isn't too keen on being persecuted. And please review. So much better then being late everyday. Eat me. I'm Jewish and you never know who's going to take shit like that seriously. My entire world was completely imaginary, well at least most of it was. Besides him, no one has ever been in my sanctuary. What any normal 18 year old guy with an attitude and a sense of self; I get a shot gun. I pulled back the shotgun and aimed it again, getting closer incase I actually did have to shoot him. I let off another warning shot before aiming for him. I wait a good fifteen minutes before turning back into my house and closing the door. I sigh and lock the door when the phone rings. I have no idea where cause she doesn't leave very often and I never have a reason to go visit her, lucky me. Its not her fault if she's socially retarded and called me on the phone when she could… um come down from wherever she was. Some of us know the world, we know its realities. I do so groggily meeting my brother on the way down. I give him a look and he pokes me in the forehead. Honestly where did that come from? Her hands are gripping the salad in a vice and I'm afraid she's going to in some way kill it. Her eyes narrowed in confusion. Dad looks just as worried as mom. Tattling brat never learned from the self made stocks I guess. It slays me every time. My male self esteem has hit an all time low. This is all her fault. I feel a bit better that I don't giggle. Is she kidding me? Finally when I can't take it anymore I slam my fists against the table. Mom opens her mouth to protest but I cut her off. Silence fits me just fine. Optimist can bite me. I felt like punching him, too. ! Except without dread locks. Maybe it's repartee? A LOT. Oh, and  is a Swedish tobacco brand. Sebastian stayed on his back, but scooted over to make room for his lover. The room was immediately rid off the smell of sweat and sex, and replaced by the distinct scent of early summer, budding vegetation and just a few hours left of spring term. Today, the buildings were only just visible behind the youthful leaves on the trees. If he would fall out - what a way to die, huh? Thankfully, his good manners stopped him and he decided to just drop it on the floor instead. He looked over to the bed again, where David was standing on his knees amongst the rumpled sheets, with the gigantic camera in front of his pretty face. He'd nearly broken David's precious camera, which had gotten him so upset that since then, Sebastian had humoured him just to make up for it. Sebastian had even let him display a few of them on the photography students' annual exhibition a few months back. He didn't even stop as Sebastian got back into bed. There were several photos of him in this pose, and it was one of his favourites as he figured it made him look somewhat coy. 30. Still within reach though. He was an angel sometimes. Like many times before, Sebastian didn't give a damn that they were perfectly visible to pretty much anyone who'd care to open their front door at that time, but started planting soft kisses along David's stubbled jaw. David was a picturesque exception. But then he had got strong thighs, Sebastian thought with a reticent smile as he observed the early summer beauty through the tinted glass of his shades. But then he thought better of it and said a hurried goodbye before running into the university building. He finally found what he deemed an appropriate table; as far in as he could get, in the part of the café fondly referred to as ; probably a remnant from the days when the establishment was a private residence and not the temporary home for stray students with too much time on their hands. He needed something to eat. Sebastian exclaimed and since then he just figured the older man either had some sort of weird crush on him, or - more likely - only looked up because Sebastian would look at him. He thought he recognised her from somewhere, although he had no idea from where, and gave a curt nod back. He flipped his phone open, thinking that it would be something sexy from David, but it turned out it was just a short message from his sister. He probably wouldn't do it today though, considering he was on the verge of a two month stay in mentioned sister's house. Sebastian noticed it, and thought to himself that it was a good job he always had his coffee black. He moaned and let his head fall against the table. She was his surrogate mother. Sebastian rolled his eyes. Robert wasn't gay, not even bicurious - or so he said - but ever since he'd found out that Sebastian was, he'd tried to get into his trousers. Robert had arrived at university as a spotty, skinny 18-year-old, and even though he was now about to turn 22 and was neither spotty nor skinny, he was still chasing after Sebastian. He'd been pretty intoxicated himself, and with his dark grey trousers pooling around his ankles, he'd continued smoking his cigarette as Robert got down to work. It wouldn't happen again though, they'd promised each other the following morning. The room was situated on the first floor, so in order to be able to walk around naked (as he was so fond of), and smoke by the window without having people seeing him, he'd got some heavy curtains covering most of the window, and the window sill was full of plants and little tidbits he'd picked up here and there. He noticed the framed monochrome photos David had taken sometime early on in their little arrangement. That wasn't a relationship. So now, more than 10,000 words over my limit and too lazy to break it up into shorter chapters, I'll let you read. And I swear it wasn't like that a few seconds ago. I guess I should be curious enough to do the same. Weird. He then averts his attention back to me. The one boy in the passenger seat looks bored out of his mind and keeps peering out his window, while the other one who was presumably driving seems like he's falling asleep. Then after a few more seconds of hardcore glaring, he tows me back inside when we hear their car start. Mom swings her arm vigorously. I say sheepishly. Odd. My skillet from my house in my sink. Quickly, I grab my plate of French toast and eat quietly in the dining room. He continues to stare at me from across the table. I'm just super curious, really. This French toast is nice. He says things without thinking, and they usually end up being a little more than offensive. Kent doesn't protest. He's doing the chores I've purposely been avoiding for the past few weeks. I wave my hand over her face, and she blinks, scowling. This isn't uncommon. Carlee slaps my wrists, and I blink innocently. I nod my head knowingly and clasp both my hands over my heart. I wave at him when he sees me walk through the front door, and he nods back. I don't know how people can stand awkward silences. Probably not. Like I'm a child. But my brain seems to have reduced itself to a pile of mush, so I'm not entirely aware of what's really happening anymore. The expression reaches his eyes and tiny craters form in the middles of his cheeks. Like someone has replaced all the contents in my stomach with Ginger Ale. she answers softly. When has she ever socialized out of our two-person circle? Her hands are clammy, and she doesn't look at me. I can barely talk to Kent without sounding like a moron, and I've known him for years. I focus on the trees outside to settle my alarmingly amplified nerves. I think she has a secret irrational fear of me growing up as a lonely spinster with only pet fish as companions. As she wiggles her eyebrows, the light changes and her foot presses down on the pedal. I'm not comfortable naked. It surprises me how efficient he is. Why did I have to get the laid back kind? It's all very typical. They'll skim right over my head. I haven't even been here for more than five minutes, yet people are already slightly intoxicated and rowdy. What a bumtard. Saw it in a movie. That's not… sanitary. Turning back around to face us, Marcos flamboyantly shoots me a wink and blows me a kiss. I frown back. I mull over repeating myself, but I decide not to. More silence. Is blabbering a turn off for guys? I guess it makes two of us. I gulp. Lots of it. I can even see Marcos having fun sticking his tongue down Boob Girl's throat. Andrew's hand is resting, as if by total accident, on her boob, and she's even nice enough to help him out by tugging her tank top down a notch. I think to myself, playing with the hem of my shirt. She hates how loud he talks and how fast he eats. I'm fidgeting in my seat, and I clear my throat. Don't diss them, yo. How does he do that? I watch as he returns a salute and drives two houses down the street, retreating into his own home. And Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. He's smart and funny and polite. And he smiles more. All I really know is that they're now in some intimate partnership with each other, Andrew got his car back the day after we borrowed it, and Carlee and I are losing things we have in common. Or why my heart does this thing where it speeds up and my stomach flips and I'm always mentally squealing. Instead of seducing him or some other ridiculous thing that I totally shouldn't do, I've been doing friendly things. Getting up from his position on the floor, he unceremoniously shoves his books back into his backpack and walks out of the room. Kent stops folding and quirks an eyebrow. My heart does a dance. This is unfair. I even told my mom. I try not to wince when I remember it. I'm fine with that. Now it's December, and I'm still baffled at why he's stuck around. She gave me the short gene, and now she wants Special K. Ridiculous. I will totally interact with strangers for the greater good! I can never tell what people want. She blanches when she sees me, and I stumble a bit as well. She notices and her face turns red. I've never felt so genuinely disappointed in someone before. It bubbles up and shoots through my throat. I advance, my heart pounding. Andrew, on the other hand, looks like he'd rather be castrated than stand through this any longer. Narrowing my eyes, I swallow the lump in my throat and clasp my hands together. I feel like throwing up. I look horrendous. Wailing, I reach forward and grab Kent's arms. He strokes my hair. I can feel Kent's heartbeat quicken and I smile, wondering why. Like magical donuts sprayed with clean man-soap. Just like that. They were even holding hands while she and I were fighting. I try chuckling, but it trails off and sounds awkward. I say, inadvertently rushing my words. she asks almost immediately. I whine, jutting out my lip. That's all. He scoffs mockingly in my direction, but does so anyway so that I can get a good view of his backside. I finish quickly. I blush. That, and Kent just likes to vacuum. And I'm not just talking about the stuffed dog, now. Then both my parents make  jokes and laugh at their own humor. Harder and maybe more clearly. Which are also nice, in my opinion. It's crazy. He likes blue. They probably miss him too. And now he's driving away. , I hear my phone ring for the third time and I violently jerk awake. And then I hang up. he grumbles. he groans. He pauses, brown eyes softening. Cautiously, he looks back up and tries to reach for my arm, but my body stiffens, and he notices again. I finish slowly, looking back up at him. I mean, we are in an interesting position against a tree. I'm no longer a lip virgin. I love you dearly. Right. Pretty long, no? There's some scary mental images for ya. Bah! It's out to get me. Shit. ! ! ! The maid gets a little frantic. Focus and breathe. ! All the work that was scribbled along the lines couldn't be salvaged. It was the last class of the day with a weekend following, anything was possible. Pulling back the long sleeve of her shirt, she looked at her watch. There was a big moth flying itself into the hot bulb over and over again, enchanted. No one was coming from either directions and so she checked her watch again. Jade focused her attention back to the road and tried to ignore them. She took her free hand and pushed a strand of hair behind her ear. Instead, she quickened her pace even though she knew she shouldn't. She took a step off the sidewalk tying to go across the road. She jerked her head away, but he caught her chin in his hands. Everyone heard the contact and stood in awe as their leader fell to the ground. He rose slowly, with a deep groan or two, and got his bearings. Jade slowly turned to see the tall guy, from the gang, in a choke hold by a guy with dirty blonde hair. She ducked down and stood back up to kick him in the back when he missed, making him fall into the guy with the glasses. She turned around only to see the lot getting up. He threw his leg over the sides. He turned the engine on and revved it two times. At least something good had come from this evening. Jade pulled the helmet off her head and jumped off from the back and stretched. Suddenly a disappointed frown replaced it. she snapped, sending him a death stare. He closed the door and watched her throw her things on the couch. Zach sighed and opened her bag and got out a small black notepad that had a pen hanging on the spirals. She eyed Zach suspiciously and picked up the box. Jade pulled them out and placed them over her eyes. Still, Jade hadn't lightened up to the fact they were now a family. And stay she did. His eyes were mesmerized at the way she placed some it behind her ear. he nagged loudly as he started to walk upstairs. Today wasn't a total bummer at all. Heads up. Don't worry. He was walking to his car, his hands jammed in his pockets as his best friend said goodbye to their other friends and jogged after him. Not only was Felix better than him at anything he tried doing, he had to look better too. He'd always laugh and tell them to fuck off, and Felix would always tell them to cut it off, oblivious to how Oliver sort of blamed him for bringing him into such a situation. He turned to Oliver, who turned the key in the ignition. he said, smiling at Oliver. A tinge of red flashed on Felix's cheeks just before he turned his head to look out the window. But of course, when high school rolled along, things changed and the never ending pattern of fighting-and-losing grew more and more painful. Rather, he'd keep to himself and brood about it, staying away from his best friend in case he might lash out at him about it until he was in a better mood. He wasn't doing anything wrong, nothing was his fault – well, his only fault was that he was better than Oliver at seemingly everything… but Oliver supposed that wasn't really a fault. Felix paused to catch his breath before grinning. Felix took a seat and made sure to leave one extra chair beside him for Oliver to sit on, but Oliver hesitated before walking past him. Felix rarely got mad, and when he was, it was rarely at Oliver. He thought that maybe because he had kept things bottled up for so long… the fact he had blown his last chance at winning the tournament probably just set him off. he said. he asked, his words strained. He couldn't put what he felt into words, but he knew he had to say something, he could give Felix that. Their eyes met for a second before they both quickly looked away. He spared a glance at Felix, all too familiar with the focused look on his face. He sped up, having no problem leaving behind everyone in his class except for that one person, who was easily keeping up with his pace, his strokes matching his perfectly. He cursed under his breath and yanked his swim cap off his head. he breathed, grinning as he held his hand out to Oliver, like he always did. Then he dropped Felix's hand and went back to the pool edge, propping his hands up on the cold tiles and pulling himself out of the water. It would have been so much easier to hate the guy if he did. he said, disappointment in his voice. He couldn't even remember exactly what he watched. Why the fuck do I do this to myself? He felt someone's hand splayed comfortably over his abdomen, and whoever owned it was pressed close to his body, seeking his body warmth in the cold room. Christopher must be so damaged. Leland could imagine all of the snickers and nicknames like Mr. Itchycock it produced from the older students. For his second interview, he was treated to the novelty of being escorted off the school premises by two security guards who looked like they wanted to pound his face in for the fun of it. Leland fought the urge to turn around and see what was so fascinating. Besides, he had an inkling as to where this conversation was leading. They had met when Leland was still studying for a degree in primary education and he had been incredibly charming and swept Leland off of his feet. In a fit of immaturity and spite, he had made it his mission to make sure Leland could never get a job working in a Primary School by putting it about that Leland was a raging fairy and couldn't properly look after kids. Like just saying 'public school' was going to put him at risk of working in one. That it was public schools that told him to try some of the more private places to begin with. He resisted the urge to tell him to take his luck and shove it up his cowardly ass. So he went for the next best thing on the list. This was helped by drinking copious amounts of milky tea and polishing off the last of the chocolate digestive biscuits he had kept for emergencies such as these. Nathan stood framed in the living room door, still wearing his suit from work and staring at him like he was an idiot. Nathan worked in environmental conservation, trying to save the few remaining natural swamp habitats in the world. Throw in a duck umbrella and hey presto! And with that little bombshell, Nathan left without so much as a look back. He was just being realistic). Hours: 8:30am - 6pm. Kid who needs to be tied to a chair and gagged, that's what. Compensation will reflect any time that's not true. Would two pm suit you? Not that he was really surprised, not everyone knew Julian. We're over with. I believe I'll be updating on these following days, so pay attention! May 31. So, here you guys go. But that's ok, it's more fun this way. . Fuck no. The brick is hard and kind of hurts my back, but hey, I'm not complaining. It's that good. I swear! It's not. He winks at me. Fuck yes. I wrinkle my nose and make a small note in the back of my head that there's probably dirt on my ass now, but sit anyway. What dumb-shit came up with that? And I'm not going to tell him either. Again, might I add. And frankly, I don't give a shit. I do believe we've created quite a scene. I glare at them and give Clay a kiss on the cheek. So is the guy's hair. I shudder again. Oh, well. But I've already written a lot of chapters, including the two I've just mentioned, so it all depends on my mood at the time. Trust me. . Please. Better anger than despair on the most heartbreakingly embarrassing day of my life. You're hurt. I loved you. Ok? "It's for my minor. I'm over at BIT. I wanted to eat him. Perfect. "Peace? Trust me. "Oh. I can't tell her. Why did I let you… aw, fuck"! Every last bit of it. A few of my friends visited the Seven8, the exclusive club that my brother managed for Lanser. One still talked about it with a wistful grin on her face. I saw in his eyes that he was afraid of me and that sunk my heart even further. I just held that plastic phone, so formal to the touch, against my face and I breathed. Prison must've agreed with him—how sad of a thought. Each gave him further character and allowed him a wisdom that I didn't feel he'd earned. I just wasn't behind a steel cage like he was. It had occurred too many times to count. I saw it all in one glance and when I shared my thoughts, it brought immediate humility and humbleness to the most uncaring soul I'd met. And I saw a slight jerk at his hands as he realized who sat before him. That's what came to mind when I thought of what my brother was capable. The reckless and savage power that he'd yielded for his business wasn't anything to the destruction he reigned over his family. They didn't run deep. Why he had walked by me without a second glance. I would know core lies and yearnings with one look, but with some stuff—I learned as a child. The truth would stir the dark inside until it could be cleansed. I chose to see people, not for their weaknesses, but both strands of weakness and strength together. I was still learning that. Painful. He could've weaved a tangled web around me and spun me to whimper for his brotherly approval again. And he was afraid of what he couldn't understand though I understood him too well. He'd led the town's gang, corrupted the saints among the police force, and connected two drug empires together. She'd been the thief for their group and she'd been loved by both the Lanser brothers. Taryn had been rumored to have a knack of getting anywhere she wasn't wanted. He really had wanted Taryn to live a better life. I knew that when I answered that, I would be answering the very soul depths of my brother. Me. My idea of fun exactly. Needless to say it wasn't pretty or at all appropriate within civilized company. Air burst out the side of my cheek as I examined my reddened arms. He just had to take me away from my friends—my life—in his quest to forget. More importantly, how was I supposed to find the cash to run away from him? The viewing had been a nightmare, shaking all those hands and smiling at all those nameless, faceless lines of people. He was supposed to be the calm and sensible professor—it's what he'd always been! I'm working in Mr. Splinter's mart just so that I'll be able to pay for school next year. So what? It only took one year in a strange school. This is the twenty-first century for goodness' sake! Part of my overactive imagination or something of that sort. Great. Translation: she was feeling harassed. I think I was better off leaving it at . Have you ever seen those old grannies whose jaws shudder because they took to many mind-altering drugs—either pharmaceutical or from the shifty guy at the corner—when they were younger? At least he's not a violent drunk. So thankfully I wouldn't need to ask Eva for help. I'd never been comfortable around the popular crowd, and this girl had popular stamped on her forehead. No, not adorable, hot. I wanted to be beautiful. I called. She had also clipped her hair back from her face, no doubt to show off her elegant cheekbones—thought made with a tinge of jealousy. The least I could do was to try the same. A new flavor every week. Besides, he was a scary-looking guy with muscles two-times the size of a normal guy and a bloody dagger tattoo trailing down one arm. But at least she was friendly. But I didn't know how to get out of the subject so I continued. Her dark eyes were like slits and the dozens of freckles that dotted her face stood out starkly on her steaming red face. I didn't want to upset Julie even more, but her expression had been so comical—almost like a charging bull. Finally, we were both able to stop, gasping for breath. I was curious about what her parents did for livings but I didn't want to be too impertinent, so I didn't ask. It would be bliss. Plus, a cute little kitten—which was even worse. It felt uncomfortable to just stand here when I was no longer a part of the conversation and it was clear that Caysee didn't want me here—for whatever reason. A second later, Eva called to Sue to have someone work the cash register and the bell above the door rang, signalling their exit. Besides, it was probably just some inside joke. She gave me a dark look. She gripped my elbow and carted me toward the glass fridge doors at the back. I finally managed to splutter. And I'd rather be associated with her than a raving psycho lunatic. She asked in a hushed tone. This is not my problem. You only have two hours left anyway". But I knew I'd be back in a couple days. My ancestors- the great kings and queens who came before me- had made Danubae what it was- an empire. Our world was peaceful. Constructive criticism is much appreciated! He showed it to me, half smiled, and turned towards the registers. But the boy merely gave me another grin, wider this time, and went to the line beside my own, where he was served immediately. I had tensed immediately and slid away from him, glaring at his knees which bobbed up and down and his torn, pen-scribbled sneakers. He gave me a wide, crooked grin, and said something. I stared out the window, lost in my own little world as the bus pulled away and started down the road. he laughed. I snapped. But just as I was getting comfortable again there was a tap on my shoulder. I tried to hide my name-badge but it was too late. I glared up at him, only to receive a bright smile in return. He held my hand and shook it in his. I thought furiously -- and finally he held out his hand. He just grinned infuriatingly, somehow knowing how much he was annoying me. Did he just do it to get a reaction from me? James was cute, but his asshole attitude made him majorly unattractive. When I was positive there was no way he could still see me, I straightened myself up, grinning. For a fraction of a second, I wondered if James would catch me, like one of those Teen Romance movies, but then I wondered even if I wanted him to catch me. And the wind was knocked out of me. But I didn't wake up and I groaned with the knowledge that I had just made a gigantic fool of myself again in front of James. I said stupidly. he said lightly. I collapsed into a seat and gave a hefty sigh. Finally I reached the reduced cart and stopped to flick through the titles. said a warm, unfortunately familiar voice. I muttered, looking away. I based them off of my friends. I heard my brother move next to the bed, and waited until the last possible second, tightening my grip on the edge of the pillow. I managed to get to the bottom without falling on my face, then sprinted after my brother, who was heading for the kitchen. I padded silently over to the couch, preparing myself to jump out and start beating the living daylights out of him (with a pillow) when someone grabbed me around the waist from behind, lifting me up and throwing me down on the couch, then pinned me down. He caught it, laughing. It was their own fault that they had morning detention. I sighed, slinging my bag over my shoulder and after grabbing my backpack, I headed down the stairs, minus the pillow this time. Okay, maybe it was my fault, but the car had some problems too! Not that I didn't anyway. The two of them only served to make my life miserable. The most I heard was that my brother stumbled into our house at four in the morning, completely wasted. Internal bleeding I think. Typical Henderson right there. Why did everyone have to be so goddamn loud this morning. (Which, by the way, for all you non-swimmers out there are the little board-things you dive off of to start a race). It was so much better to have her as a friend. She obviously missed the sarcasm. Including any thoughts of my brother and his idiot friend. Lily's eyes widened. But I really did want to hear what happened. ' As I showered, and changed back into my clothes. Lily nodded, her brown eyes bright. She was my best friend, when no one else was around. I sighed, spinning in the combination for my locker. I'm a seventeen year old girl, can you really blame me? I shrugged, pointing back the way he'd come from. Hence, the reading in class. He scooped up the book and scanned the back cover. A slight blush tinged his cheeks. He leaned over my desk to look at me, his dark hair falling into his eyes. He whined, and gave me the puppy-dog look that he had perfected over the twelve years I'd known him. It was that fateful day in kindergarten when Taylor had stood up to the bullies that had been trying to make my older brother eat sand. Honestly, had the boy learned nothing about me? I deserve to gloat. He flashed me a grin. I wasn't even close. Alex flinched. . Cool, huh? I also noticed with satisfaction that Alex didn't try to talk to me again for the entire period. Just give it five minutes and you'll understand what the hell I'm babbling on about :D. I'll try to get this out as fast as I can. . What time"? ". "Thanks so much, Riles. You on your way home"? . But thank you". Thanks for reading :) Reviews would be great. I yell throwing my alarm clock against the door. Stupid idiot. The calm voice says. I say glancing at all them. Jace yells. "We were kissing. So what I can't kiss a guy? Jaron answers. Stop being a pussy Raythe. Whatever I don't care. Lane says softly. Jace laughs pushing me over the on the mattress. Raythe asks sounding surprised. "Guys but you're my brothers. You're close enough. I laugh. I say throwing a throw pillow at him. He answers. I mumble flipping another page in the magazine. But nothing happened that night, much to my disappointment and probably his. My hands wandered to trace his perfectly chiselled face and then I sighed. I continued telling, though I knew he wasn't listening. I said sadly. I finally said. He was a heavy sleeper. I was trying to imprint in my head as much detail of his perfect face as possible. Gone in his life. Even though it was so painful. I said silently. His breathing was still even so I just continued. I informed him. He had always liked someone sleeping next to him. How could you not fall in love with a guy like him? I removed his arms from me and I felt the absence I would live with the rest of my life. But, before I could even stop myself, I asked you if you were . I liked that. I could barely believe that I met you on a college campus let alone believe that you weren't jail-bait. It was one of those I'm-gonna-kill-a-squirrel-because-I'm-so-freaking-hungry type of hungry. I didn't even notice you were in the cafeteria until I walked right into you. I stood at a pretty good height of 6'2creative ideas" of how to get you up to my level. It was the end of my career. I told myself that I couldn't just drop out any more. I blushed when they started talking about how they wanted to . You were always so nice to me. It got so bad that my cheeks started to hurt. He just had this disturbing nasally voice that made me want to bash my head in every time he opened his mouth. Well, because you never failed to entertain me. She didn't want to walk her ass five feet to another empty seat because she was wearing heels and . She thought I was flirting with her and when I told her that I was saving the spot for you she got pissed. It annoyed me, I just wanted wrap you up in a towel and pull you in front of a fireplace. How could you not hear me calling like an idiot? I didn't know if we were friends, but I thought we had . Her -um- assets were practically in your face. even with his ridiculous shades. I would never wear heels as high as hers or wear that many pounds of make up either. I could have cared less, to be honest, about getting sick because all I could think about was whether or not you tasted just like the pear body spray you were wearing. You bought the poster, you typed up our essay, and you were always early for our meetings. Then there was your sarcastic mouth, your toothy smile, your obsession with food, and your contagious (and incredibly awkward) laugh. Against my skin. together. They could have called me an idiot for I cared. You just weren't that type of girl. At my confusion, you smirked. But when you blatantly told me to move out of your way so that you could watch the Lakers game behind us on the big screen TV, I pretty much decided then and there that I wanted you. Despite my protest, he got up and walked to the bathroom. well, you tapped me in the back. thing. Not because it was religious, but because he wanted me to take you somewhere that you wanted to go. That I lost all of my damn cajones. It made me happy the first time I heard about it, but then it hit me one day. They told me that they were trying to send you some subtle signs but –dear God– you were so dense. Whether we just walked your dog around the park or we went to a fancy restaurant, you just seemed so happy to be with me no matter what we did and I loved that. I don't think I've ever missed anyone as much as I missed you that first summer. I loved that about you. Your phone bills must have been ridiculously high. Heck, you were my sign. You didn't even  about the collection of 2 pictures of your friends since middle school. You paid 72 dollars every time. I didn't even remember it but obviously you did. My name. You simply didn't have the talent for it so you always clammed up the moment you realized other people were listening. But I couldn't come up with the words. I don't know where the camping idea came from and, to be honest, I hadn't exactly thought through. Hell, I even forgot to bring enough food. Idiot. I figured we could go fishing the next day or something. Idiot. Almost like an angel. Hope you guys enjoyed! Thanks to those that pointed out my mistakes. If you want to be with her…tell her. A little. But I need some ideas. Or maybe it is the fact that I work for Melissa Anderton, one of the bitchiest, hard-ass gallerists in San Francisco? Yes, apparently this is my life. He isn't even a cheap knock-off of it. It makes me feel pathetic for about two seconds, which in turn makes me cranky. I am not that petty. I ask as I put them back on. I suppress this ridiculous line of thinking and concentrate on his words—his grating, ridiculous words. It is an insult to the medium. It sells very well, in fact, which means Melissa coddles Turkish and his stupid chatter and his whopping ego. The Richard Avedon of our generation? Mostly, that would be Turkish. This guy makes more money selling one lousy photograph than I make in a one lousy month of this kind of crap. Never give this guy an inch is my motto. Too bad, it is my best weapon. Poseur asshole. "I saw your ad. Should I go on, if ever you do like it? Damn, but I really needed to practice in the mirror when I got home. But hey, I hadn't found the right person yet. A place where the beach was bliss and the air was pure—and people thirsting, crawling on the hot desert sand; birds pooping everywhere. Couldn't help it. Viv saw my disgusted expression, elbowing me. He was the guy every boy wanted to be; the guy every girl wanted to befriend. You know, the wind blowing our hair, our gazes locked and all. I slapped his chest when he had said I should've said sorry too, but my pride was never going to allow me to do just that. Never knew dates could be so annoying. I glared at him; he glared back. That was the power of fury Michael Cutting was unleashing inside me. I asked. The girls merely chatted about some show or just gazing longingly at Sir Jerk-A-Lot, yawning again. She gave a sheepish giggle. This was what Viv and Frederick was meaning to do, wasn't it? But somehow…he wasn't there anymore. Or ever. My hand stung a little, but I continued my unwavering Evil Eye at him. I got up and stormed to the same direction. Rewrite! Frederick roared, ping-ponging the shark all the way with his mighty ping-pong stick. There was nothing inside, just us that would contain the closet. I moved again, not knowing how to feel comfortable with a dominating presence beside me, and a tiny room I was in. This was torture! I couldn't see Michael's face, but I knew he was glaring at me. Summer was coming rapidly and all I could think about was the party that coming up that Friday. The more I thought about it, the more I couldn't help but think that my life would be better as a reality show, like The Osborne's, instead of a book. Maybe I should have tried to pitch the family show to a network like FOX or ABC or something, maybe they would have liked it. And the more I thought about it, Tyler and I were still receiving social security deposits from the government since our mothers death, so we weren't too bad off. So thank her for that one. she greeted her supervisor. They had gone through various obsessions since Sydney had begun working there, including obsessions over Disney movies, some punk band no one had ever heard of, and, more recently, a body lotion fixation. She had a nice little nest egg and soon she would be able to use it. Morna said, waving her hand in dismissal. It was sad he fit so stereotypically into the 'nerd' category, and I felt bad for labeling him so. As it was, I wasn't the most out-going girl in twelfth grade. It sounded like the name of a barbarian. What the hell was I thinking? I was officially the biggest liar in the universe, or, at least, my universe. He played guitar and liked to wear funky sneakers, ragged skinny jeans, and old vintage thrift store t-shirts. I wanted a guy who was going somewhere with his life and ten years down the road could take care of a family – not that I was looking for that lifetime partner, but it was a trait that I admired all the same. To be honest, it was kind of nice to have a someone in my life. I gulped, rereading the black and white slip of paper to make sure I had read it right. Damn those stupid Boxcutters. I sighed. If so, I would be calling it home. The boy at the door gave a friendly smile as I walked up to the tilting table he sat behind. She was early and she wasn't yet on the guest list. I could feel my face burning a nice shade of red already. I didn't hear, but he called to someone and came back out, plopping down on his seat. Well, I supposed I should have blamed myself. Was I dreaming? A tingle shot down my spine. Wasn't it? Merchandise booths had been set up near the far right wall, and seemed to be the main hang out spot for the bands. I sighed suddenly, feeling completely overwhelmed and confused by the boy and girl who had sandwiched me. The more I thought, the more muddled I became, and finally I pulled out a book and buried my nose into it with frustration. How had he known that? He said nothing as we wound through the growing crowd to the side of the room where the merch tables sat, enticing more than a few teenagers already. I didn't recognize any of them, though they appeared to light up with familiarity at the sight of me. Instead I found myself staring into the intense brown eyes of a boy I had never met…or at least…I was fairly certain I had never met him. He blinked them away with a smile. My brows furrowed in utter confusion. Hyperventilation seemed the only logical next step. The pieces clicked into place with clarity. I'd never really hurt anyone before, physically or emotionally. he said, running his fingers through his mop as we began heading back towards the concert. She was a spunky little thing, as was her cousin, which I found a little overwhelming but comforting all the same. Out of a silly lie I had managed to make more friends than I'd ever had. I knew he was simply working up the courage to ask me out, and I dreaded it. He held out his hand and shook it firmly with the shell shocked lab partner. She nudged me with a knowing smirk. If you'd like to hear them, please review and tell me if this fluffy bit made you a) want to gag, b) want to go to a metal concert in order to find a boy named Thor, c) want to track me down and poke me with knitting needles for writing such disgustingly cute drivel, or finally d) all of the above. etc etc. I bet he didn't even appreciate how hard most of us girls had to work to get that dark and long look. The boxers were very loose on me so they came down easily, the seemingly innocent face of Mr Tickle appearing from under my hem, making me feel a bit like I'd corrupted him. I think I preferred the fake 'meant to annoy Gen' laugh, frankly. For heavens sake! You just couldn't win. I'd certainly never thought our, apparently just a little over biannual, get togethers had meant something to him. Why did I keep falling into bed with him? You see, if I wasn't cold with him…well then things like last night happened. He'd thought it was okay to tell Kristie Carlson that I was wearing his underwear for goodness sake! Obviously I don't own Mr Men and all that jazz, Mr Tickle comes from a set of books I grew up with. Being part of this site was definitely a highlight in my formative years. My views on a lot of things have changed in the past ten years, and I don't feel like I should leave these stories up anymore. It's absurd and irrational and I can't explain it. Of course, I already have detention—I don't wish to add onto the sentence by committing murder in Calculus class. I don't understand why teachers even bother to threaten him with it any longer. He's eternally indifferent and about as close to emotionless as a human being can get. Sometimes I think high school is just a big waste of time. Wish I could claim the same. Of course, I usually seem to be the only one who has trouble getting there punctually, but that's besides the point. I look down in dismay, to find that my books are now scattered all over the hallway. He acts like he's never seen a notebook before. I can hear Jake still laughing in the hallway when I reach the classroom. It works in my favor, so I don't bother to be offended. I mean, who is he to say a person's weird? Some might call it inspiration, but I call it annoying. She's wanted to go to NYU since the 9th grade and has worked really hard to achieve that goal. But it's so clichéd and stupid that I can't bring myself to take it seriously. Hell, maybe I'm just the weird one who's lost in a sea of… high school. . . ". . . . . I'm five foot eight, when onearth has that ever been short? . . . It's happening all over the world – deal with it. Not a single minute glint of silver. She'd claimed that after being trapped in the hustle and bustle of London all her life, and then Adelaide, she craved the wide open spaces that only the middle of nowhere could offer. But that was there the pros stopped short. For a town that was supposed to be 'close knit', they weren't doing too well. The boy standing there looked about his age, and peered at him through a curtain of messy black hair. The other boy followed his gaze then his green eyes flicked back to Brian's face. As if reading his thoughts, his mother smiled reassuringly. The kangaroos? His mother had a bad case of Bragging Mother Syndrome. Moncrieff smiled a thin sort of smile. Moncrieff waved his hand. And as Matthew led him out of the office into said dorm, Brian realized he was terribly terribly doomed. He could've killed him. Less luckily, he was back. It was him, the guy who'd told him to give up on his drums. He just smiled faintly and Jamie elbowed Koda with a snicker. He grinned and they both snickered in their evil way. He didn't give a damn if they were screwing each other, he just wished they'd disappear. Or preferably a cliff to jump off. I couldn't even open my eyes, heck, I couldn't even do anything with this aching feeling between my thighs. wait, do snake have fingers? As I tried to fight the pain away, there was some shuffling on the bed and a weird noise that kind of sounded like an amused laugh. Room. god no. W-was I not a virgin anymore? Why god why? I felt my mouth opening, but no, the sight of him just had to make my brain stop working for a while, so instead of saying a civil thing to say, I found myself sighing deeply with adoration in my eyes. Goodness, I must be blushing. He might not even recognized me before this happened last night. I gulped nervously. . Oh my god—what was I thinking? I placed my hands on his chest, trying to push myself up but failed miserably as my hands slipped down, making me fall again onto his body while he just kept on grinning at me like a stupid idiot. me? How ironic. . I moaned quietly, which made him smirk, of course. Because in my horny mind right now, I was anticipating for what would happen next. or if I had to lose it in a drunken way, I thought it would be easy and would be forgotten like *snaps fingers* that. * . It is smooth, persuasive, and utterly treacherous. Urging us to do what's right. Within every person, there is capacity for evil, and capacity for greatness. His path had lead to destruction. Hussein could have sworn she was no more mature than she'd been at fourteen. It made her a fantastic babysitter. He would be in for it if his wife found out he'd been filling the kids' heads with angels and devils again. She smiled unexpectedly. To top off the picture, I had a trail of dried spit leading from the corner of my mouth to my chin. No, I wouldn't be caught dead in that. After seventeen years of being alive with my hair, why hadn't I learnt that ripping at my hair never worked? After washing the conditioner out, I towel-dried my hair and scrunched it up slightly as it was still drying so as to obtain waves in my locks. Said boy was looking at me with a slight frown yet a small smile tugged at his lips. The way he leant slightly to the left with his hands in his pockets and an extremely adorable smile curling his lips was extremely attractive. He finished awkwardly. I just acted. Go me! I don't think I even knew what the word meant, I just knew I shouldn't say it, so of course, I said it. This story is about him. Everything small. I hated her from then on. It's four by the way. Much older, like twelve. I decided I didn't want a boy at all. He was a very persuasive boy. I got in huge trouble when the bowl overflowed. So, I was pretty silent that year and a lot of my talkative moments were spent with flushed cheeks and sweaty palms. Until Laura kissed some guy. And I had a huge zit on my forehead. Once my whole life was in brown boxes and loaded up into a U-Haul, we drove forty minutes, stopped, got out, and moved in. I forgave my parents eventually because how was I supposed to get my allowance otherwise? All the high school aged kids were sprawled across the back few seats and I was going to sit there, but I plopped down in the front seat and cursed at myself for being such a baby. The boy who was dating the head cheerleader. I nodded. She scoffed and steered me in the opposite direction. Plus, being a loser was better than being alone. It was nice though, being part of something. I wonder if they thought it was strange that April spent most of her life in the bathroom. It was just April, and me and our little group of extra puzzle pieces. Plus, his parents had bought him a car for his sixteenth birthday and getting rides from him sure beat rides from mom and dad. We were sitting in my room, working on homework and he kept clearing his throat like he was nervous. It was very, um, wet. I ended up convincing myself I did in fact like it. So my New Year's resolution was NO BOYS. I asked God that night why he would put me in such a situation. Thanks! It starts out as more of a family story but don't worry, there's romance on the way in a few chapters. That was when my mom came home dancing. Mom said it wasn't a great idea to spend half my life in the dark with my eyes glued to a glowing rectangle, but she tends to exaggerate. well, maybe forever. I got used to having him around after a while, and so did Mom I guess, because on the night she came home dancing and singing some song under her breath, she was nearly busting a gut to tell me she was getting married in June. I thought it might be a real good thing. She got this goofy little smile on her face then. I couldn't hold back a groan. Well, maybe. She put an arm around me and squeezed. But Mom wasn't done with the earth-shattering news yet. She giggled, and I had to smile. I could live with intriguing. Mina sympathized over the whole older-brother thing, having one of her own, but it was hardly the same thing. But as the years kept going by and he started college without one adoring gaze my way, I finally just let my heart break and moved on. I mentioned the unfairness thing to Mom the next morning at breakfast, but she just looked thoughtful. I was standing there in my bra and underwear staring at my closet when Mom finally came to check on me. Then it was out to the car and half an hour later we were in Langston. They were all in the driveways where they belonged, or tucked away behind wide garage doors. But Jerry was beckoning to me. Mom said, obviously pleased. We sort of glanced at each other for a second, and then he looked over at my mom with a self-conscious smile. I wasn't so sure. Luckily he just raised his hand a little and said hey, so I said hey back. They tried to draw us in, and Mom asked the registration question, but Chris just shrugged and said we could do it any time before school started, and that pretty much took care of that. I almost wanted to look around for a dog. Mom got up and gave him another hug, and I saw him hug her back as he said thanks, and I just sat there. We went on. The last door downstairs was the master bedroom, and I wiggled my eyebrows at the big bed. she said without opening the door, and I was glad that I had a cool mom who knew better than to invade people's privacy. I grimaced at Mom, and she knew right away. Mom must've seen it in my face because she put her arms around me and looked around with me. She let me go and went to another door, and opened it to show off a walk-in closet. I blinked fast before she could see the tears I felt coming. And since I loved my mom, I bit my lip and blinked again and tried a smile. He hesitated a little as we sat down, Mom beside him on the sofa and me in a big fat chair, then turned toward us both. I'd never had a fireplace either. And he was my best friend. Because even though I was always welcome to sit with Reece and the rest of them at lunch, I would never actually call any of them to come over my house for the night. Well, by myself until Reece saw, then he'd come over and suddenly bring all attention upon me. He wasn't the kind of guy to bring a random girl home for the night, or take advantage of all the girls that fawn over him. I trailed off. Doubt it. Our school is a very sport orientated one though. Apparently it didn't matter because nothing would ever be done about it. And when I crossed my arms, that meant game over. But somehow the boy had grown on me. Now he was making me paranoid. He just was. Keep the trend going, yeah? Which I doubted I ever would be. I didn't know how, since they both worked so often at the hospital. They were such a save the world couple. Reece pushed himself off the wall and stepped closer to me as the words left my mouth. I kind of wished this was just about Reece and I hitting his Dad's car. We're house mates. he threw his arm around my shoulder. Once that was all said and done, Reece's father sat up straighter and raised an eyebrow at his son. So I tried not to make too big a deal of it. It was easier that way. Big kitchen, good for cooking, which I would probably be doing for the most part unless we wanted to starve. Not that we'd be sitting on our beds staring at each other though. he smiled. he shrugged. I knew he was joking and after a while just learned to brush them off as he shot them out. I should have forced Reece to stay up here and help me unpack. I looked across the hall to his room which practically had clothes falling out of the door. I pulled out the comforter and sheets that I had brought, and spread them out over my new bed, which was looking quite comfy right about now. It oddly looked very similar to my actual room, which was good I guess. I stared at myself in the mirror for a second, then shrugged before slowly walking downstairs to see what Reece was up to. I don't think Reece realised how much people liked him, whereas Liam would wear a crown if you gave one to him. I nodded my head and sat on the edge of the couch, where he had moved his feet so I could sit. I didn't particularly like when their conversations steered towards me. he taunted. Well at least he was on the same page as me. He basically outshone anyone. It seemed like a touchy subject. Maybe it would take some getting used to. I don't think anybody else even really knew I played. He sat smiling, watching me play the whole time. Just from being around Reece, the two of us had started hanging out on our own all summer. I admitted quietly. I watched him silently for a second before his face smoothed out and he lifted his head to look back up at me. Even I couldn't fight off the curiosity of who it could possibly be. How could you just, know? It only made the curiosity burn deeper. he said quietly. I pulled back to look at him. I deadpanned. Also, if you have any questions regarding the story, just ask! I rushed back into my boyfriend's room, feeling absolutely mortified. A moment later, there was a knock at the door. I'd always prided myself on my self-control. What I didn't realize was it was easier to be on his bad side, than his good one. Sure, Jack was amazingly sexy and older, but he was also an arrogant ass. His shaggy dark hair fell across his forehead and into his icy green eyes. I was glad that Sam had stayed home sick, because I would've died if he had caught me standing so close to Jackson. Sam was a fabulous guy, I wasn't going to throw him away for a one-night-stand with Jackson, who probably only found me attractive because I was Sam's girlfriend. She was glaring at me through her cat-eye glasses her hands were on her hips. My money was on Jack. It was more than just his good looks, it was the way he carried himself. He grinned his usual easy grin and took my books from me. I sighed in defeat and followed him out to his car. Then it occurred to me, he had money… lots of money. Sam was on the couch, watching TV. I sighed as my face started to sting by the sudden warmth hitting my face as I walked through the front door. Chestnut colored hair (which I inherited), dark blue eyes, and a gorgeous smile to go along with it all. I was freezing! The color of my skin was drained making me look pale, my arms had goosebumps all over, and my lip gloss was smudged at the corner of my mouth. I frowned, knowing I would be alone most of the time. I grinned up at her, her being slightly taller, and saw that there was worry in her eyes. I shook my head and headed upstairs to get started on my homework. haha yeah i know im a terrible writer but im trying to improve that is why im doing this P Anyways im working on the next chapter and it should be up very soon. Hands interlinked on the back of his head (because that had been such a cool pose at that time), he rocked back and forth as the new girl was assigned to sit next to him. Before long, he'd plummeted to the ground to join her, in a messy tangle of chair and limb as their teacher stopped scratching on the chalkboard and let out a big sigh. Maybe she'd have nicer neighbors this time – neighbors that didn't leave the TV on till four in the morning or made creaky sounds above her, making her ceiling shake a little. Mommy had told her there were kids in the neighborhood, but she didn't think one of them would be the boy who fell when she fell on her first day at school. Now, Daddy had gone somewhere else and Mommy never smiled or made anything for breakfast aside from toast anymore. She didn't like the feeling, but there wasn't much she could do aside from try and be as small as possible so they'd stop noticing her and oh what would Mommy say about her soiled pinafore? He looked into her eyes with a cold stare which she later learnt was more of an intent gaze, hand pausing on her left cheek as he took in her flushed cheeks and downcast expression. He learnt that her voice was soft as compared to others, not because she was shy, but because she was gentle, and that her laughter had a melodious ring to it. (She didn't really like the last unfeeling tone, but he never used it on her, anyway. Mild parties were thrown by the more popular ones, and always had these two games among others, as well as non-alcoholic champagne, balloons and pop music. He'd answer in his not-too-happy unfeeling tone that she was all he needed, and there was absolutely no point in going for the stupid birthday bashes when it wasn't even really the host's birthday and her parents had forgotten she'd had her birthday bash three times over already. He liked it because it had green eyes; she liked it because of its unchanging expression. The birthday bashes morphed into parties about everything and nothing, the games were replaced by making out and pool, the non-alcoholic beverages were switched for spiked punch, and the lousy pop music was taken over by blaring dance songs with loud rhythms. As long as he told her she looked fine, anything else didn't bother her. She didn't know he'd named the band after their favorite cat, she didn't know he'd written songs just for her and forced Dust to perform them in public. Sometimes Dusty skulked over with her padded cat paws, but most of the time it was just him. As much as he would've liked to stay with her and Lukie, he didn't think her mother would appreciate it if she found the neighbor's boy in her daughter's bed. He was thankful for that, but he didn't think he'd be the one breaking her heart instead. ) Yes, this girl proved to be a good chance, even if her lip gloss was a little shiny and she walked with a strut. This went on for a few weeks, and all was peachy until something went wrong with the formula, and they found themselves crashing, thrashing, burning. For once in the many years she'd known him, she couldn't read his unfeeling expression. The lucky man was her boss (who was unfortunately named Gary), and the daughter approved of him, with his grin and jokes that weren't very funny but made Mom laugh. The wind was getting a bit too chilly, anyway. Soon, he'd pulled down her pants despite her desperate struggling and muffled cries for help and would've gotten what any aroused drunken man wanted if someone hadn't slugged him on the back of his head and sent him flying across the kitchen. Lightning flashed again, and thunder rumbled as Gary let out a pathetic shriek as the younger boy stepped on his fingers without any hesitation. It was really sad that her daughter had to bear the consequences of her mista- That had been the first time she'd ever hit anyone, and she was suspended from school for a week for giving another girl a black eye. He knew that all she wanted was to forget and to get on with life, but no one seemed to understand that. After the incident, she'd become even more withdrawn than the first time he'd met her at pre-school hiding behind her curtain of chocolate hair. Bringing up her bandaged hands, she encircled his warm body as tears began rolling down her face and onto his back. As girl-friends, they don't spend as much time together as before, but she's definitely found a good friend in the fiery red-head. She thinks he tastes like spice, he thinks she tastes like butterscotch cake and honey. But all of them strive hard, no matter where they are. Mom may have graying hairs and Ted may snore in his sleep, but Mom's started making pancakes again, and they're happy. I love it, thank you. It is her birthday after all, so she expects more attention than usual. Time has passed and she's not the same timid girl who had mud-cake thrown at her, and she's quick to reverse the roles, poking his ribs at areas that make him grin like an idiot, and we all know that him grinning like a moron is really quite a hard feat to achieve. He responds by moving forward, and kissing her. Reviews much appreciated. It would be greatly appreciated. If you like the story. . All because of her attitude and the way she is. He's so high on the social ladder he practically owns it with his best friend. That way, at least it would be less painful than listening to this torture. Unfortunately. I cheered silently on in my head, a huge grin finding it's way onto my face. I gave him a quick smile and dashed out of the room just as everyone was coming to their senses that the lesson was over. I shoved everything into it and slammed it shut, turning back to her. (Pom-poms as they are commonly referred/known to other low life-forms who don't even have a brain). I liked her a lot and was sad to see her go, she would always give me some treat, usually one of her freshly baked cookies or muffins, whenever she saw me and was the sweetest lady ever. I jumped with a small yelp and ran away as quickly as I could into my house, the eye following me. Or more like the two baby blue eyes. Nerds of you want to call us that but you know what? We are…like two halves that make up one whole of a pie, separated we stand alone, together we are one…I'm starting to sound really cheesy aren't I? Apparently he's going for his own 'style' but me and Jenna just think of it as a phase of immaturity and idiocy), his dark brown eyes staring at me cheekily. They always banter around a lot and whenever Wes gets accused of being like a girl, he actually acts more feminine than ever during those little banters than he realizes. He got up, clutching the edge of the cafeteria table. Cue the innocent look. Jenna was still giggling slightly and wouldn't shut up even though Wes shot her his meanest look. I started giggling too and soon, all three of us were snickering together and snorting. And I, well, I'm slightly ashamed to admit that I am one of those girls. He's sweet, kind, funny and all-in-all perfect in one perfect little package. His best friend is…a jerk. He thinks he's so good-looking and isn't the least bit shy about flaunting it. I'm just stating a completely unbiased fact (and yes, I can be unbiased when I want to be). But Dante is the most wanted guy in school, the guy all the girls chase, the mysterious boy with that whole appealing charm, the most secretive boy. He also wears a lot of black and from what I've heard, not seen, he has a very lithe and athletic build with a finely toned body to match Braden's. Please, the only reason that the people here are in this school is all because of Daddy dearest's money. They're all stuffed up, posh, snobby and practically live off Daddy's money by buying the latest Dolce sunglasses, Gabbana shoes and whatever other fucked up shit there is to buy. Apart from one or two who used their smarts and not their little green notes. I can sympathize. No, I just scream profanities in my head. Der, like I can keep anything from him, he always wriggles it out of me one way or another. Right now, I'm on a roll! That's going to bruise tomorrow, that's for sure. (Even though he doesn't know it yet). I just stared at him with one raised eyebrow. Please note the sarcasm. Tutoring partner! Anyway, I'm finding that I'm much better at doing my own characters anyway, and this is an older story that I wrote but I'm just going with the general idea, and I'm going to give it a major make-over. she asked, pointing to something else. She adored Martin, so it was a very nice event for everyone. She continued to pretend to believe him because she knew someone had to take care of him and she was used to the job. She wasn't in the mood to see him. Even if he happened to stumble across her, he would probably be too drunk to see her. Finally she stepped out of the wet area, grabbed her phone, and went to the couch, pulling a blanket around herself as she dialed her mother's familiar number. he slurred as he stumbled in. She turned her head and pulled away. She got off work at one o'clock and her friend Stephanie asked her to go to lunch with her. she said, shoving him gently. he said, grimacing. Jenna sighed. The guy next to her glanced over at her and smiled. Nice, she thought. Jenna just stared at the brunette. Jenna completely forgot she was supposed to be looking for Trevor and the other girl, but she knew logically that if Trevor wasn't right next to her she wouldn't know it was the woman anyway. She frowned again. Jenna looked at the keys. Her eyes widened. She pulled a blanket on Jessica and walked out, making sure she locked the door behind her. I know it wasn't incredibly long, but I'll update if people like it so far. He never talked, never looked my way and if it weren't for that damn Morrissey shirt, I'd have kicked his stalking ass. Olympic swimmers could have done high dives into it and a yacht could have escorted them to the ladder, because I guarantee they'd never have found the edge of that pool on their own. I was considering giving both of them whistles and G.I hats before I left. That wouldn't have been so bad if my second flight wasn't delayed for an hour. Not such a bad thing, but I like my peace and I knew I'd have very little of it with Simona. She sang- shrilly- Culture Club's Karma Chameleon to me. ? She makes 'womanizer' sound more like 'woo-mon-i-zar. It didn't help that I was a week late and behind everyone else in studying. m. Who can run to class- or coffee carts- when the nearest building is a football field away? She promptly proclaimed her love for me. What would a Political Science and Law major been doing in the Chemistry building? No way was I taking the stairs. Then I sat at the back of the small class, watching people file in- some of them checking their own names on the roster. I only had a moment to wonder if he was listening to The Smiths on his iPod when his had came out to the side like he was handing me something. I was in the middle of trying to convince her to go into teaching Poly Sci or to go into Politics when I heard someone fall heavily into the seat beside me. He was sitting pretty stiffly, looking straight ahead and not moving. Either way I doubt he saw me. You know, the ones that are hooked to the instructors mic. He'd sit down, pause for a minute like he didn't know what to do, then pull out the notebook and begin writing before class even started. I don't know, maybe he tapped his finger when he found it really interesting. Not because he was amazingly good-looking but because he actually took off his hood. Now that his hood was down I couldn't be sure he wouldn't see me. It was just sort of a spikey mess in the front. Since I was at the end of the row, he had no choice but sit on my left. I hadn't really thought anything of it until I heard a smooth voice next to me. Like he was amiable but didn't really know what to do sometimes. (and the rest of the Smiths, but The Man is who caught my attention. '- We had suffered through a lecture about the evils of Leninism that day and the unrealistic elements of Marxism. I don't think I even owned heels, they just weren't practically for running to classes and they definitely weren't practical for working at the campus athletics facility. She pushed over some of my clothes and sat down, looking at mess I made. Students and other patrons sat all over in high tables that matched the rest of the décor: wood, with green and brown cushions and in the case of the tables, green napkins in iron napkin holders. Most of the food seemed to be Italian, except for a few French pastries that were listed. Why the hell did Jonas bother with a used car if he could afford to live here? There was a large screen TV sitting in front of simple a black couch which played off the light cream color that the Uni painted all the rooms in. Between the easel and the end table I could see the doors to his closet. All in all it looked like he had too much stuff and not enough space. When I opened his t-shirt drawer, I had to grin to myself. Every boyfriend I had made me watch it; it was a good movie, but c'mon! He was warm and comfortable so I had no problem with letting him hold me, especially when he couldn't see me blush in the dark. I was lying in the space between his body and couch, pressed comfortably against him with my arm around his waist. It was a little distracting, lying with him like this. With Jonas looking over my shoulder, we flipped through his drawings together and he took some time to explain some of them to me. What made me pause was the drawing. I look exhausted but I seemed amused as I stared over my coffee cup at something off the page. I happily told her. I once caught her singing in her sleep, for god's sakes. I usually don't make one-shots that long. Anyway, I ended up getting bored with the class so I never went and didn't see him again. Then I got the title 'Morrissey Made Me Love Him' stuck in my head and ta-da! In the movie Nosferatu (Murnau's version), they changed the names to Ellen and Harker became Hutter. She's satisfied with the thought of maybe combining it all somehow into one crazy novel in the future. She was never published, apparently it never interested her much. This stranger happens to have the Morrissey hair down perfect. This is a guy that she just has to have a movie marathon with. He doesn't seem to be finished. The fact that he may be right, infuriates her. They both turn back to their professor and listen to the rest of the speech. This is all new territory for her and she doesn't know how to deal with him. Apparently when he said that he didn't read a lot, he had a different definition of 'a lot'. She hates him. Immediately she frowns at the thought. He's still a cocky son of a bitch. Miranda looks him straight in the eye, waiting for his response, not thinking for one moment that he's stunned into silence by her brilliance. The councilor my sister sent me too says it should wear off in a matter of time…that was about two months ago. Suddenly I just wanted to return to the isolated seat in the back I'd been sitting in since the fifth day of school. After a grunt I was dropped back into my seat and Chris was moving to the seat I had inhabited the past two months. and making me think, and not for the first time, that whatever entity there was hated me with a passion. He asked with a straight face, like he was making some sort of business deal. I huffed at him and tried an experimental tug at the grip on my arm. I suppose we would look half-way decent together. I wasn't going to just agree to this because he batted his eyelashes. leaving me to later wonder how the hell he knew where I lived. Why would I want an asshole like that check me out? I lowered my head to see what he was following and…oh holy shit I'm still wet. He stopped maybe three inches in front of me, his head turned down toward me. or it would have, if I had found his voice even remotely attractive. My clothes were too tight and my shirt was way too short, almost showing my belly button…but surprisingly it didn't make my look bad, just stupid. His hands started down from their place on my shoulders. He groaned slightly, moving his right hand farther up my chest to pull me closer to him, while his left traveled even farther south. I turned in my place and wrapped me arms around Tyler's neck bringing my face up to his. He pulled away and kissed down my face to my ear that was facing away from the group. If only he didn't treat me like a dog. At least, that's what I always thought. Scythe quirked an eyebrow, challengingly. A few leaves fell and I watched them swivel in a whirlpool of green, then settle to the ground. I wrenched my hand from his grip and folded my arms, gaze hard. Unable to stand it anymore, I bolted and their voices shouted after, telling me to stop. The entrance, from where I stood, looked like a big black hole and it instantly made me think of monsters and ghosts. It never crossed my mind that I could lie, because lying was wrong and only bad people lied intentionally. The water was still and white gleamed. Curiosity overwhelmed me and I entered, though still a bit wary. It made me stop, dead in my tracks, then I heard it again. Only, unlike what Scythe's mommy played, they weren't just chords –– there was some sort of tune on top. Its dirtiness only caught my attention for a few moments, though, because, immediately, I looked for the source of the pretty music. I watched them dance, twirl each other around in circles and jump from the tables, racing after one another, their dresses following in waves of threaded gold. Why would an eight year old be on his own, in the middle of no where? he added as an afterthought. this is probably going to be all complicated like cath, though i'm not quite sure yet. . The world started turning again, and all was well. Albert was adored, he was revered, and he was the perfect target for Magnolia's revenge. Either way, the competition was on. Throwing the girl in front of me a sympathetic look, I ungracefully slid myself into an empty seat near the middle of the bus and waited. Damn this stupid rivalry! Because we were bound to get along if we were forced to be in each other's company for long enough! My classmates, however, were not as pleased to see their rivals. Because a massacre would be unfair, you know. Oh, please no. I sighed. Call me a saint. Scanning my surroundings furiously, I once again spotted the Magnolia students boarding the bus. Real convincing Addie. I declared triumphantly towards Dexter. He turned to head towards the back of the bus, tucking in his shirt tail as he left. Plus, I generally wasn't a fan of unnecessary pain. I glanced over. Slap his face on a Calvin Klein underwear ad right now, and I swear, those boxers would sell. He nodded at me. I brushed it off and answered coolly. Not exactly sure why, I answered him anyway. Regardless of my thoughts, I continued talking. I narrowed my eyes suspiciously but my curiosity prompted to answer him all the same. I'm pretty sure we would both be charged with treason if the two schools finally decided to stop arguing and actually take note of their surroundings. I didn't think so. No Magnolia boy was about to get the best of me! He raised an eyebrow as to question my expression. He had wasted my precious minutes on the guessing game, and he didn't even have a cool name? Suddenly the bus lurched and although I threw my hands out in front of me to catch myself, I ended up sprawled across Dylan's lap anyway. I threw my hands up, exasperated. This was tiring- I decided that I had enough of this Dylan guy, and the sooner I could get away from him, the better. Suddenly reminded of my surroundings, I quickly clamped a hand over his mouth. Feeling Dylan's warm breath against the palm of my hand, I hastily let my hand drop back down to my side. What had I done to anger the gods? I would prefer to be awake so I could at least attempt to avoid my social downfall, thank you very much. Of course, they made sure to state that no boys were allowed on the 7th floor and vice versa. Can you say freedom? Screw the buddy system! Which was fine with me; that just meant more of the Riverwalk for myself! I guess that was nice of him- not that I would ever tell him that. Nice try. I was not going to get caught with a Magnolia student. I took off running in the other direction notifying him of my exit with a few parting words. Shaking his head as if to express his disbelief at what he was about to do, he ran after me. Passing countless restaurants, I suddenly noticed that he was intentionally keeping a steady distance. The jerk! Creeping even closer to the edge, I called his name. I leaned in even closer. For some reason, I wasn't that angry. It was a welcome break from the ninety degree heat. I looked up at him. I gave in. After all, it would take too much effort on my part to disagree. I repeat: a veryhot stranger from a rival school. Maybe the buddy system wasn't as pointless as I had originally thought. You know- if that were even possible. I looked at Dylan; his eyes focused on something ahead- something which would probably be, once again, not interesting enough to settle for. He had pulled me over to a store front with questionable merchandise, and I immediately blanched. He gestured towards the display window. He chuckled with approval and headed in after me. I snickered. Almost. His face paled as his eyes took in the undeniably feminine Vespa. A-plus for effort. Seeming to have grudgingly accepted my choice now, he called a store employee over. I think that was pretty merciful of me. The rumble of the engine sounded and I let out a squeak. I squeezed my eyes shut and buried my face in his shoulder. How did I get myself into these situations? The paved road allowed for us to coast smoothly past the other cars. I tugged on Dylan's shirt. I was still busy checking out the scenery. I gave Dylan a questioning stare. I glanced up at him. Life was unfair. After a short moment of rest, he sat up and glanced in my direction. How he dismissed them without a care in the world, I would never know. Before we reached it however, Dylan shook the souvenir bag obnoxiously in front of my face. I didn't even know that fanny packs were still being made. I was a biter. I groaned, realizing that he had me trapped. While we were jogging back to the hotel, anxious to get out of the rain, I took pleasure in the fact that this time, everyone else was drenched as well. He reached out to hold me upright. Besides, a little water never hurt anyone. It became exhausting to even hold my head up, so I rested it against Dylan's shoulder. If only I could get myself there. My eyes secretly scanned every plane of his body. He was too attractive for his own good. I had countless questions when Dylan was involved. Who knew what would happen if I did. I glanced at his lips. Dylan followed close behind. I didn't need this! It would be a welcome change. He turned the corner, and I felt my heart drop in my chest. He raked his hand nervously through his hair. My skin felt like it was on fire. Acting on impulse, I pulled away from Dylan. I mumbled a quick , before I retreated to the back of the elevator. A pang of guilt washed over me followed by a feeling of longing. I just wanted to go back to my hotel room and mope. Addie, what have you done? It's not as if I had been expecting to find him in desperate tears- but some indication that I mattered to him at all would have been nice. I had just been deluding myself. It was midnight and I still wasn't able to sleep. Damn you, Dylan. What was that? Annoyed, I stomped off to the bathroom to check to see what exactly had made the noise. Cautiously reaching my hand out, I flushed the toilet, hoping that somehow with that one flush the whole problem would disappear. Water ran down the outside of the bowl and began to make a pool on the floor. Not by myself. Fifty-fifty chance- not bad. Tugging at the bottom of my t-shirt as a lame attempt to cover myself up, I stepped away from the boy standing in front of me. Phew! Just do it Addie. I heard a ruffling, and the door opened a few moments after. He rubbed his eyes, still groggy from being woken up so suddenly. He looked pained as he tried to keep his eyes from wandering. He must've seen the panic in my eyes. Wildly indicating towards the door, I informed him of my problem. I really hadn't thought this through. I couldn't handle the likes of the toilet beast again. What part of that didn't he understand? At least if he were inside, we would be less likely to be caught. Walking past me, he opened the door to the bathroom. I guess it decided to opt for the more erratic spurts of water and the occasional crashing tidal wave over the edge. Please forgive me and stop this spurting! Round 1. No seepage to the outside carpet! I pulled away, taking in our attire. I wanted so desperately to feel his hands on me again. Observing his stony demeanor, I decided that the truth couldn't do any more damage than what had already been done. Slowly, I started to come back to my senses. He was taking my confession well. His voice came out in a ragged whisper. He stepped close to me once again and reached out to tuck unruly strands of hair behind my ear. Wait. I took a step back, taking a moment to let everything sink in. Even though his words sounded like they came straight from junior high, I doubted I would ever get tired of hearing them. How cheesy. I took a step closer. Pulling away, I questioned him once again. Truly. He shouldn't even be up, but he knew that if he didn't get up, his mom would be in to shake him out of his sleep soon enough. Another one for clothes was sitting next to his open closet door, and after that was two more boxes filled with random things he hadn't bothered to label. She smiled up at him, and he grinned back tiredly. He opened the door, and looked over at his mother. He had just started last night. He reached up and tried to fix it with just his fingers, but it wasn't working. He liked that, though. A few photos of friends, some old school awards, gifts from people. He had a huge smile on his face; one that only an innocent child could wear. There were six in all now, with only two of them being their own. He was a bay paint, too, only a bit darker with less white. His father and their hired help dealt with the rest. He couldn't remember a time when it hadn't been filled with hay, to be honest. His name was Barney, and he was a nightmare. Next to him were the two stalls for Skye and Rusty. Theirs had room for twelve, along with the birthing stall that was filled with hay, the feed/tack room, the store room, and the office on the main ground level. The space made for a great spot to chill with friends. He listened to what his after was saying on the phone. Needless to say, it was a pretty small town. They walked down the path to the front door, and his dad unlocked it, and went inside. It had been their old house, before they built the new one down the road. There was no basement, but there was a garage, with room for the washer and dryer. They both looked at each other, and grinned; walking into the kitchen. He poured on some syrup, and then took a bite. He still had chores to do. Mix and allow mayhem to ensue. If you're here at all, I'm sure it's nothing you can't handle. Sorry! Jesus, was I out of my mind? But that was no reason to go around attempting suicide. Mind. So I called the Old Navy number instead. I could have probably gotten the same amount of feel-better from a quart of ice-cream. Time to get back to reality and humanity and all those other unreasonable –ity's. Parents are famous for it, in fact. Damn! There was a sound like static on the other end. This one was male. I know that's a cliché, but it's exactly what it felt like. he confided in me. He sounded dangerous in a sly sort of way. When I didn't say anything at all, he laughed. This wasn't the way normal people acted in real life. When the phone rang on the third day, I answered it in a semi-happy mood without even a chance to put up my defenses. I put it to my ear and said nothing. That's what tough scary guys said when they wanted to intimidate people, right? After a few seconds, I turned my face back to the side and put the phone back to my ear. As if he were there in person and I was talking to him. He called a few more times, and we talked about absolutely nothing, the majority of the conversations limited to me complaining about him calling in the first place, but I still tensed every time it rang, and felt like an psychologically conditioned idiot sheep when it usually turned out to be my mom. Yes, I'm all packed for stupid should've-stopped-doing-this-when-I-was-ten band camp. I think she thought she was being more time-efficient when she had seven conversations going at the same time instead of just one. It could be anything from too many piercings to not inviting my ex over enough, back when she wasn't an ex. The pre-band camp calm. The days before piercings or hair dye or having a fucking clue. He paused. I sighed. You'd die where you sat if I did. But I felt a shiver on my neck and so, feeling foolish, peeked over the back of the couch. I sighed and put the phone back to my ear. Daniel finally noticed the possible double meaning. Now. Getting away from the house would be a perfect way to get away from this stupid phone stalker. None of the little ones stirred as the old priest entered, his boots making a wet slapping noise on the stone floor. The children's father stood with a glint in his eyes as he listened carefully for the words of the man who had been known to speak doom on the lives of many. He didn't look like he had just spent seven hours driving on rutted dirt roads in Middle-of-Nowhere, Mozambique with a worn-out suspension and shock absorbers that hadn't been replaced since 1997. When we were back on even ground, he casually took another sip of Coke. Not wanting to give him the satisfaction, I turned my head, watching the landscape pass by. My cotton shirt was permanently damp with sweat, and I longed for the subzero temperatures that Washington, D.C. was currently experiencing. Now, further north, there were more chickens than people. I hated the tension, the awkwardness, and the pressing feeling of so many things unsaid, but that was what happened when you slept with your partner. All those pent-up feelings and that nearly tangible sexual tension had come to a breaking point. We hadn't talked about  since I told him that we should forget anything ever happened. I didn't like the fact that my arm pressing against Boone's made my heart pound just as much as hearing hyenas cackle in the distance. Each of them had an assault rifle gripped loosely in their hands. Only then did he seem to lose it. I let my heart beat as fast as it wanted but made sure my nerves didn't show. He slipped them into the pocket of his cargo shorts. They were AN-94 assault rifles. he demanded. He looked in the back of the passport. Even though it was pointed at the ground, the message was clear. My boots crunched on the dirt. he ordered. I saw them pocket the wad of US dollars in my wallet, dismount the GPS, and grab Boone's iPod. That would certainly ruin the innocent newlywed illusion. he instructed. I was dirty and sweaty, my back hurt from nonstop driving on rough terrain, Boone had been irritating me for four days straight, our stuff had been ransacked, and I had to pee like a racehorse. I made sure I was still blocking his access to the hood. There was nothing that scared men more. I rasped, panicking. he cursed. My throat was burning with the effort. Jogging over to the other side, he hopped into the driver's seat and quickly started the engine. I slumped down in my seat, covering my face with my hands. According to the map, we were headed for Limpopo National Park, an enormous 10,000 square kilometer jungle-like area with very little infrastructure. I slipped them on. I asked, voice low and serious. A/N: Well, here it is, the sequel to Vertigo! So I thought we could swap presents. Via the Internet. )com and I can sign your copy. REVIEWS. . . There is a free application that amazon have for all computer systems. She had to get a job now. She knew she was babbling but she always did when she was nervous. ! ! And she had been arguing with him! He knew all that there was to know about the restaurant business and, if fancy took him, he could see this little miss would never get another job in town. The girl was practically in dippers. She also had high recommendations from her teachers at the Culinary Institute… oh, and she was 23 years old. Badly. When Zephyr kicked off and John had to begin worrying seriously about the more… administrative aspects of running a restaurant, he had shipped Jason back from Seattle, offered him a big fat salary and let him in charge of the food part. Fancy type of cake? But he suddenly felt on a damn good mood. John smiled, smoothed her hair back and kissed Jess' temple. Hannah said, not even trying to conceal her matchmaking attempts. ! He said to the little girl as he sat her up on a tall stool next to the table over which a beautiful strawberry cheesecake sat. ! Luka says over the phone. I fold the grocery list I just wrote in two, and in two again and put it in my pocket. More than that, he has a date tomorrow night with a gorgeous blonde girl from school. From my European father I inherited a wide mouth which I like to think of as expressive, but other than that, I know from experience I am a young clone of my Japanese mother ( I remember my friend Constance complaining back at me once; I decided her situation was worse then, and stopped worrying about mine). I can't consider dating anyone else right now, not when I want to be with someone this badly. It's proving very difficult to get over a boy whom I see every day. I enjoy forcing it on him, is all. His cell phone is in his hand and he is looking up at me and his wide-eyed expression is telling me everything is lost and I almost drop my own cell phone. Come to think of it, this might be because he actually is an aristocratic European). His phone chirps and we both ignore it. But if he's going to ignore it unless I say something, then I can also ignore it until he says something. Either that or they distract. I think hopelessly. Because I'll lose him now. I hope it isn't going to be our last dinner together. How can I be mad at Luka if he does stuff like this? I babble a lot. There is nothing but the sound of the simmering in the pan on the stove, and the chop chop chop of my knife on the carrots. Again I say nothing. I watch the moving shadow of the leaves from the tree outside the kitchen window, projected blurrily onto my floor. He keeps his head down. I can feel my nose clogging and know I won't last much longer. I let out a nasal moany laugh. I was a little taller than he was, though he wasn't as skinny as me. I remember a crumb falling from his mouth now and then, because he didn't close his mouth to chew, and avidly thinking that boys were gross. I watched, fascinated, more grossed out by the second, but decided not to say anything. The hissing sounds tinny now, but softer. And then I think; he should add more oil so the chicken won't stick to the pan. I thank him hoarsely and take it. And does Luka really have any right to laugh at all the Disney movies Shoe used to watch? Also: what school do they go to, anyways? You guys still willing to give me a chance? But I figure we're not that different, perhaps you lot can appreciate my (crooked and curly) line of thought as well. You'd have to give me a believable name (like your real one, lol) but it'd totally be fun, in my opinion. . The next ones will probably be 10, or so. But rest assured that the rest is. I almost dropped the purple unicorn. and one of the things that make him so absolutely cool. It was just like in school, where he'd sit like some kind of marble statue watching the other guys playing waste bin basketball. how was I supposed to sell it to him? he's just – another – customer. Sometimes I think if a hundred different people were calling me, I'd still be able to pick out Martin's voice from all the others. If the girl didn't like the card I chose, would he blame me? I'm nutty over you! Now here he was, asking me for my personal opinion – and it took an embarrassingly long time before I recovered from my surprise enough to actually voice it. I was starting to really dislike this girl, whoever she was, and I was half tempted to sell Martin the nutty squirrel card after all. Martin took it in both hands and opened it solemnly, like a book. is anywhere you are. As for Martin, I'd never had the guts to give it to him. only not in the way I'd dreamed. Once I had the thirty-five cents together somehow, I dropped them on the counter to avoid touching his hand and the rattling noise they made was so loud, even the hairdressers next door might have noticed. – and drew it away again. By the time I remembered my manners and waved back, he was already gone. They were the roses-and-teddy-bears kind, nothing special; it was the third card that made me flip. . That card felt like the center of the universe. I was still feeling a little wobbly after the plane ride — I was not in the mood to converse with these weird people. Sounded creepy enough. More like a trip to a mansion where you were treated like gold. You could tell by my eyes. Inside, I hated them with such a passion that sometimes I thought that killing them would be my only way out. therefore, I was expected to be glum and brood the entire trip. quite well, actually. I saw them take off in a flurry of feathers and soar across the sky to their next perch. Large windows faced the dirt road; soft white blinds covered my view from seeing inside. The skinny driver with a name tag that read  decided to obey the little snob's request. She dragged her bag out — a heavy, bulky bag — and caught my eye. I should have probably been a little nicer. He was one of those guys who thought swearing a lot made them look . I told him, then turned away with the roll of my eyes. What a terrible sound. From certain angles, however, the blue could be seen and it looked very catching. Various kitchen utensils. Strange man; probably driven insane because he was so excluded from the rest of the world on his little island. All in all, he was fairly attractive and I found myself thinking that he wouldn't be too bad of a companion. perhaps I could overlook that. When I sat down beside him, he didn't even look at me. I asked him. He held up a peppermint in front of my face. Irritation began to well up — honestly, couldn't she just leave me alone? She had no idea that if I were angered enough, I wouldn't know when to stop trying to get revenge on someone. Troy glared down his nose at me, head held up high, chin raised. I sat down and sighed as I pressed the back of my head against the wall. I didn't really care to, either. Still, he did not break his fierce stare. It sounded like an acoustic guitar. . I stopped and glanced up at it. It was such a desolate yet imaginative piece that I found myself staring up at it for more than a few minutes. Long, wavy dark brown hair and piercing blue eyes, the same color as her father before he was changed. From what Marina told her daughter, Emilie deducted that he was handsome, rich, smart, witty and a full fledged vampire, changed the night Em was born. They had just returned from Milan. She warned. She wasn't a vampire or a mortal; Em was half and half. If only he had a better personality. He was treading on his territory. She watched as Will bit hard into his cheek, trying to keep in control. As if on command, Em wrapped her arms around his neck, bringing him closer as she reveled in the feeling of his hands on her. She was annoyed and agitated, barking at anyone who dared enter her room to leave. Real plot will start next chapter, so review! All in all… he was just plain crazy. His eyes were an intense shade of dark green, and he had the devilish smirk to boot. Of course, all the girls looked to Don and swooned, looking past my Irish boy to watch Donny the Deranged dance. Winona retreated slightly to take a good look at me. It was only fitting to wear it this night. Winona shrugged and added,  We both grinned brightly as I, in turn, began showering her with praise for her good choice in clothing. Winnie had invited me in hopes that she could hook me up with someone at the party. Lily's enthusiasm had its good and bad moments. To my surprise, so did Sammy. I'd jump his bones already. 'This could be fun…' I thought wickedly. I snorted in amusement. My features melted into a warm expression. This was the beginning of a very beautiful… err… thing. She turned to me with a brighter expression. she always answered when Sarah asked her about the minors. As Winona sauntered away, she threw back over her shoulder,  before disappearing within the crowds. Having never been much of a drinker, I couldn't hold my liquor all that well and the last time I had downed too many shots… well, it wasn't glamorous. Not that I wanted to get down, really. Meow, hiss, hiss. She cast me an apologetic look and sent for a security guard to escort the man out of the building. Sammy glanced at me sideways once again, furrowing his eyebrows. Fall for his best friend. Whatever she had to say better be good. And Alexia HAD a boyfriend! She turned to the girls with a superior sneer. And if not, the new chapter will still be up in a day or so. For more information about this story, or if you find this story—or its likeness—posted or published anywhere not under my name, please contact me directly. What a CoincidenceChapter One – Part One: Does Peanut Butter Even Go Bad? It was disgusting. If only they would stop touching each other! I couldn't even say the word because it was so tainted. ! She sighed but continued on, choosing to ignore my reaction. Everybody liked Cody Weber—except me. My point was, though, that I was surprised she stuck around when she got super pretty in ninth grade. At the time, I was pleased with that answered, but now I was sure there had been a hidden meaning in it since I remembered that she had a smirk on when she told me. Secretly, I was afraid that Ellie would get fed up with me one of these days and would replace me with Cody. ! And it was just my luck that I had a huge crush on him. In this case, it was usually Chris. I just know I did—a lot. Besides, if I rewrote it that end up eff-ing with the sequel, which I'd rather not do. In thanks for my thoughtful advice, she plopped down in my seat and started digging into my yogurt. That didn't stop her from eating another huge spoonful of my yogurt, though. I was attached to that particular spot. When she was satisfied, she reached over to poke me in the stomach. With all the extra muscle, people could hardly tell we were twins—our coloring was even different, since Lucas dyed his hair a lighter shade of blonde on a regular basis and tanned as often as the salon would allow. We'd only lived in this house for a little over a year, and already she had broken two doors and a stair railing. I narrowly avoided getting hit in the face by a belt. I didn't often contradict her. She didn't want my appearance to reflect badly on her. I pushed past her, stomping down the stairs. I grabbed a few tissues from our coffee table in the living room, not even breaking stride as I headed toward the kitchen. We'd been best friends since seventh grade—she should know me by now. The stench was so thick that it seemed to linger at the back of my throat. he said to Dad. I knew that his day didn't truly begin until he saw Kayla. Across the familiar logo was a fine spattering of red. It was impressive, in a way, but seeing him try to care was awkward, and I knew the fastest way to make him lose interest. It was that bad. He grabbed his keys from the hook next to the front door and stole a quick kiss from Kayla. I tried not to breathe: Even with a changed shirt, my brother still smelled grossly like a dead animal. Slash. It's a really bad trait in a person, trust me. Bah ha ha ha I'm so evil! Must stop talking out loud. ) It wasn't until later, when things really began to get interesting with the neighbours. Or donuts… you know what I mean. Convenient, huh? Clearly my dad's not gay unless he's in a serious case of denial (which I think I'd find more amusing than anything else, should it happen) so this brings me back once again to 'What line? Weird. I really have reserved judgement on Michael… the guy is a complete… well… let's not get into that now. If a hot girl answers the door, I'm going to look pretty lame (not to mention freaky and stalkerish for opening their parcel, even if by accident. Wow, this is annoying me, think of how pissed off they must be by now… They can't punch their new neighbour in the face on first meeting, right? I'm not pissing off hot sister, at least. It's pretty routine between us, not to mention Dan and I's compulsive lying. Actually, she looks a lot better than Stacey, she's about the same age, with brown hair and blonde streaks, and clear green eyes. Still silence. Cherie leaves. He wants to blow us all up! ! I'm going to die! He can't know. This caterpillar would seem like a very satisfying morsel to snapping beaks. Next time, it might not be him. There would be no purpose to it and it would either be killed or lost along the way. He inspected each can – checking the dates stamped to the top of them, making sure that they were still secure – and only loaded what he knew they could carry. But the world was no longer a place one could hold grudges and after three years together, she trusted no one but him. Simply east. She stood perfectly still, waiting, her heart pounding but her head steady as she kept her arm raised and her gun pointed. This was the world now and though she didn't know what she would do without him, she couldn't rely upon Jason for everything. Sometimes, she whispered her name to herself so she wouldn't forget. It didn't necessarily have to mean anything. The disease traveled through the blood and if she was to get any of the walker's blood into her own stream, Jason wouldn't allow her to leave the store. But it was too strong to stop and once the first tear fell down her cheek, others quickly brimmed out of her eyes to follow. This had been the world for three years now and there was no more reason to mourn. One day, the humans would all be killed and turned and then, the walkers would have no more food. She understood – even if sometimes she truly just wanted him to hug her. she whispered. He took her knife and wiped the blood off on his jeans before he thrust it back into the sheath on her thigh. She can't remember the last time she had been hugged. They needed their nights to rest and sleep after full days of walking; not to fight off unforeseen hordes of walkers. Her father had grown up on a farm and when they visited his parents, she and her sister would chase one another through the corn that grew past their heads, the stalks slapping them sharply in the face as they ran. Her parents had loved one another dearly and had always been so affectionate, always kissing and hugging one another. Erica and her mother had died from the sickness and her dad… the last time she saw his dad, he was trying to break through the door of her bedroom and she had crawled out of her window, cutting her right leg – a scar she still wore. She stood next to him, pulling her compass from one of her jacket pockets that she had taken nearly two years before from a sporting store they had sifted through. The only water they trusted now was rain water and any time it rained, they made sure they were able to fill their canteens, rationing it, never knowing when it would rain again. He looked at her. Some people had truly gone mad with the way things had changed and had become as frightening as what they were supposed to band together against and fight. Thank you! Good, then keep reading. Jack had used to think it was bad enough seeing his brother at Christmas, but now he was faced with the looming reality of seeing him every day. Feeling like a jerk, he allowed Liz to continue. It was tough having your lifelong best friend a girl. People weren't his thing and despite the numerous efforts of some of his classmates, he remained the helpless loner who stuttered nervously when approached. Was that saying something? His mother would have been lonely, anyway, but that was only an afterthought if Jack were being honest. By simply seeking and craving every second of attention and leaving none to Jack. Their mother beckoned him over and when Jack shook his head purposefully, she sighed and then led Evan through to the kitchen. He was beginning to think he was going crazy, until his mother spoke again. His eyes narrowed at the unjustness of it all and he could feel how tight his arms were crossed by the shooting pains all the way to his fingers. His name was shouted, but he could barely register it over his own emotions. With Evan's presence, though, he was sure to be missing a few more. When he was done he wrapped a towel around himself and stepped out into the freezing cold of the basement, again. He'd made it his goal last night that he wasn't going to be talking to Evan unless absolutely necessary. So Jack pulled on his socks, and then his shoes, then grabbed his backpack and left the house in a hurry. It figured that Evan got anything he wanted. She grinned at him and beckoned him over. Jack always thought she looked great in them anyway. Though here she sat, every day at his side because she knew that taking the bus was something Jack hated doing alone. But even his condition couldn't give him an excuse to drop his all boy's phys-ed in his fourth period. He would not change in the locker rooms. He hadn't even choked out a response. People. He had half turned, ready to make a break for it - for the bathroom that was his sanctuary - until something tugged on his arm. He was failing, and the Coach pitied him. she squealed, throwing her arms around him and squeezing him tightly. It was Evan's first day at this school, and he wasn't fond of seeing him. A few of the boys from his gym class were eyeing him curiously and he immediately looked in front of him. Thanks. Even if it's CC (Well, as long as it's not 'fuck you, this story's shit', because that would be a bit mean) I'd be really grateful to hear from you. It's fucked up. He turns back to me, eyes flicking from my feet to face. I throw my books into my locker and slam it closed, locking it with my padlock before having my vision blackened by a pair of small, cold hands. Since that time, she's been clinging to me like an amoeba. He doesn't really speak, so I guess that's why. The sad thing is, I live there. Which, to be honest, is not very surprising since I am not exactly the most cuddly person; in fact, Lewis often refers to me as 'The Hedgehog'. End of story, sentence, whatever. I've just become so accustomed to him saying it while I'm not listening properly that the words implant themselves evilly on my brain. I'm surprised he even bothered asking. I haven't even spoken to him yet and he's irritating me. Damn his stupid gay hormones. Why the fuck is he calling him Lou? Jude chuckles lightly, humour in his voice as he says that he noticed that. Lewis says that it's a real skill to be able to do that; he says he couldn't do it for shit… but then again, Lewis gets distracted by anything. He's probably so used to everyone pulling them to their tables that he thinks he's got a VIP pass to every bloody table. The grin is still planted on his face beneath his hazelnut eyes and ruffled coffee hair. Are we bloody five years old? Everyone always assumes that if you hang out with a gay guy, it automatically makes you gay. I spin away from him and walk out of the cafeteria. A new story. I am leaving up a random chapter just for laughs. He was also one of the FBI's most wanted criminals, and until he kissed me, shoved a briefcase in my hands, and jumped out of my second-story window, I had no idea. Then I made the fateful decision to slip out the side exit to catch my breath and figure out what the heck I was going to do about my stupid shoe situation. Oh his lips, which had been pulled into a smirk as he took me in. I stood there, stiff and frozen, with a blank expression on my features and one elbow still cocked where I'd been trying to dry the sweat that had collected in my armpit from the time spent in the sweltering club. And then I managed to find my voice after a thick swallow. Genealogy wasn't really my thing. Call it a poor judge of character. I don't even like smoking. Three weeks later, I was making dinner when he slammed the door behind him and rushed into the kitchen, demanding if I'd been followed. I took a deep breath and removed the breadsticks from the oven with a shrug. Once again I found myself reflected back in his gaze; my eyes were wide, a mixture of terror and confusion. The expression didn't last long, because next thing I knew he was bracing himself to jump out the living room window. One tore through the glass and lodged itself in my purple sofa. Someone asked about sugar or cream, but I blinked in response and they left. I continued to stare into my coffee, wishing I had asked for sugar, until the owner of one of the voices was directly in front of me. And apparently a freaking psychopath. My mouth opened and then closed, and in that moment I felt very much like a fish. Perhaps I never stood a chance to begin with. Be there. You won't tell me why. No. Hope you enjoyed it. . If in a years time, I can not find a publisher, I will either repost the story here on Fictionpress, or I will be posting it to a private web site. You should be allowed to read the stories you've followed (in the case of Of Money and Mouths, you might have been following it for upwards of two years, since I'm such a slowpoke). So…I'm removing my stories from FP. I'll also leave my FP profile in tact so y'all can message me, see my e-mail and website, and whatever else it is people do with FP profiles. Yes, I am that arrogant. It will be quite a battle of the wills (or pills), and it will change their lives forever. On to the show. He never did. Max shouldered his team jacket and turned to begin his trek back to the team locker room, waving to the stands as he went. It wasn't that soccer matches were ever boring; it was just that it had been such a long week. No matter what the kid did, he always came across that way, and Eddie couldn't stand people like that, especially when they didn't care that they were percieved in such a manner. The blue paint from the chair was even more evident in this lighting, and he sighed as he latched the case closed. Sensing the camera was still on him, Kennedy reenacted of one of his earlier goals, much to the delight of the admirers in his wake. After a moment's speculation, he knew there was. A/N: Poor boy, so naive. Hope you enjoy! As the owner of a rather rebellious, difficult temper, I haven't yet managed to find a leash that will fit around its butt-ugly head. ) Well, the hair is a dark red, not the beautiful bright stuff you see on television—yet another example of misleading media. I shall oblige. ) As for the rest of my appearance, you shall have to put it aside because I really do not care. for all people rich and snobby (rules and conditions apply). The food, peculiarly enough, is also gray and white. Now she wanders about the grounds muttering under her putrid breath about propriety and how she'll de-stallionize, so to speak, any unfortunate male that crosses her path. No, not in so many words, but you're intelligent people; you understand. And although I almost never get to see them, I owe some measure of gratitude to them, and besides, this school is outrageously expensive, especially for one that has maybe two Internet connections in an entire thirty mile radius. I'd have rather thrown him off a cliff and watched his body plummet to the sharp, craggy rocks below and watched his intestines splatter across the surface like the monster he is. And when he moved that year, the end of his eighth grade, I had been so thrilled he was out of my life that I'd screamed with joy and given the neighbor's cat a heart attack and killed it. If Julius Caesar's ego and his Northern Star monologue fit anyone, it was Cale. And if I manage to win the war against Cale, I might even be remembered in the Westfield Hall of Fame. It's like…the giant slinky of combat. 1. Yaar, I'm a rebel. Because otherwise you're a Lurker and everybody hates Lurkers. You can find it there under the same title, author name: Rachel DeLuca. You might not understand how much. Did this woman interview victims with eyes in the back of their head or something? Something about alcohol always made her want to hand out excessive compliments, deserved or not. Lucy had melded herself into Callie's life so seamlessly it felt as though they'd always been friends. Callie looked up when the woman repeated the question. Both of her parents had spent the last two days in the hospital, taking turns sitting by Callie's bedside, getting her water, trying to get her to eat, watching her while she slept, and holding her while she cried. When she turned to face the bed, her already red and tired eyes were filled with tears. Every once in a while Callie sent them a card and sometimes she'd receive one in return, but eventually it was just too painful for either of them and the pretense was dropped. She gave a tired sigh. It was a disconnect that would take many years to resolve. She blinked once, still trying to shake the nine-year-old memory of Officer Conrad's interrogation. Deep brown eyes, as steely as the gun on his hip, stared down at her intently and she got the distinct impression that he wasn't sitting on purpose to make her feel uncomfortable. The sleeves of his uniform pulled tightly around slightly tan, muscled biceps. He pulled his own into a grim line as he waited for her to respond. They were barely twenty years old. But people had warned her about dark alleys for a reason. There was no arterial spray for she was already dead, just a slick flow of blood, oozing down her pale neck. A wave of nausea took her, but she managed to kick out at his descending hand and knock him off balance, the knife skittering away down the alley. She could see his eyes in the dimness and they were glazed, unfeeling, and terrifying. His soft reassuring voice was her anchor and she clung to it. But once in a while, something would make her think of Lucy and she would smile; a fondness in memory of her life, not her death. she finished, voice clipped with annoyance. She was both parts thrilled that she could finally put it past her, and terrified that it would send her down the emotional spiral she'd worked so hard to come out of. She wasn't sure he was particularly worthy of an explanation longer than the one she'd already given. His obvious disdain for what he perceived as her lack of concern over her own welfare made her prickle. She took a deep breath, trying to maintain her calmness so he would not know he riled her. Nobody gets away with calling me kid! he asked. isn't it fun? You just got here. Lala. "? Popularly known as Mr. Stratford ". ". Of course! See? Plagiarism is not welcome, ever. Hope you enjoy this one! Work had been hectic, and all the noise had done nothing but make my brain almost hemorrhage. I scratched the back of my head, making sure my bun was still together. Maybe he thought I would keep getting smaller. I nodded. Shannon had stopped talking, and I noticed that a shadow had fallen over us. So he was the source. His tongue darted out to moisten his lips before he pulled away, his brow furrowed. The smell intensified slightly. He was definitely a wolf. There was something off about this wolf. I knew exactly what she was trying to do and from the way he was getting close to her, he didn't seem opposed to the idea. What was I doing? I could hear a soft rumble emanate from him. His eyes darkened to their normal brown for a brief moment before he stepped back slightly. The one? How she had come to own so many shirts was beyond her. The toilet ran constantly and she had gotten used to the sounds as she slept. She never used it and had stacked the books in front of it because she couldn't afford curtains to keep out wandering eyes. She asked herself as she stared at the device in her hand. They both had suffered so much hardship to get to where they were. His family needed his financial support, so he never had time to stop. The small school still felt like high school, and with the students able to pay off the teachers and make donations to the school, most got away with murder. Madison had a thin frame, and for her, it was a tight squeeze into the bathroom. Pulling on some blue jeans and a shirt, she gathered her books into her backpack and headed out the door with a banana in hand. However, there was nothing she could afford close to the school. Afterwards, he would say he was rubbing his good luck on her, even though she knew fully well his hardships. She would always sit against the fence and watch as all these beautiful and rich people make their way onto school grounds. She looked out of place in such a school, and she always felt like she had dressed casually to a formal ball. In fact, it was worse. It was apparent by the way something was always waiting for her within it. Picking up the snake and the candy, she threw them both away in a nearby trash can. There was nothing these people could do to her that she couldn't handle. Knowing that she couldn't fight them because she didn't have the resources; that they did things to make her go away; Madison just let it happen; never said a word and just continued on her way. They worked at the same café together, but Brianna was able to go home to her parent's house and eat their food and not top ramen. It was a nickname that Madison didn't care for at first, but over the past three months she had gotten use to it. She offered it out to her. Both worked such long hours that they almost never got together outside of school or work. She mostly spent her time with other science majors while Brianna spent her days with the mathematicians and business majors. They always told of the bullying that she had gone through the first half of the day. She always told her that if she hadn't been there, she would have left the school after the second week. Because of that, they were outcast from the general population and looked down upon. Of course, she knew that the art and music majors had the same lunch time as the science students. Others had lunches brought from home, but it was often lobster and caviar. There was no way in hell that she was giving up these staircases to these rich brats. She had only eaten half of her lunch, but decided to study in the library and eat the rest of it on her way home. There was no one pressuring her to be the best or to try harder, so she had to do so herself. The four males were all popular among the female classmates, and even though Madison was aware of their names, she didn't know who was who. She decided that it had to be the vest that he always wore. She stayed out of their way and they never bothered her before. The boy never let up, and whenever he saw her there were consequences. It shoved her down and her elbow rubbed against the fabric of her sweater, but also the stones that made up the courts walkway. He grabbed her book and shoved her backwards onto her behind. It didn't matter to her, she was certain that they had witnessed at least one of her hazings before, everyone had. Being on the swim team and other sports throughout her school years had given her the edge she needed to take the bullying she received. Licking her lips, she stood silently and waited for him to finish. Until Thomas pushed her down and put his foot on her thigh. Arion dropped the book he had taken from Thomas in front of her. He said as he walked towards the library where Madison had just exited. She knew that the side of her thigh and her other hand were scrapped, but there was no blood. Yet, there was an unquestionable handsomeness to his expression and a hint of kindness hidden behind his dark brown eyes. He looked surprised at first, but didn't say anything. However, for the next two weeks she had been assigned to six hours a night. She was an elderly lady who had run the café since she inherited from her father forty years ago. People seemed to be in the mood for the seasonal pies. She not only didn't want to work the table, but she was helping Fran with problems with the cash register. The tables and chairs that were kept on the patio were all brought inside, and without a jacket she had to warm herself with her own arms. Yeah, I'm that lame. . A little too close for my liking. are making out. Does that mean he suddenly tolerates gay people? I stare. . It's only an hour into the bus ride and I'm surrounded by gayness. at me. Is he going to rape me? It's not as if friends don't get close or whatever, right? I reach out a hand to make sure that I'm not just a guinea pig with no depth perception and bop him on that freckled nose. Whatever. . He kind of is our band's sex god. oh, screw it. How damn predictable. Review, please! Confusion to the max. Look, you can talk to me, Jen. He doesn't answer, but I don't expect him to. --I snap my eyes open to my mother's face. I head for the shower. "Oh, lucky you. My stupid brother. She laughs again and we finally arrive at school. and tonight I'm having the party of a lifetime at my house. ***Andrea and I walk into my house after school. . Could I get that lucky? I walk upstairs and notice his ajar door. working"? . You're throwing a party, aren't you? but I should have known it was for other reasons". . . . . . Don't even think about it! I'm already not saying a word to Mom and Dad. I'm actually thrown off by his nice comment. Well, thats the end of the first chapter. So, let me know. don't flame! The Difference Knowing Makes. What I actually did was head straight to the library to bury my nose in a much less appealing book. Which would have been just peachy if I weren't making a habit out of being unprepared for exams this semester. The professor took the time to glance at his watch before informing me so; only to have my least favorite pen burst all over my very favorite pair of athletic shorts. Though even with a curling iron I'd never be able to achieve such body. We'd been best friends ever since. While I made sure James didn't get too shit-hammered, and always insured that he turned in his work on time. That wouldn't be the case tonight. The Red Eye Espresso was a life savor and I was still feeling awake despite the fact that it was past midnight and I'd spent the last few hours straining over schoolwork. C u 2nite? And a text message he didn't bother to proof read! Glaring at her, daring her to say those dreaded words, I ripped open the fridge and poured myself a glass of milk. What I'd usually found cute looked sickeningly girly right now, and I entered the door labeled  nearly as quickly as I slammed it shut behind me. I'd order a burger and fries paired with his egg-whites and salad. My only hobby was running for pleasure, but I always ran in solitude, so it never had an effect on my social life. It was rather simple; I had parties and social events to attend, and girls to talk to. In fact, therein lay the problem: Frat Guys. And, it was James. Say what you want about sorority girls - any rude, snarky comment that's born out of a stereotype - but no one had ever put my misfortune before having a good time before I'd joined Zeta. Happy reading. And you can take it from there. Realism, please. She felt his heat, knew his body, and smelt his scent with heated familiarity that it amazed her she was still able to stand motionless in his presence. Who demanded her here in less than fifteen minutes, with a threat if she didn't appear nonetheless? She stared out at the waves of the ocean, his eyes on her face, searching. His voice was frustrated. How could she explain the warm tenderness in his eyes when she catches him looking at her? When he continued to kiss that sensitive spot behind her ear, she willed herself to make him stop. She thanked God her voice didn't quiver. I'm an idiot. Her nose was stuffed, her eyes were sore, and she knew damn well she deserved more than this as punishment. She was going to go insane if she didn't see him now. A beautiful blonde was holding onto his arm. She should've known that. He groaned into her mouth, sucking on her lower lip gently. he said seriously, taking her face in his hands,  At her raised eyebrow, he shrugged. she crooned, tugging his tie. His eyebrows rose suggestively. Her heart raced. Pacific blue eyes looked back into mine and I pleaded with him and he let out a small sigh. I knew he didn't want to embarrasses me and say it was my fault for wanting to leave but he also didn't want to lie to his girlfriend. Not that I had a chance since Raphael was completely infatuated with her and worshipped the ground she walked on. He was a gentleman, opening doors and all that jazz. ' it's the whole female population actually wanting him. It always worked on me! I sighed and leaned into the leather seats. I rather be forced fed live worms then say that. Poor, deluded, completely oblivious Raphael, when will you learn? I really hope it's the last because knowing them, they'll try and set us up and that's the last thing I need. I held my breath, trying not to take in his oranges and guy smell, he always smelled good no matter what. I turned around and there stood my mom in her pajama's, which was just a ratty old t-shirt and some shorts, and her hair pushed back behind her ears with an eye brow raised. But not, I had to get stuck with a guy who thought a good topic for discussion was what my bra size was! I thought they  each other, its not like they ever fought! My floor was covered with papers, hangers, dirty clothes, clean clothes, cups, bottles of different pops, and other assortment of things. I closed my eyes and let sleep take over. Uh because they are beautiful and wishing can never hurt. Of course he wouldn't care, he's a 40-year-old hippie but I'd feel bad if they stole anything or burnt the store down. She was only an inch or so taller then me and I was a good 5'5. Deciding not to add fuel to his ego-fire I decided to play along, well a bit anyways. The only reason he was never expelled was because his dad was filthy rich and always bought him back in. So I tilted my head to the side and put on a disgustingly sweet smile. Valentina turned her 'if looks could kill, I'd so be dead' glare from me to Fox. What bad boy didn't drive a motorcycle? I asked, glad my voice didn't quiver. Unlike Fox and Valentina, Warrick wasn't loaded down with piercing. I opened the cash register and quickly counted out his change. Raphael took that time to come rushing into the store, almost knocking out Fox. I said, deciding to just go with the truth, even though it was only half the truth. Give it some time… please? Not that they would ever notice me, but just the way they carry themselves, it oozes such confidence. ' We have formed a pretty quick friendship and talk about random things. I think I'm in love. And, lucky me, there's a fight right by it. . I crumple to the ground. . tell me how you like it. Join the club. Ladies and Gentlemen…. I rummaged through my bag to retrieve my organizer, and the sunlight that previously happily graced my table disappeared under a hulking shadow. And, if you think that this sounds like the promising start to a beautiful I-look-like-I-hate-you-but-I'm-actually-in-love-with-you relationship, it's not. I like my nose where it is pointing now, thank you very much. You know how perverted and childish high school kids are right; I will probably be called flying knickers or something for the next half of the year. Ah hah! Finally! I read that! Then, he took out the library card of all the football team players, of course without telling them the purpose, and checked out all the books. They do not even have fats to provide the slightest warmth! He stuck his hands into his pockets and looking everywhere else but at me, he rubbed his neck nervously and said. I quickly shut my lockers and fumbling with my bag strap, I turned to run out of the school when strains of violin sounded behind me. This is a really weird dream. He stared into my eyes, just inches from my face, so close that I could see the tiny freckles on his nose and so close that I could feel his warmth. And every time he tried to catch my eyes, I would look away hurriedly and he would sigh and look down at his table forlornly. I did not know why, but the defeated slump of his shoulders and hanging head made me…somewhat sad too. Our linebacker tried to tackle the other team's running back, but crashed into their left tackle covering the running back instead, and could only watch helplessly as the other team scored. I did not know what overcame me, but I just had to be beside him right then. But then, he saw the back of the jacket I was wearing and he resignedly let me in. He stood up and turned to leave. I placed my arms around his neck and standing on tiptoes, reached up to kiss him. Our team had fought right back to be tied with the other team. In a perfect arc, the ball curved towards the fullback and just sliding out of the grasp of the defensive lineman, he dashed to the goal line. He barely noticed the people staring at him in awe as he stopped beside me, took off his helmet and kissed me, very thoroughly, I must say. Then you come to those who like to kiss the teacher's arses- the ones who live for books and the ones you'd find in the corner of the library. And never wash. They walk around in bright colours, with flashy cars covered in spray paint, massive wastes of money. The ones that, in normal schools, you would label 'outcasts'. and she also wanted the word 'peanut' to appear at least once! Yeah I reckon I'll get a few of the last one there! . But I was absolutely NOT, I tried to convince myself, wearing it on the off chance that he was going to be there. Quickly shutting the door behind myself I leant back against it and looked around to see if anyone had noticed my arrival yet. That sense that told you in no uncertain terms that those who lived within these walls were happy, content, and totally assured of their love for each other. What had I wanted to sense? I liked these two photos, they were proof that love really could be sustained, that it would change as all things do with time, but that happiness with one person could last. I really missed those days, I couldn't remember the last time I had smiled that widely or my brown eyes had sparkled so happily. It was a dangerous question, especially as my head was still so full of images of someone else. They way he looks at you, the way you look at him it isn't right, you can't allow it to be real. I thought viciously but I have to admit I did hurry over to the kitchen a lot faster then I would have usually…only to be disappointed when I saw that the only other person in there was Davey's father. It was so long since I'd actually heard his name spoken aloud I simply hadn't been prepared for it. I really hadn't been planning on saying anything, but one moment I had been concentrating on boring a hole in the floor with my eyes to fall through and the next standing there listening to them discussing Mac, and knowing that it was my fault that he was gone, was too much. Mac was making everybody miserable on Davey's birthday and that just wasn't on. Brilliant, that was exactly the kind of weather I wanted for this confrontation. It was one thing to suddenly move out and barely talk to his family but quite another to not even show up to his brother's family birthday thing! He asked slowly and I nodded curtly. Contrary to what he probably believed he was far more attractive like this then when he was in his snarling, arrogant mood. But there was just something about Mac that made my pulse quicken and my mouth dry up, something that made all my nerve endings tingle. That is, when he wanted to push me away. I hated this pretend Mac but found that I couldn't voice that at that moment. For one brief, horror struck second I became dizzy and thought I was going to faint but, as the noise from the elements subsided, so too did the threat of imminent collapse. The tears fell into little rivulets and meandered their way down my cheeks without any input from me, I was too disconnected to even cry properly. I suddenly wondered, did it take away my ability to enjoy even the simplest things in life? I did manage to stop myself making a run for it, however, and instead stood, with my arms folded, while Mac listened to what Davey was saying, his jaw set. This was when the decision had to be made? Right, when making a decision it was first necessary to make sure you had all pertinent information. The crisp whiteness of the leather was splattered with mud and I couldn't help thinking that it was somewhat of a reflection of our relationship status- what had once been so pristine was now dirtied. Those moments on the steps were solely about Davey and myself. He dropped a quick kiss on my hair but didn't say anything, leaving me to my own mixed thoughts and crumpled feelings. I was confused and I was pretty sure I was going to continue to be so for some time to come, I guess this was just something I was going to have to come to terms with. ! gotta love clichés and light hearted drama. Miffed, I turned back to the sheet of paper in front of me. Yes, OK, that worked. What's the most important thing to do above everything else? I was not uptight – seriously. My unorganized thoughts began to tug at me from inside my brain and – oh forget it! But if I brought him grocery shopping I was going to spend half the time there chasing after him. Maybe I can cook dinner while he's there - ! Arugh, let's try again. Sort of. We only had five minutes of class left and he's distracting me from my train of thought! Maybe he can play with that yellow truck stashed under my bed. Oh, no. Pft. Who? Will was young, I understood that, but I don't think I can excuse those evil cackles of his, as I bolted down the stairs and outside, looking like a mad person trying to catch my flying panties. he said, probably trying to lighten the mood. I tried clearing my throat. Josh raised an eyebrow and gently pried my hands away from his chest. He ruffled his hair before straightening. I said politely and whirled around. He was looking at me expectantly, his eyes darting from my face to the window. But then I realized that that wasn't a brilliant idea since their eyes darted from our faces to our connected hands. I am completely… fine. And I didn't have a sheet of paper within my reach to organize my thoughts. I faltered when he gave him a raised eyebrow. I told him I would rearrange his face if he kept looking down at me. he addressed my thoughts. He was mischievous, but slick. So I made Josh play with me. I rummaged my bag for a bus ticket. I questioned, trying not to feel like I wanted to spit. I should've followed my gut instinct. Brilliant. Stupid Taylor and her stupid moaning abilities. I tried not to let my annoyance show and I smiled lightly, looking in her direction. I said cheerily. I stuck my tongue out at him and focused on the rain splattering against my window. So I don't understand why she's always sticking her nose up at me. I gave him a knowing look. Will looked over and began giggling under his breath. But I did shoot him my darkest glare. I can't live with him, but I can't live without him. In fact, he rummaged through his backpack and grabbed a neat pile of construction paper. I narrowed my eyes. But I meant business, I swear I did! Bad influence. I only cleaned whenever I was stressed or frustrated. If I were his age I would wonder the same thing. Josh stifled a snicker. I muttered under my breath. The heat which flared my face was automatic as well. He was looking at me through his rear-view mirror. God. I was the angel being dragged down by him and his evil cackles. I said listlessly with a sigh. I needed to get out of here as quickly as possible. I waved him away,  As I watched him slam the door closed and make it over to where I was standing in a puddle. In fact, that little traitor threw an arm around Josh and began to pump his fist into the air in happiness. Right. We've gone through this scenario so many times that I could mouth what he was going to say. I threw a pointed look in Will's sulking/scowling demeanor. I've grown used to his 5000 extra pounds of fat lying on my shoulder. But still. Oh, wonderful. In fact, he was grinning down at my brother. But even though, I still couldn't help it as my jaw fell and I stared in complete disbelief at the mountains of junk food lying in my cart. And I wanted to set a good example for Will. I looked down at the wad of money, and noted that there had to be at least two-hundred. Or sometimes I even left it in his car. Josh was idly talking about - well, something about school - and Will was contributing to the conversation every now and then. And why was I so crap? He loved opening the door. He was so… proud. He always used to do this when we were kids; every time I said something stupid, he would take my face into his hand and correct me slowly… like I was stupid or something. Not to mention his girlfriend. Josh shrugged. Without turning around, I knew Josh picked Will up and walked towards his room to help him change. Oh, and Josh happened to be at my house… again. What the crap? I narrowed my eyes. I coughed awkwardly and slowly retracted my fingers from his shirt. I asked evenly. I just raised an eyebrow. We may act like we couldn't stand each other… but I think he was the closest friend I'll ever have. He was staring at me with a small frown on his face. he said bluntly. We'd ride to and from school, but other than that, he barely said a word. I didn't bother dragging him up the stairs with me. He didn't even like me. It was the indifferent kind of caring. Despite myself, I took it and popped a tablet into my mouth. Josh calmly lifted his gaze and smiled a slow smile. Honestly. We had a few classes and we'd talk, but it wasn't anything strong enough for him to seek me after school. Ivan was - well - he was hot. Well, to an extent. He was too good looking. But then I suddenly had the urge to attack Josh. I asked… probably stupidly, because Josh muttered something under his breath, and Ivan sort of smiled, like what I said was cute. I did control. I asked blankly. He was suddenly grinning widely at me. He looked completely serious… and thoughtful. Me. So I fainted. As in… physical contact. I asked blankly, but as soon as the words left my mouth, I remembered. Clearly he thought otherwise. That would only make me cry harder. What the hell. I exhaled sharply. I'm destroying our friendship. Will was running towards me, his shirt buttoned wrong, and I couldn't help but laugh. I didn't do frazzled and unorganized. Now I felt like I was dying. I never saw him alone, because all the other times, his curtains would be pulled over. I smiled down at him, and he nodded, puffing. During spare, maybe? They were like brothers. So I turned around and began walking to school. Dad was supposed to love Mum forever. He was took focused on his book, and the chatter allowed me to answer my cell phone. She was going to sit in Mum's spot. So I figured I'd do the same thing. I sat up, straight, and began to cross everything off my list. I needed to get to the library, but get back in time to pick Will up. When I looked at him, he straightened, pulling that disgusting stick from his mouth. I bit out. I felt the pressure behind my eyes at the betrayal of… of everything. He scarred me. I said fiercely. I trailed off, and then sighed. I knew it was his form of apology. I didn't have to leave early or wake earlier than I could. I felt my heart thumping in my chest and I had to exhale heavily before speaking. He held my hair back when I was vomiting because I cried too much. We learned the ABC's together. I didn't dare look in his eyes. I stared blankly at his face. I gawped after him. Ian had the Smith &amp; Wesson in his backpack, and it had been in there for three weeks. He slung his duffel bag over his shoulder, and walked down the hallway like he owned the world—like he had since he was twelve and had joined the junior-high football, basketball, and baseball teams. Namely, the fact that he was forced to spend it staring at the chalkboard while trying to ignore Toby Sylar, who sat behind him and enjoyed doing things to his back, or kicking his chair, or various other forms of meaningless cruelty meant solely to make Ian miserable. He forced himself to envision it, to hold it in his mind's eye, mouthing the name of gun silently to himself, mouthing the name of the Magnum bullets over and over—anything to tune the jocks out, and to take his mind off of the throbbing pain in his stomach. I had a guy in my lap. What was wrong with this guy? Strangers definitely were not allowed to touch my crotch under any circumstances. I growled. Shopping centers were great. He gasped and his green eyes went wide once he saw me. I growled, trying to pry him off of me. I mean, even puppies and the littlest, tiniest of babies don't have this kind of magnetism. Horns and bangs don't mix either; Fable taught me that. I couldn't help but scream when he turned the car like the maniac he was. I caught my breath and held my heart from jumping out of my chest. The basement was where I slept and, more importantly, where we kept the TV and game consoles. Before I could warn him, my roommates' dirty underwear fell through the laundry chute and onto his head. After all, what bunch of college guys doesn't have a separate fridge devoted entirely to drinks in their house? He brightened. Then the opening screen popped up before I could say anything else to him, and I set him up before launching into cooperative mode. It doesn't take much to fall asleep at 5:30 am, especially if you got up at something like 7:30 the morning before. Dammit. Reid immediately threw himself at the door while I stood back, contemplating my doom. Maybe it was more appropriate to say my Joelinity was in serious jeopardy. I snapped. This morning sucked. My only coherent thought was God help me. Another slam into the door with a right turn. I said eventually. Chapter 2 should be out soon. I hate him! We're staying at Grandma's. After all that's happened. They never make it real. It wasn't that hard. . This is only on this account until my other works in three days. . He was just a normal guy. but does crushes last for several years? and that's about it. . . or when you're thinking too hard". sooo long ago! . No part of this story may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form without permission of the author. . . . . He liked using his hands when he talked, making vague, unnecessary gestures, as though this somehow helped emphasize a point. . There was no denying he was a brilliant man, but that was mostly because he was a brilliant manipulator – which made him one of the most successful and sought after corporate lawyers in town. She kept a careful eye on her father as she skirted around the parquet dance floor, where people gyrated with varying degrees of success, and toward the other side of the large ballroom. But the groom's family had business ties that attracted her father like a shark to blood. But much to her amazement and chagrin, he had agreed without hesitation. As soon as she put it on, Sera had felt like Grace Kelly. . He was a little shorter than she normally liked, but he was at least easy on the eyes. . They smiled lovingly at each other, laughing as they fed each other, as they shared long, intense kisses. saccharine. In fact, Sera was willing to bet his station in the woman's life didn't rank much higher than her favorite handbag or shoes. how exotic he looked with that dusky skin and the strip of glossy black hair confined to a thick ponytail. A bedroom voice to go with those bedroom eyes. She paused and, when he didn't say anything, kept talking. Something that might have been a smile flickered over his lips. Because not only was he being unnecessarily rude, she had the distinct impression he was making fun of her. She glared into his suddenly blank expression. She kept thinking she should stay – because leaving seemed to be exactly what he wanted – but she had the feeling if she did, she'd make a scene. But the night still held an icy reminder that winter hadn't ended too long ago. . From what she'd seen, he wasn't even important, so where did he get off treating her as though she was a waste of his time? Certainly not a part of this crowd. She watched as the bartender settled next to her. He adjusted his black tie, smoothed the front of his white pleated shirt. right? They don't just come in the shape of women anymore. But his friends made her laugh and Brant insisted on buying her drinks. But his lips were fumbling over hers and his hands were spreading her legs, fingers searching for the one place he just knew would make all his dreams come true. . except, maybe, her underwear. Did her best impression of a contortionist as she tried to zip the back, holding in her curses and eventually giving up. offended, which always confused Sera. maybe even a little angry. She kind of had to pee, but she didn't dare take the time. If there was anything she hated more than her sleeping partners waking up in the middle of her leaving, it was roommates who caught her in the act. In her bare feet, he would have been taller; with her heels on, he was just a bit shorter. She looked up, an angry scowl already beginning to pull her eyebrows together, a scathing snarl already forming on her lips. His skin, a deep tawny color that spoke of either much time outdoors or non-European ancestry – or both – stretched over high cheekbones. Struck speechless by a pretty face like she'd never seen it before? ? something else, which he wisely kept buried behind the tightness of his lips. . She'd already had a hint of what lay beneath that slightly dampened shirt – her hands still tingled with the sensation of hard muscle – so she wasn't going to risk giving into the temptation to run her hands over his chest. And, as the car pulled away from the curb, Sera was sure she caught the beginnings of a smile gracing his lips. It was known. The stories often talked about how black dragons could curse. Female dragons were by no means weaker – sometimes they were even more savage than the males but more often than not they had calmer dispositions, more adapt with strategy than that of male dragons. These were thoughts of treason. His back was still straight though, his dark eyes – so similar to her own – were sincere. He just laughed and shoved her lightly back. It was never really written in stone, but as far as Artemis knew it was considered taboo for a dragon to take a mate without first earning a title. He could have whatever he wanted. He was far too violent and if the black dragon's death had proved anything more, it was that he was also too impulsive. If only the dark dragon had wounded his ego, she found herself thinking, instead of just his body. It was sad how much she had cried when he left. The shoulder blade beneath her palm was pointy, with little mass left. It hadn't pleased her late father. Trying to be discrete, she counted backwards with the fingers laid against Lane's tunic. 'Three whole years since I've see him. or worse. They turned finally away from the drooping, black dragon head and began their departure from the dining hall. She could only imagine Razorit's fit if he heard himself compared to the most hated of all dragonkind. Perhaps it's just because I'm so used to writing in third-person at this point. I didn't think so. Actually, I don't have any rich relatives since my entire family is just average income, which makes me wonder even more how I got into some fancy boarding school. From what I've been told, the solution they came up with was to run a test trial of sorts, and let one girl in for a year to see how it went. Any guesses who that girl might be? It was me. And after several forced interviews with people from Westlane, they agreed, which is why I'm in my old, beat up, pick-up truck driving to California, and humming along to the radio. But maybe that's just me. I honestly don't think they could've been happier after they had worked out all the details with the school and the whole thing was for sure. In compensation though, they made me promise to call them every single day and let them know what's going on. After about a minute, I decided and quickly picked up my cell phone and pressed speed dial number six. We ended up playing together for the rest of the day, and when we found out that we had a mutual hate of Barbie dolls and love of the Power Rangers, we vowed to be best friends forever. We practically lived together, so wherever one was the other was sure to be close by. The only sport he played was swimming, which gave him a lean yet muscular appearance. I'm just your regular small town girl from Iowa. I exclaimed. Don't know why, don't know when, but it stuck. What they didn't know couldn't hurt them, right? I swear they must be blind. Pulling out the right one, I took it out of its case and plopped it in the CD player. That meant I'd be there in less than three hours, and then, well, we'd just have to see how things went from there, wouldn't we? 174 miles to go. And every single one of them watched me as I drove past. It also might have had something to do with the fact that I was the only girl in sight. Which is probably explained why I continued singing as loud as I could. Now, this may have something to do with the extremely low self esteem that everyone close to me claims I have, but I really honestly did not think I was pretty enough to be getting all this when none of these people even knew me. After a few minutes of this, I became completely peeved with this little old lady. It was kind of like I needed to show them that I'm no regular girl that they can easily push around or something, you know? Although it was undoubtedly a nice office, it wasn't quite what you'd expect the Headmaster's office to be like at a prestigious boarding school. This was Headmaster Gavet. When am I ever going to have some privacy and time away from boys now? No matter what, any time I have to give a speech or something, I can guarantee you I will start blushing as red as my hair, my legs will start to tremble, and I start to talk extremely quietly and at a rate of about a mile a minute. Much to my delight, the secretary was the only life form in the lobby when I got there. In other words, the boy was hot. "You ready? And on top of that, her younger sister thought she was completely insane. They argued a lot, yes, but only about 'those' creatures. She hadn't noticed before how tired Alice looked, or how troubled her eyes seemed. Alice walked over to the timecard machine to clock in for her four hour shift as Liz walked to the old, white refrigerator in the far right corner of the room. She rolled her eyes when she realized it was the young man in the farthest booth. Liz wasn't afraid to admit it, he was cute – but that was the end of his good qualities. Alex merely rolled his eyes. She almost smiled at the thought that whatever he had planned would have to be put off for another night. Lunch was always so boring, no matter who was back there with her. Alex shrugged and put the fry in his own mouth. But, of course, he was another person Alex had trouble getting along with. His hair was a little shaggy, dark brown bangs reaching his eyes. His shoulders seemed far too tense to be considered normal and he was breathing rather quickly. Liz leaned back in her chair, starting to feel a little awkward. She still had one fucking hour. As if in a hurry, she grabbed her purse before turning back to Alice and saying a quick thank you, she then walked to the courtesy desk to hand her drawer in. They moved silently out of the store, turning right towards the employee parking. His expression remained completely blank: his lips set in a firm scowl, his eyebrows drawn together as though he was agitated, and his arms were crossed over his chest. There was just something wrong with that man. She gave in rather quickly. He stepped forward, placed his right hand on Alex's left shoulder, and effortlessly pushed him to the side. There were tiny taps coming from the corner of the office where the secretary typed away on the computer; to him, the room smelt like a hospital, opposed to the acclaimed relaxed clinic that it was. With the way she was staring, she could probably see right at his soul. He's been getting a lot of strange feelings ever since the accident. Taken aback, he watched her cross her legs over her knee. He tried to make it light, but the nagging feeling at the back of his mind was growing pronounced. Suddenly, her lips tilted into a slight grin. She was too beautiful to hurt. she asked. Frustrated, he knew, and agonized, because he would never be able to know the absolute truth. He saw her swallow lightly before sending him a slight smile. It was suddenly difficult to think. He smiled crookedly. She stood up and crossed to where he was sitting. He nudged her jokingly, watching in completely fascination the way a light shade of pink lighted her cheeks. His grin was crooked, his eyes crinkled in amusement. Alex knew what he thought of her. It was because of him that he was now seeing a therapist. He traced the rim of his cup. But now…. Alex straightened from his sprawled position on the chair he claimed to be his, and watched Dr Kennedy rush into the room. A small frown quirked his eyebrows at the sight. Not for him, of course, but for Tom… because he was paying for this. She grinned sheepishly and took her seat. Dr Kennedy's smile was sweet. Alex shook his head and leaned forward, his elbows supporting him on his thighs. He, almost reluctantly in awe, noted the way her green shirt brought the colour out of her eyes brilliantly. Instead, he shook his head. she asked skeptically. He shrugged at her concerned glance. He smiled a crooked smile. She told him she loved him, and she knew he loved her… what was stopping them? Alex zeroed the movement and couldn't help but feel warmth spread through his chest. He could almost feel her small hand in his, and he unconsciously clenched his hand. She waited patiently, and he inwardly concluded that he had no choice but to tell her, because he knew that he wasn't going to write this down. he thought wryly. That he felt happier than he's ever been in that one moment than he ever has felt in the presence of his fiancée? If he stayed on the topic of his incident too long, especially the unanswered questions, he started to feel a little tense. His chest was tight with the unrelenting desire to just know, to stop wondering. There was a sort of consoling, sweet smile on her face that made him stop and stare. He shook his head roughly. He ignored the ache and blood on his knuckles. He stared up at the clear, blue sky. It wasn't his, it didn't belong to his mind. Christabel. To him? He felt stupid. Why wouldn't they have a family? She looked back at him expectantly. He didn't sound rude, only curious; because after all, he wasn't her last appointment. She pointedly looked at his injured hand, before finally, her eyes met his. Inhaling sharply, he tapped the opened door lightly. He couldn't even listen to her messages for fuck's sake. The irony. And he was pretty sure that you shouldn't go into marriage if you aren't one-hundred percent sure about your decision. He rubbed the back of his neck, hating that he was lying. she assured cheerily. He expected her to giggle, but she just nodded with that same smile. She never wrote anything down. He almost snorted at his thought. She smiled a warm smile. Her eyebrows were narrowed ever-so-slightly and watching her, he felt his hands rise on their own accord, almost like - like he wanted to… pull her to him. Her lips tilted slightly. As if he didn't know that. If anything, it had to do with the girl he was once in love with. She was fine; great, even. He thought it was cute. It almost made him feel… jealous. Why did he feel so fucking wretched whenever he was here? she hesitated,  she demanded, a smile threatening to pull at her lips. He felt his chest tighten, and the notepad he carried everywhere he went - it felt heavy in his pocket. What's the harm in that? Just science. He'd rather spend all the time he could with her. He knew the feeling; university almost destroyed him. More so than he has in the past few weeks. he said with a smile, rubbing is biceps jokingly. he explained,  Was it wrong to feel the need to destroy this hypothetical boyfriend? Christabel has always been insecure, and he did his best to assure her. She was like a hawk. she said wryly. He… couldn't stop staring. he offered lamely. He should've thought of what to say before blurting anything out. He really didn't like seeing her like this. she joked. His voice was hard. Her body betrayed her, but she reacted fast enough that if someone who wasn't paying attention would've missed it completely. Shit, this was something else. It was picture perfect. He figured it had something to do with her job, but - damn it. Soon, they were sitting in the cart, slowly watching the ground grow farther and farther away. She was tense, holding onto the side of the cart. He really did want to hold her hand. She really was. He closed his eyes to relish in the moment. He also saw the dying hope. She would evade the question stealthily. She wasn't going to tell him. He felt… content, almost. He sighed, rubbing his head. The feelings were sharper. He smiled crookedly. A sort of quiet wistfulness. Yeah, she was definitely in for a surprise. He rolled his eyes. She reached for his hand. She followed suit. He tried to stay calm. A smile began to tug at his face. Dr Kennedy closed the door behind her and walked to her usual seat. He frowned. she repeated furiously. Her voice caught. God, that didn't look right on her. she replied softly. he said, his words now soft. What he wanted to know was why. There was also venom in her voice. Alex expected himself to be completely pissed off at her. Her voice was vicious. he finally said. He felt the headache coming on and he leaned his head against the palm of his hands. His voice was thick. He needed to know. The question was, why did Alex let it drag for this long? He was so fucking sick of not knowing. After one long moment with Alex gazing at him with a hard expression, he followed suit. He knew what he wanted to ask, but he didn't. What a question. Tom quirked an eyebrow at him. He didn't ask. he smiled crooked. If this woman loved him, why wasn't she with him? His next words knocked the wind out of him. He didn't know what to think. If she loved him, why did she let that happen? She was the only thing going right in his life right now. What about her, was she okay? She smiled a crooked smile. But all he could come up with was… red hair. The memory was his, and he remembered red hair. He didn't know what kind of psychos walked the streets. He opened his mouth to ask casually, but something else came out. He asked Tom, yes, but he wanted to know more. his voice was quiet. She smiled lopsidedly. Her voice was full of raw emotion, and when she looked at him, she smiled. She huffed but the smile on her face made him shake his head amusedly. Did she have a family for crap's sake? He smelt her scent, and everything seemed so familiar it was almost killing him inside. They reacted too well with each other. He almost didn't hear her voice. He knew he did. she said, already make her way back to the coffee shop. She stopped moving as well. The words were choking his throat. He could see it clearly. Perfect fit. She giggled with him. He slipped an arm around her waist, pulling her close. Reason is powerless in the expression of love. Love is longing for the half of ourselves we have lost. (: Ending is disgustingly cliché and sweet, but I think they deserve it. :The Bride Hunt:. . . . Devlin, turning 21 in June the next year, would someday inherit the family estate and thus be even more of a filthy rich young man. Not only was he tall with a great body, (how on earth he got such from lounging in his yacht, no one knew), but he was also endowed with jet-set black hair, (softer than normal male hair, as many a girlfriend of his would testify), and the most gorgeous set of pewter grey eyes. . Thoughts fluttered across his egotistical mind nowadays, inducing actual concern also for his future role of head of Madison Heights; the luxurious and extensive estate, known far and wide in New York as the epitome of dignified richness. She was totally ready to find out what exactly many other bachelorettes around the state had found out about the gorgeous hulk of hunk. , he said lightly, unable to suppress his trademark smirk that was already appearing on his face. interesting. Well, to Drew McNamara anyway. This had been her routine ever since she was forced to drop out of school and give up any chance of a decent future. A year after that, his wife had followed suit with a drug overdose. Fortunately, her taste for perfection and overall ambitiously strong character helped her land a waitressing job at the most exclusive hotel in New York City. This was a totally effective arrangement; and though the young girl had offered to do it for free, Drew insisted on paying by the hour. Her weary eyes reflected a soft, jade green. ! So soon? Ouch! Hahaha! We will play"! . o More so for the first few chapters. How immature. Wait, two? Stop whining. ) I don't care, I love it! Yep, that's their plan. Analyse that, Freud. Whatever. Hahaha. I'm quite afraid, and quite tempted to get out of bed to run away. I would be perfectly content. I am not willing to test it out. How my mind got from chocolate to falafel I will never know. If I say trying to convince my eight-year-old brother Aidy that yes, it is a very bad idea to try and climb into the lion pit at the zoo was easier, does that explain how hard it was to get my mind back on track? And Yoda does not approve. My breathing sound like Darth-Vader now. Hmm. . *YAY! Thanks! In any other town, seeing this many people out walking the streets this late at night might be a sign of a high crime rate, or a modern day Sodom and Gomorrah. George would be more worried if no one was about. George didn't think so. And hot. And this town needed them. After watching loser after loser come and go, George figured it was time that they intervened. His jeans looked as if they hadn't been washed in the last decade and he was wearing the most horrid looking plaid shirt that George had ever seen subjected to mankind. Understatement of the year. His build was lanky, and he seemed to have horrible posture, what with the way he was slouched over and peering through the window, limbs all akimbo. Ben had already had enough bad luck with boyfriends without them adding to it. Besides, any self respecting werewolf would have been drooling in front of the butcher, not in front of the bakery. He'd have protested that, but the gag in his mouth made talking a somewhat difficult affair. That would have made some kind of sense. Seeing leather bondage gear on a seventy year old man that was currently tying him up was more than a little worrisome. And entirely too much make-up for a seventy year old man. Besides that, Leather Man was looking impatient and grabbed Dress Man's hand, pulling him back across the yard to the house across the way. There'd even been some nice croissants in the bakery window, too, that would have taken the edge of off getting kidnapped by two insane elderly people and tied to a complete stranger's house. Of course, that would have been expected. The car circled to a stop in front of the porch and Jacob watched as a man got out, a cooler in one hand and keys in the other. He jerked though, as the pretty's hands went to the back of his head, presumably to undo the knot on the gag. he managed without sneezing again before he held out a hand which the pretty reluctantly shook. Ben grumbled without any heat, grabbing the dog's collar and pulling her back long enough for Jacob to gather some of his scattered wits and stand up. Well, aside from those that were actually werewolves, that was. Which was much easier to play if he hid by running from obscure place to obscure place. Ben just looked so put out and frustrated. Ben sighed as he opened the door farther and gestured Jacob in begrudgingly. Offering him a drink? People didn't like coming over because of it and they certainly didn't stay for that very reason. It was getting to be just as expensive as gas even. Course, Zahn had enlightened him to a lot of his bad habits. He was a few dozen shades tanner than Ben, but then again since Ben never saw the light of day, that wasn't all that strange. Dammit, why had he never invested in doughnuts? Ever. And all right, maybe Jacob's sudden appearance at his house didn't exactly qualify as coming over for a visit, but it was a matter of good manners. Because those things would only end in disaster, and he knew that from experience. Zahn had always barked at him to speak the fuck up and quit cowering stupidly. His clothes were dirty, and he had a scraggly beard that looked in good need of a shave. It wasn't quite so attractive on a full grown male vampire. Thankfully, Jacob didn't make a big deal of his clumsiness and let the incident slide as Ben righted himself and sat down. Why couldn't they just golf like any of the other normal senior citizens? He just didn't need to be constantly reminded that he was alone and too unattractive to find his own dates. Good thing the chamber of commerce hadn't had him draw up the tourism brochures. Had he gotten blood on his scrubs? Quickly, he emptied the contents of the cooler into the fridge and then sat back down in a chair opposite the one Jacob had been sitting in. he heard himself offer before his brain could stop his mouth from responding. Really, Ben had the worst taste in men, and damn Tim and George for finding someone to continue the trend. His last ex, David, would look hopefully pathetic like that over something until Ben inevitably caved, and then he'd clean out Ben's bank account. He'd be Jacob's friend, but he wasn't going to hold out hope for anything else, let alone true love. He'd even given Jacob a pay advance with the explicit instructions for Jacob to use it to find an apartment and, as Russell had put it, 'get the hell out of that sweet vampire's house'. Nothing was going to be accomplished unless he got up the courage to put down roots somewhere and give it a try. It was about time he proved to them and to himself that he was more than that, and that he could be more than that without their interfering and trying to fix things up for him. Short of buying the haunted mansion on the corner of main street—which he had absolutely no intention of doing as it looked like there was still a ghost living in it—there was no place available for him to rent within walking distance of his new job. And then, George booked it back across the yard to his house leaving Jacob to marvel at how fast he could haul ass in three inch heels. Of course, from the way Ben grinned back, maybe it wasn't so bad. He pushed her down with his free hand, before turning to follow Ben back into the house. Maybe. Especially in front of a cute sort-of stranger. Hell, he'd been a master at making himself at home in anyone's house, which was probably why it had been so easy for him to sleep with half the town while he'd been with Ben. Could he expect them turning up on his doorstep long after Jacob had left for greener pastures? If anything, learning Jacob's age only showed how deluded Ben had allowed himself to be. Tim and George had assured him that the problem had belonged with Zahn, and not with him, but it was hard to believe. Work had been a bitch and he was ready to relax a little. And if he was paying, then Ben wouldn't have to worry about him freeloading and then robbing him blind like David had. He hated the feeling of helplessness that came with not having enough to make ends meet. Spot would come in when she got sick of chasing the imaginary squirrel. There were reading glasses perched on his nose, and Jacob wanted to take a picture and frame it. George had pinched his ass next, drawing that conversation to a quick end, but he could see their point. Jacob suspected he knew the source too, having heard more than a few little slipped remarks about the exes. Was it bad that if given five minutes, he wouldn't have minded ripping the exes' heads off their shoulders with his bare hands? Well, that had been the whole point, but it was best not to let on too much that he harassed Ben because he was over the moon for him. Quite possibly the best thing that had ever happened to him in his entire life. He hadn't told Ben that, and maybe one of these days, he'd come clean, but right now it was just a nice excuse to get close enough to smell Ben's unique clean vampire scent. Jacob half wanted to ask him if the moon phases affected vampires too, as next week was the full. He had one more day off before he had to go back on Monday, and Jacob would have thought that he'd have spent them being happy not to have to drive in and deal with work, but if anything, Ben had just gotten more and more cranky. Or, really, paler than normal. Sighing, he put his mouth to the bag, his fangs growing automatically and puncturing the plastic. Trashing the bag, he turned only to find Jacob leaning against the door frame to the kitchen, a secretive smile on his face. Then there was the tiny matter of his fangs. Both of which Ben had unwittingly managed to provide in spades. There couldn't possibly be anything about him that might even remotely appeal to Jacob. Not to mention slightly deformed. It was stupid to hold out hope that Jacob might find him attractive—someday in the distant future—if only he kept all his flaws hidden. That didn't mean that they were meant to be or that Jacob would be the one to see all him in all his disgustingness and still like what he saw? And he'd brought this on himself, he really had. he growled, lisping as said teeth got in the way. He stroked and then pricked his thumb on the tip, drawing blood. Ben didn't know what kind of rose colored glasses the kid had to look at the world, but it was time to take them off. he muttered miserably, trying to shove Jacob back. Still, he was so very hungry. An engraved invitation? But then Jacob's wet thumbs brushed over his chest, and Ben started drinking. Jacob was in his bed. The blood had gone straight to his head. Hell, he was as white as a ghost, and yet Jacob hadn't seemed to even care. Grabbing his jeans from last night, he hurriedly got into them and then quietly slipped out of the room, shutting the door behind him. It was frigidly cold out, and he was certain he smelled snow on the wind. Jacob's neck was the first that he'd sucked on since he'd been a little kid feeding off his mother. He had a small pistol in one hand and a pissed expression plastered on his face as he glared at a sleepy Jacob. If it weren't for the fact that they were all out on the porch in broad moonlight, Jacob's father was watching, and Ben could see George ogling Jacob's chest from the corner of his eye. And yet, he'd barely done anything for Jacob and he was happy? What a load of crap. He brushed past a miffed Arnold and stepped through his door. Instead his insane father was on the front porch in a tux, standing next to the insane neighbors. That George eeped slightly and Tim took him by the arm and escorted him back across the yard only gave him a small sense of satisfaction. There would be no interruptions. On the bed, under the comforter, was Ben curled in a ball. He stood briefly, watching Ben's face crumple slightly before it closed off, and then he pounced. Since this is an adult-oriented story, the American apple pie institution known as parental discretion will not be able to cleanse any sense of innuendo or sarcasm from the words that might actually make you think. And if it offends you, just don't read it. If you are offended by this, I suggest you stop being such a fucking hippie, and if that doesn't work, press the BACK button. . But then that cold metal pressing up against my forehead would remind me. They're all locked away, in doctors' offices and nurses' stations, as if a view of the outside world is a privilege, something not meant for the likes of me. We can't have the insanity leaking out into the open, now can we? Although perhaps it has something to do with my first visit to him. He earned my hatred with that one sentence alone, although I did not let him know that. He hates me, and I love it. A run in her flesh-colored nylons reveals a flash of one pale, flabby calf. Arrival or departure of a nurse or patient, or arrival from or departure for the cafeteria -- or, more rarely, the gym. It requires a key to open it, just like every other goddamn door in the building. I try to slide the window open, but it's locked from the inside. she says, and flicks her hand in the general direction of the room as she inserts another key into the door of the nurse's station and goes inside. and only new admits need their blood pressure taken. If she woke me up in the morning, her wrinkled old ass of a face might finish the job I started and kill me. Half the patients sitting around the table are nearly sleeping, bored to tears with Angie's yakking, and the other half are in a drug-induced state that may as well be sleep. But sometimes I wonder if the noises that come from that great gaping hole in her face pass through her brain before they leave her head. And of course, we're all much too unstable to be trusted not to make complete jackasses of ourselves, and much too stupid to know that we'd be caught and sedated before we ever got the chance to do anything worth doing with our splintered wood or our chair-as-weapon. One cannot be an alcoholic or a drug addict in a place like this, unless of course the drugs you're addicted to are doctor-prescribed, in which case you damned well better take them, lest you be strapped to a bed and injected with them. Thanks, but no thanks. She doesn't seem to notice that I'm lost within my own thoughts, and not listening to her. I follow her gaze to the doorway. His short, dark, uncombed hair is flat on one side and flaring upward on the other. The look of apprehension in his eyes tells me it's his first time being in a place like this. if this isn't a situation worth taking advantage of, I don't know what is. I really want to know what you all think of Nate and of the story so far. there's a few added on scenes, but I mainly did it to fix the little things that just pissed me off whenever I laid a fresh set of eyes on it. That would make it the shits for anybody who stumbles up on the story during the process and confusing as hell for me because I'm disorganized. This is true and believe me; it's happened. just not in his spooky ass Edward makeup) and we'll have beautiful children and live happily in the Promised Land with all my friends. If you haven't read it before then go ahead but if you read the old cruddy version then read below. I hope I got the typos haha…. That one was sort of strange. His ancestors had claimed it almost two hundred years before, and there had been Bellewoods on the land ever since. No one 'official', not even the FBI, knew that they were going into the seventh generation of crime. Bellewoods were fast, silent, and very unforgiving. To the best of Jerry's knowledge none of them had met up with Bellewoods--not during his lifetime, anyway. He looked up as Jerry came in. Ron was forty-four, Jerry was twenty-five. She began to scramble eggs and slice bread from a homemade loaf for toast. He hesitated, as if hoping Ron would say something. Soon he'd have his own woman, the kind he wanted. But here it is and let me know what ya'll think. Thank you  for bringing this to my attention. I was the only one in the house employed, and I worked two dead end jobs to pull us afloat, but it still wasn't enough to pay the house bills as well as mom's hospital bills and medicine. I needed at least three grands to pull us afloat and I had no way to getting them. I wouldn't abandon my family in these conditions. It was his birthday after all. Tonight I would take on a new job. In the night it belonged to the streetwalkers. I didn't need four years, three grands was more than enough. Fancy, wearing no scratches, the type of vehicle that people from the right side of the tracks drove. I prayed he would not pick me. The woman I was staring at then laughed and pointed to her hair. Why would anybody hire a one anyways? All the while I stole glances at him. Adrian McIntyre. After high school he had left for an Ivy League university as expected but rumors began circulating that after a year he dropped from school and joined the military. At least he did not recognize me. I had to. I stared up at him like a rabbit caught in a wolf's snare. That was all. I sat on the desk with my legs crossed and waited for him. His blue eyes seemed cold as he searched my face, yet I saw no recognition in his gaze. Our eyes locked and I reached for his belt and trousers, desperate to be over with this farce. He stared into my eyes, his face so different from what I remember. He probably did not know what it was like to spend days without eating a real mean, or to have to mend your socks because you couldn't afford a new pair. I too wanted release. A part of me felt overwhelmed at the size on his body compared to mine but a more primal instinct within me cherished the difference. In the end he lost his harsh mask and I lost all fear. I do not know how long we lay there in each other's arms; all I know is that it was nice to be held for once. It pulled me against the wall of his chest. It wasn't long until I closed eyes and sleep claimed me too. Here's a quick preview of the story! The shackles quietly clinked together once more as he unconsciously shifted his arms, uncertain of what to expect. His hand came up without thinking, hoping to force away his thoughts as he took the boy's chin somewhat roughly and turned his head aside to study him, seemingly looking for any trace of deformity or scar… anything that could make him step down the line that much easier. Scott demanded, his voice rising faintly above those speaking to silencing them with his authority. Why had he been asked for his name? He expected many things, but not that they'd make him prisoner for his genes. I'm an amateur. Water. The others can't be far behind. Except Tesla would be missing his balls, not an ear. He would've done it—it wasn't just threat. Even Tesla, and God, he'd learned that lesson well. Run! You need that water. Pocketing that, taking the knife that had fallen from dead fingers—not as good as his, but worth a trade, maybe—and then stripping Saul's shirt and stuffing it inside the band of his belt. Yeah, it was a corpse now, no pulse—and more—a fecal stench rose as Tesla lifted the body. He stomped his heel down on an undercut ledge and sent more down with that. This drama would be decided one way or the other before dawn, and by god, it would be in his favor. It was enough to call the place home for the day. Something to bring home. He'd seen nothing. Meager pickings, but he'd thought he'd have more than the morning to stock up—hadn't thought he'd be running quite so soon, in quite such a terror. Damn. Plan. Out for half a day in the sun, then half the night, and the moron hadn't drunk hardly any of his water. Saving it for when they needed it. He tore a piece off one strip, and chewed at it while working the tie on his pack, then slipped the rest next to a couple other strips already in there. Irreplaceable, all of it. Now it was empty, and he kept it safe and tucked away. So he kept it next to him, always, to remind him that he had a cord that bound him to this world, that told him he did have a birthright to the land—a tie to it that was as strong as anyone's. Unfortunate, losing the fluid, especially, but there wasn't much to be done for it now. Far too close. He thought he'd gotten knocked around enough to strip the last of the romantic ideas from his skin. Tesla hadn't been but a few days at the village when he'd felt them following him, the yearning in them palpable, no malice in them at all. But all rent comes due, and the women began to flirt and crowd and the elders began to watch closely, ready to decide who'd receive his seed, narrowing eyes at a young man who showed little interest… If Tesla hadn't been so addle-witted he'd have seen how precarious the situation had already become. A father thrice over, with a woman pregnant besides, so he was safe, they were protected for a little while, and Tesla lost all sense in the promise that was Saul with the broad shoulders, easy smile and warm eyes, only a faint tell-tale flush of pockmarks across his forehead. Rough calluses over his skin, grasping his waist, fingers climbing the knobs of his spine. He'd believed in Saul's immunity, maybe. I'll protect you. He should have been more careful. The moon had been high, the village quiet, and Tesla sleeping when Saul had crept to the village perimeter and into Tesla's shelter. Opening to Saul, letting him in, some pain yes, but fair payment for a climax made so much more powerful for the silence they kept. And had he said he loved Tesla…? But he'd agreed so quickly, and then Saul had been gone. Until lunch. One of the men looking in the devil's grip, rage etched on his face, Saul's face…Saul's father. But Tesla had barely broken stride, the adrenaline already carrying him, and he'd twisted, grabbed the man by the ears, and heard the crack of a nose against his knee. Tesla exhaled in a deep sigh, and ran his fingers through the hair at his neck, pressing down, trying to relax the coils of tension that still held him. Tesla had waited, letting Saul catch up, arming himself, yes, but it was foolish nevertheless. 'You came to me, Saul. I'm going to kill you and cut you, and my trophy will prove that I'm not one of you. God. He began to walk, following the ridge for a while as it ran generally west, limping a little on bare feet bruised and scratched from the heedless run. And following its path would be his best chance for finding the next village. Perfect. God. I am your teacher. This must be the oldest copy of the book we have. From high school? You look great, by the way". Anyway, this kid. Never noticed that habit before. Brett laughed again. Sorry. Where's this café"? Bye". Ish. Fucking shit. I chuckled faintly. I hope y'all liked it. i don't think there'll be any a/n's after this one, unless its important. ! All different. Bruises. she moaned, her lids heavy as they flickered shut. She shuddered as images flooded her mind. Her face. Dressed in darkness. Wings. Fangs. So much blood. Speaking— Turning, I fled. A black-winged Angel. She thrashed. It would all be fine. She knew they were behind there. . Never have, probably never will. Why, I never! It's the best I can come up with. business"? I inwardly groan. I can think of her, you know. . I demand, hands on my hips. That's all it is. 'Cause you never get any. Un salop". But I'm not un salop, Seba. Back to that. On the couch. Braelyn. So I lean back against pillows and wall. He's almost begging with his eyes. Not always a nice fact, but you got to accept it. So whenever you're done studying me. I'll see you out". You know that, right"? See ya, Sian". Obviously. Just exactly the right amount: nothing too bulgy or poppy. Symmetry - that was a useful term she'd picked up in geometry class. Great. . They both knew very well that getting A's on exams wasn't her norm. There was even talk about having Meg skip seventh grade, going straight from sixth to eighth. well, Nicky. More sophisticated, more intelligent. Nicola Blake-Darlington. She thought Grant might even be Scottish, so it worked. Nicolina Blake. Around them would be the sweet smell of coffee, pastries, and romance. She could literally count on one hand how many times it'd rained in the seven-odd months she'd been here. And finally, for real, she'd made some new friends. She'd need to show it to Grant. It gave her the appearance of a pixie, and her tiny body frame only accentuated that impression. She might have been at RVHS for only a few months, but already, she had a storied history with that evil witch. And unfortunately for her, Bri Latimer just happened to be the star of the team. They all had Health together the next period, a subject required for all sophomores. Or maybe Chelsey was a lesbian, so all of his good points were lost on her. She even had a pair of big boobs that guys always gawked over - which probably had turned her toward secret lesbianism. Then she handed the picture to her friend as a present. She'd practically floated into math class, so confident was she that Grant had tutored her to solve anything that Mrs. Levin threw at her. All was right with the world again. Grant was just about the second tallest senior in the entire school. Adrian and Alex were now a couple, and Bri was relegated to the social dregs of humiliation. So for his sake, they grudgingly put up with her, and she hadn't really suffered at all. . As it was, he held a geometry test in his hand, which was of utterly no use to him, since he'd taken Honors Geometry two years ago. Sometimes Grant wondered what she saw in him, since he was neither colorful nor extravagant. But that was okay with him. . Too hard, for his taste. Bri murmured, her voice so low that only Grant could hear her. For that exact reason, he had a punching bag at home. He folded Nicky's exam in half, then paused. He was now in the process of gluing the condoms on. But then again, that was Nicky. At least colds vanished after a few days. No one matched Quentin's sheer entertainment value, and if Grant was honest with himself, he didn't mind being caught up in Quentin's crazy stunts, as long as he wasn't the central focus. Normally, he didn't care when his friends heckled him about his lack of a love life, but then again, if Bri hadn't taken that dig at Nicky, he'd probably have felt relaxed enough to shoot the breeze with the guys. Just about the perfect weather for joggers, really. Alex was the premier athlete in the entire school and Grant usually let him keep that honor. Out here, there was no need for words. In and out. There had always been an unspoken competition between them, a back-and-forth tug of war that Grant mostly didn't bother with, but just the same, both knew it was there. And back in the day, Alex and Quentin had been among the bullies. He just jerked his head at the track. But Justin had been and still was the real thing. No, Grant didn't want to be any one of them. Sometimes a chapter will be all Nicky or Grant. Then again, maybe Reed Vance was just who Andrea needed…One. Her pride was more important than anything, it seemed… As she knelt down to retrieve her bra, she felt a gaze burning holes into her back. She pulled the jacket that had been catapulted in her direction tighter around her… She hadn't found her shirt before storming out. Not that she would ever give that pompous jerk the satisfaction of knowing that… However, between his ripped upper body, bright blue eyes, and ruffled brown hair, Andrea couldn't help but congratulate herself on at least picking a good looking guy while inebriated. She frowned as she tore the leather jacket away and tossed it aside. Reed had done well in one aspect in that he had confirmed her suspicions about rich rock stars… they were egotistical and not worth her time of day. Doug stopped her. "Park! Green eyes met gray ones. "Mr. Webb. And Doug told me". So don't judge me. And I have had a hard life. Thank you for the shirt. She shook her head. "G'night, Jade Rose. Please review! She didn't enjoy shopping; she didn't giggle or gossip about boys; and she wouldn't be caught dead wearing make-up. She didn't look to have tanned a day in her life; her skin was so pale, she almost looked like she was on her deathbed. Her most notorious features were her aging leather jacket and a pair of combat boots she seemed to be fond of. Any mainstream genres or bands were mocked relentlessly. The person the teacher just told me I had to do science fair with. . A bolt of lightning ripped through the sky and cut a jagged line through the centre; blood pooled out, trickling down the bark and sank into its roots and then, when the ground had drank to its fill, it congealed and set over the bottom of the trunk in a pool of red. I hated it when I did that. But nervousness swelled in my gut and I felt queasy; I didn't want to leave the car, so I shrank back into my seat. I was the only one left and they were watching me expectantly. A boarding school. I frowned. I recognised her as the one who had conducted our tour earlier on in the year. When it came to my mother, I was never quite sure. She didn't have the position for that. The direction was that of the Headmaster's office; I recognised the way. I couldn't wait to go up to my room and be given all of my stuff. A few ornaments lay upon the chimney piece, which was formed from layers of pristine, white marble. There was an authority to him that instantly set me on edge. His gaze fell to me. At the back of my mind, it irritated me that he hadn't said anything. Personally, I wasn't all too fond of pale pictures but this one was pretty. She was pretty but not overly so; her eyes were green, the colour barely visible beneath the shadows. It was a strange choice of media. I noticed she was slightly chubby, though not what I'd class as fat. Everyone watched me and heat crept up the back of my neck. I was sure it was a girl. He turned to me. His hair was dark, though it was lighter than mine, and he was bent over his work. I supplied. They were almost feral. Or maybe I was just reading into it too much? He cocked his head to the side. I shrugged, my attention refocusing on her. We reached my room; my things had been brought up. A large window stood at the far end, draped in thick, red velvet curtains, just as I had requested. My eyes fell to the ceiling, that queasy feeling still pitted at the bottom of my stomach. I had a feeling I'd come off as dismissive; not a wise thing to do when I was so new. Snippets of their conversation reached my ears. They obviously thought that no-one was about. I looked about for escape. Her hair was blonde, her face heart shaped and lightly tanned. It was the truth. There was nothing friendly about her inquiry. I wasn't sure when Alice would come back and it would probably be curfew by the time she did. He was fat, about three times my width and twice my height. I couldn't let my voice fail me. I felt calmer. It renewed my dwindling faith in the human race. I reached her table and she looked up as I joined them. She was intensely pretty and I immediately felt a bit nervous around her. She smiled prettily. I had to make friends, good friends. It was always gritty at the start and slowly, if I tried hard enough, it would become more natural. She pretended to back away. They made an interesting combination. I didn't know Jenny well enough yet and I felt as if it were too early for me to be crossing the boundaries ––it would be as if I were throwing myself at them and I might have appeared too clingy. The view was beautiful. But let's move along. Katie. I heard him say softly. I hope you like it as much as I do. Yes, we were definitely strong. I stared at it blankly before realizing I was thirsty. I ground out before coughing again. I just needed to get rid of Thierry. In fact, my sister Cali had refused to sign my cast because she's a Thierry fan and felt I was treating him like crap. I told Thierry. I said, handed it gingerly to Natalia, who passed it back to Thierry. I probed. I murmured sullenly, grabbing hold of my crutches. ) Unfortunately, it's 3:50am right now and I don't want to call and wake him up just to force him to write a note - so I'll probably get him to do one for the next thing I post. Feel free to make suggestions! . Definitely. If you would still like to read it then by all means go ahead but, remember, you have been warned. Beep! , that was next to the mattress on the floor. Boy would that suck. So after all of that our grandmother raised the both of us the best she could with out our grandfather and to be honest I thought she did a pretty damn good job. Now normally that would be great, but he refused to tell me who it was; I of course demanded that he tell me but he said I would find out soon enough. Especially someone you care a great deal about. Now don't get me wrong, Erin is just as great to me as Lily is but there was always something different about me and Lily's friendship that I could never quite place, but I knew I could never lose either, and that is one of the main reasons we are still friends today. Oh god Nick! He practically has a new girl every week, he just plays with girls hearts and when he's had enough of them, he drops 'em like a ton of bricks. After like a week he found some blonde bimbo and dropped Anna like he does to every girl he has. So, I confronted him. I smiled at him and walked over. He said while looking me over. He got into the drivers seat and started up the car; while I looked out the window smiling, it felt so great to be home. He laughed and walked over a little behind me. It was just how I remembered it. He looked in the direction of me and my brother and once I caught a glimpse of his dark blue eyes I instantly knew who it was; Nick. Too early! He didn't though. The mornings were always awkward between them. Most of the time he had no idea whether he was coming or going with his boss. The old oak beams were cracked and splintered, the whole area was sprinkled with multicoloured glass and the old ceramic tiled floor was cracked. He'd been pushing his luck by trying to arrange it in under a year in the first place. Perfect. Not one of them could help. She always made sure she was nice, gave him coffee, and she'd paid for him when Olive insisted they have a planning session in a restaurant that charged more for a bottle of wine than he paid for a month's rent. Martin had made it very clear he'd rather chew off his own foot than eat anything that Felix had cooked again. Just one single word. Every morning was a juggling act for him. Two newspapers. 1% fat content. No one else in the office would work for the old trout so Martin had dumped the account on him, telling him not to screw up. He slumped in his chair, looking towards the glass walled office Martin had in the corner. He swallowed when Scott glared at him. He had a sneaking suspicion that his bad luck was going to stick for at least another day. He liked his job and office hours were usually the only time he got to be in the same room as Martin without the two of them having half a bottle of whisky inside them. He wasn't sure how long he'd been standing there but he jumped when the phone rang. we attack. . . . . . . How's that for trust? . . . . . . . . but that quickly changed. . . . Um, I hope you guys (re)liked this chapter! . For something so against droppings, Polly sure had a potty mouth. Turns out he was a flirtatious little thing, more libido-driven than half the football team, and it became a sort of ritual for him to use a pick-up line when I would come home from school. But looking back on it, I think it was a good thing that he said that, or else I would be rolling instead of walking. This was not good. I had a small feeling that this wasn't going to end well if I didn't step in soon. I smiled hopefully. In retrospect, moving around made the cleaning more difficult, but how could I think about drying the carpet when a bird was trying to eat Gloria? It didn't matter though, because the sight of my roommate scared Polly enough so that she pulled away from my hair, mouthed the words  to Gloria, and then fluttered back into my room to escape. Normally, I would have left them alone, except he was staring at me like I had grown a third head, and I knew why. It was always awkward for me in this kind of situation. Crap, I was cornered! Her auburn hair shimmied around her shoulders as she looked up with green doe eyes and squeezed his arm against her chest lightly. I flicked his bowl a couple of times, but he didn't open his eyes; he really was tired. EDIT: 12/12/07. Brandon McArthur was perfect. I'd seen him a handful of times and that had only made things worse. That was the only thing that could possibly redeem them for the humiliation they had put us through. He wrote to us once a month at least, and seemed to be thriving. And so, Simon, Janice and their four children came to live with us too. Because of the uneven numbering, all us girls had an 'older brother' complex, as five of the six boys were elder than us and were highly over-protective. Bob, Drake and Cassie's younger brother, was the youngest of us at fifteen. I was waiting at the coffee shop where I worked as often as I could, mostly in an attempt to get away from the house and meet some cute guys without my brothers breathing down my neck. It didn't work too often. I jumped and looked up. He had a cute, white smile and the most beautiful honey eyes I'd ever seen. I stupidly said, pointing to the nametag. When I didn't speak, he grinned and leaned forward. Basically, I'd done everything but my job. I had to admit though, that Lettie was a damn sight better my real name and when Brandon said it, it didn't sound half bad at all. After clocking out and grabbing my bag, I headed out into the main area again, bidding good-bye to Dannie. I took it and gave it a limp, uninteresting shake. He was so gorgeous and a gentleman. And he'd just whistled. Was there nothing he balked from doing? I didn't believe the lying, pregnant woman, but it flattered me nonetheless. It seemed like some cruel joke. He stopped. Brandon looked taken aback. And he strode out. He kept his curly hair short and was pretty intimidating that way, which didn't bode well for my love life. His hair was about shoulder length, always pulled back into a ponytail, and he had a spike through the top of his earlobe. They said through full mouths. The next evening, I stood in my room, rapidly throwing clothes every which way, trying to search for that elusive 'perfect' date outfit. She could make even make the simple act of eating an apple look seductive. Cassie could be the biggest bitch on the planet when she wanted to. When Cassie let out a shriek that only dogs could hear, I froze, realising what I'd done. Exactly identical even in personalities, most people couldn't tell them apart. However, Drake was nice, goofy, sometimes aloof guy, who took being the eldest most seriously. I deserved at least a few blissful hours before he realised what a freak-show I was. But when he was glaring and cracking his knuckles, most guys wanted to run in the opposite direction. I defensively asked, feeling rather self-conscious. I rather thought it had something to do with that charming dimple of his and the way he winked at anything in a skirt. I sighed and relented. I was finally satisfied. Later, I couldn't fathom how I ran so fast wearing boots with heels. His hair was ruffled and his eyes held a mixture of panic and surprise. I hopefully asked. I asked, looking at the bike. He demanded. I kept quiet, choosing not to mention that I was terrified of scary movies ever since Drake and Lex had made me watch The Exorcist when I was five. We were pretty early so we claimed seats close to the back, but in the middle of the row and sat down with our junk food. If the date went well, perhaps I could get Brandon to take me. I turned to look at him in confusion and found him smirking slightly at me. So I turned forward and let out an almighty shriek before clenching my eyes tightly shut. There were several sickening sounds as the creature slaughtered the first character to cross the screen. It worked well for the next five minutes before Brandon leaned over to whisper to me. He murmured in my ear. The movie was fine for two seconds before another brutal killing happened and I closed my eyes again. He asked me with a smile. Gritting my teeth at the thought of Brandon McArthur thinking of me as a frightened little girl, I opened my eyes and forced myself to stare at the screen. Before the interval, everything got way too scary for me, so I turned my head and buried it in Brandon's shoulder, refusing to see the rest of it. It took me about fifteen minutes to realise that he wasn't watching the movie either. But even if I had been able to speak, there wasn't much I could have said because my brain had turned to mush. Kissing him would be something else altogether. I heard a hiss from behind us. Brandon demanded from them. But I recognised the voices, so I shook my head and took his hand, giving it a powerful squeeze. Brandon demanded. I made a mental note to kill my brothers later. The ambience was nice and cosy, with bright lights, scrubbed tables and constant chatter always serving as background music. I turned my head, flipped my hair and grinned at him. He advised. I could only shake my head. He grinned. He waggled his eyebrows and I burst out laughing. He murmured. Brandon straightened. But it still hurt and it must have shown on my face. He shook his head. I muttered on my way past. I looked up at him. After the way he had handled my demented brothers, I would do anything for him. He sounded like he already knew the answer. He smirked down at me. Addy suddenly burst. When it suited him, he threw a tantrum about his real name but when he wanted to be intimidating, we weren't allowed to call him 'Drake'. It would be easier to take his rejection if he wasn't touching me. I sighed. I snapped. They took the hint and beat a hasty retreat, faces down. His tone was one I had heard a million times better. He took a deep breath. At first, he stumbled backwards but quickly held me in place, parting my lips and deepening the kiss. I murmured. Anyway, tell me what you think! right? It changed the moment we went back inside, our clothes rumpled, our faces flushed, and she was waiting for us. I tried to be stronger. -01. I'm sorry. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author. Now I'm starting to wonder about the Easter Bunny and Santa Claus…anything is possible. While I worried, I hoped one of my assignments today would involve a coffee run for my boss, so I had an excuse to grab another one for myself; an hour after lunch, I could feel my eyelids drooping as I went through stacks of financial documents. I twirled the phone cord in my fingers and waited for the surely exorbitant figure he was going to spout at me. I hadn't wondered long. It was not my last. If I'd been expecting to meet a vampire that day, I would have been highly disappointed. I nodded and he smiled. At the time, I hadn't noticed anything beyond how incredibly sexy my surprise date was. As he drove me back to my car at the coffee shop, the only thoughts I had about him were pleasant, and as he kissed me good night, maybe a couple naughty ones too. Yeah…I'd gagged a little at that too. Uh-huh, sure. I'd have believed that more, if he hadn't been biking and I'd been driving. His tongue was caressing mine and mine caressed his right back, and then it happened. I raised my eyebrows suggestively, but he was having none of it. I'd even stuffed my toothbrush, a tank top, flip-flops and a pair of easily scrunchable yoga pants, in my overly large purse (darn near a satchel), just in case our date turned into an impromptu overnight visit. My tone shifted to definite irritation. The brain will always go for the rational explanation first. He chuckled at my rapt attention to his mouth. I smacked him on the shoulder. I was still spinning with the absurdity of everything my, up until this point, seemingly normal, boyfriend was telling me. His tone was even more amused now. He hadn't seemed crazy before this point - maybe I should give him the benefit of the doubt. He seemed to contemplate that for a second, and then continued while I soaked up his story like a sponge. I guess his lack of interest had more to do with his hidden secret, than anything else. I looked back up at his face, at the strong, stubbly jaw, the relaxed full lips, and the perfect pale eyes staring back at me. I guess I survived it, and while mind-blowingly good, it was pretty standard stuff, so if he does sip a little o-positive, he can at least control it. I wanted to know everything about him, the good and the bad. Finally, he shrugged and told me. Of course, I'd never heard of a vampire with a heartbeat before. His hand returned to my back and he smiled softly at me. I bit my lip again and asked a question that would probably embarrass us both, but it was one I really wanted an answer to. He laughed again and the hand on my back tightened to a hug. He seemed too…human. They glowed; a phosphorescent glow, like someone had painted the whites of his eyes in glow in the dark paint. I never wanted to look away. He grinned at me wryly. My mouth dropped open watching him. It did oddly wonderful things to my body, but I wasn't about to let him hurt me. He chuckled softly. And eventually his creepy, glowing orbs closed, and the room was blissfully and naturally dark. He made espressos. It was so commonplace, I was beginning to doubt the entire thing ever even happened. One way to make sure, I suppose. I tried a different approach. he said in a horrid Dracula impersonation and then immediately retracted his teeth and went back to his magazine. If his only…drawback…was a pair of sharp teeth and a penchant for hemoglobin, well, I'd take it. We walked through the green grass and under a few large trees and I watched the sunlight filter through the leaves to speckle my honey in shadow and light, a fitting metaphor if I'd ever seen one. He laughed and kissed his head. He smiled and stood, coming to my side and pulling me close to him. Abruptly he pulled back from me and I frowned as my comfort was ripped away. Although, it was nice to hear that they snacked on livestock. At the end of our day and a half date, he drove me home, walked me to my door, and kissed me goodbye like a perfect gentleman. He thought I was really pretty. 001. ? She quickly glanced at her feminine gold watch. As she looked at her friend, she racked her brain for anything resembling Tanya's reminder, and while she felt as though she should remember, she didn't. Tanya said firmly. So these tests were pretty important. Tanya would try to talk her into going out with her, and while it didn't work most of the time, Holly actually agreed at times. she added meekly. With that, Tanya disappeared down the hallway, still mumbling to herself. Holly could definitely do this. She shifted her bag to the other shoulder with a frown, and glanced at her friend. She always worked best under stressful situations. When Tanya had seen Holly's choice in outfit, she tried to persuade her friend to at least put on some make up, but Holly adamantly refused. So there was Holly, shifting her bag from one shoulder to the other every few moments, and Tanya, shifting her weight anxiously from one foot to another. Both Holly and Tanya held out their tickets as an employee came around and scanned the barcodes, verifying they were indeed authentic. . except for her. . . . they just didn't know when. They were all dead. gave you into my care, little one. what, her life? . . . and for good reason. . . but she would live to kill him first. but this one came to me first. . well, younger anyway. . . . . It sounds like 'Oh, a beast'. . . . Have a wonderful Monday, and thanks for your consideration! Please don't sue. At least the sea was constantly changing and she could watch the sunset every evening. There were too many things her brother accomplished to keep track of everything. When Ellen's jaw popped, Sadie pushed her brow up and glanced down at her lap, knowing she would get no form of reassurance right now. she finally told her daughter before turning and staring back straight ahead of her. When she couldn't see the black SUV anymore, she pursed her lips and turned around, staring up at her high school entrance. Sadie stopped in front of the doors, arching a brow as she looked at where she would be for the next nine hours of her life. So while University's academic challenges were growing, their athletics were waning a bit. It was a strategy she used whenever she was supposed to find a seat in a new class and there was no assigned seating. Did she need to get here this early? He was also ridiculously smart. It was annoying. 6:54am. She was actually pretty smart; not as smart as the only boy currently in detention, but smart enough to maintain a B average. Stereotypically, Paulina was also a cheerleader, though it should be noted that she was not the captain. While the two didn't necessarily speak much to each other, it was good to be acquainted with someone. 6:59am. For whatever reason, Sadie calmly held his gaze. A loud screech told everyone that he was sitting just behind her. I'm currently writing a big project story, and I needed a little lighthearted break. . When I ran, I wasn't super-freaky-smart Bryony, or Bryony-that-sarcastic-bitch, or Bryony-whose-brother's-name-is-carved-on-championship-baseball-trophy-in-the-school-lobby. Then I would stop, and everything would catch back up to me. My black mesh shorts and black tank top stuck to my sweaty skin, and my strawberry-blonde hair was matted to my forehead and neck. The white Camry was gone, so my father had gone to work, probably dropping my mother off at one of her clubs on the way. The above-ground pool splayed out against the lawn, sparkling blue waters beckoning sweaty teenage girls forth. I swear. It was merely my stomach, complaining about its lack of nutritious food for the past few days. I threw a robe over my tank top, not even bothering to put anything on over my underwear. After contemplating a few minutes, I grabbed out the bread and a couple lunch meats and cheeses, working at the granite island countertop in the middle of the kitchen, and went for the mayonnaise. Probably the day of my eleventh birthday party in May, when Matt had gathered the brilliant idea to hide my favorite Barbie at the top of the massive oak tree in our front lawn. His hair was thick, silky and black, the kind that begged fingers to run through it. As I got older, I began imagining scenarios between the two of us that would probably have made my brother turn twenty shades of red and bellow that I was never allowed to see Darren again. To my chagrin, Darren couldn't seem to see past the whole my-best-friend's-kid-sister-deal, and my unrequited crush remained, well, unrequited. I really needed to get over Darren, it was pretty pathetic now. Cargo shorts and boat shoes accompanied his getup, and he looked as if he'd just stepped off the pages of Hollister. To my chagrin, mine was the farthest away from Darren's, not that I'd ever have the guts to make a move. Except he pointed at the sink. he winked. He knew. I braced my hand in the middle of the table to level myself up. He stroked his thumb along my knuckles, eliciting little sparks on my skin that reverberated all the way to my heart. His grip on my hand had become tighter, and he had most certainly heard it. We did this until I felt the cool marble counter of the kitchen island biting into my back, even through the layers of clothes. He was so hard, and judging from what I could feel, he had nothing to complain about. I moaned each time his tongue flicked out here and there, leaving scorching marks. I didn't know where this demanding attitude of mine was coming from, but I also didn't know if this was ever going to happen again, and I planned on taking full advantage of the situation. he growled, and then pressed his mouth to mine. The robe was off in less than two seconds, discarded somewhere behind him, and the granite was a cold slap to my now-bare thighs and half-exposed bottom. My breath caught, and I clenched my teeth so I wouldn't moan. I sucked in a breath and arched into him, coming into contact with his erection, which felt even harder and seemingly bigger than it had been before. I'd seen his bare chest many times before, but all the other times, I wasn't half naked and he wasn't kissing me senseless. Liquid heat shot between my legs at the sight and feel of him, and I pressed my thighs together, but it only made the feeling intensify. I let out a whimper. The dominating pose had me panting, and I gritted my teeth. My panties were drenched now, and the friction of rubbing my legs together was unbearable. My fingers fluttered over his cock. My fingers couldn't touch. he whispered, and I complied, our hands moving together over his cock. I alternated between gently rubbing his tight balls with the pad of my thumb and stroking him hard, fast. I blushed. His eyes remained unnaturally clear and bright, and he clenched his teeth, walking funnily over to the kitchen sink to wet a paper towel. I hopped down from the counter and took a minute to regain my balance, my head still fuzzy and my legs like jelly. How could he think I would do that? I brought the garment up to my nose, inhaling the scents of a dive bar but more so him, and to my chagrin, I began to sob. Because I could learn how to protect myself so nothing like that could ever happen to me ever again. Leave me a review! Toronto was considered a good, safe city, but it still had its vices. It won't be as bad as you think. Believe me, it makes all the difference. We'd fall in love, get married and happily ride off in the sunset. I definitely never thought, Oh please, let Mummy and Daddy meet his parents and set us up! I just went out with my  which was actually just one friend, a male friend. Not to mention if he ever found out that I had dated… two words: bride burning. (My sincerest apologies go out all Canadian, eighty-nine year old virginal spinsters. Those three words were the most damning in the English language because as soon as those words came out, you know something bad is going to happen. Instead of caustically commenting on how doctors in India ended up being taxi-drivers here because of Canada's high, rigid standards, I remained mute, still trying to absorb this shocking news. Besides, if he was so great and handsome, why did he need an arranged marriage? He always did this right before he was about to say something I wasn't going to like. I had slept in until late this afternoon and had awoken to realize I was apparently getting married soon to a man I'd never met. How can a supposedly loving father turn his back on his only daughter and deliver this ultimatum? My mother was not arguing on my behalf because she agreed with my father. Simirin could understand where I was coming from. It doesn't exist to them, unless in gossip whereby it is permitted to talk about as long as you mention the woman involved is shameless. Without Simirin's support, I was doomed before I had even known what was going on. Couldn't they see my independence and freedom made me happy? Simirin, who knew me well, sometimes even better than I knew myself, raced after me. She tried to stop me one more time until I fixed her with a melting glare. He probably expected me to come with a dowry of three cows, a pig and a flock of sheep… all I had were goldfishes and only two. In laymen terms… it made them reckless. He growled as he viciously pounded the bags harder and faster, he was motivated by raw frustration. He entered the foyer and ignored all their silent greetings as he took the stairs two at a time till he got to the second floor. By the time he turned back she was gone. The woman intrigued him and he planned on finding her. He smiled as he picked his phone and dialed his right hand man. The story will be in first person of the girl. That's just kind of how you deal with a town like this. The only things you can buy here are Bibles and furniture and a limited selection of stale groceries, everything else you have to drive out to McKinley to get, especially weed. I live in one of the few cities in North America that has outlawed dildos. It's too dark to see where it lands. They spin and spray and splatter, and in the end you could be a MLB player and you'd throw them just the same as the three-year-old down the block. That's the way it is with him—he can say something totally genius but no one will listen because there's always something better to listen to or look at. Kinda like Jesse himself. Jesse tends to walk around with a chip on his shoulder from being moved from So-Cal to the middle-of-nowhere and I don't blame him—I have one too and I was born here. I don't want to sound gay or anything, but I'd fuck him. There's also a rumor flying around that his dad or granddad or something was a Nazi, and I believe it. I guess they're harder to see in California. Must be some sort of discrimination there, but it doesn't matter because this town is such a cult that even the feds are too afraid to get involved for a little thing like job discrimination. He doesn't even blink when I do it, just watches Frankie. One pair of pliers, a broken toe, and twenty minutes later, it managed to make its way into our possession. He started pushing me around and stuff so I pulled out that infamous tiny little spray-spray I had lifted from my mother's purse (I knew it was a weapon because I had seen my mother mace the Russian grocer with it after he told me that excessive facial hair is God's way of punishing adulterous women) and pointed it right at his eye. Some people just don't change. I can dishonor myself bad enough to commit seppuku, but at least I'll be able to say that. I wonder briefly if it's from North Korea. I don't actually know what  means, but it sounds cooler than ultimate so I'm using that instead. We watch it stupidly. We all sit in complete silence and Frankie takes this moment to shut up about the hospital and turn around. The half-case of Bud rushes through my bloodstream, making the car fly, and Jesus rattles around in the back. I think he's forgotten he's still clutching my arm. I look through the glass at Frankie as he approaches the hunk of metal that's still glowing from the friction of entering the Earth's atmosphere. The rest, I guess, broke off in the fall. We talked about that once, after watching Men In Black. It must be a hot one, because I don't think the Biggams ever let their wheat get dry (and then they wonder why their harvest is always moldy). But maybe not—it is Frankie, after all. Finally, he sighs. Maybe it's because I'm drunk, but I'm pretty sure I recall Jesse not being so Christian. Frankie and I pause, staring at each other, and then almost in unison we both turn glares on Jesse Jones who's just standing there like a tree. So I'll just have to fix the other part of it. I turn back to Jesus, grab a discarded Bud can, and place it into His hand. Little Jess doesn't say anything, so I figure he's satisfied and resume my earlier position behind the wheel. Or at least it sounds that way. They're all old, too—no young people, except for us, which seems weird because everyone always talks about how dangerous young people are, so you'd figure they'd get hurt more often. It opens up four seats and I dive in to claim three of them, but unfortunately some tall junkie dude with a brown mustache and hunter's cap grabs two of them, so I only manage to get two myself. That's his shoe of choice. But I won't go into that right now. Me and Frankie, we both used to be way, way into baseball—so much so that when just the game itself became boring, we began adding new twists and turns. Or knock them out. The only kind of internet we've got in Bethlehem is dial-up and satellite. Now I don't have baseball and he doesn't have internet. I look at my watch. Maybe Budweiser will be the new holy water. This one's to myself. Hank the sheriff and Hugh the other sheriff. But then I'd have to go and pick up matching ammo and it's really not that easy in real life. One guy's wearing a weird costume. Both Jesse and Frankie look at me like I'm an idiot. It's a dumb one, anyway. I yelp to get my friends' attention, and instantly, like before, we're in the cab of the truck with Frankie scampering to jump in the side. Itty-bitty Jesse probably only has to pay half a ticket when he rides on planes, since he's so small. I mean, compared to my friends, I don't consider myself one, but I think the city kid would know. It's about six o'clock in the morning when I walk into my house after dropping Jesse and Frankie back at their homes, and as soon as I walk in, I'm accosted by the strong, greasy vapor that can only mean my mom is cooking. Dad sometimes gives me the beer himself. Now, all the women on the block have a certain unofficial race to see who can greet the new neighbor first. Everyone she's attracted to is too young for her. They slammed the door in my face and Jesse was the one who opened it, apologized, and took the casserole from me. Whenever somebody new moves in, we rush out to change the population number. But then she stops and swings around. Do Catholics have on-call priest investigators? He's skinny, a sketchy sort of fellow, with nervous, twitchy eyes and bony fingers that are laced within one another and squeezing anxiously. Everything else is from my brain. Don't take it too seriously. Sorry, but I got sick of this thing just sitting on my computer. ! he shook his head, scowling at me. I snorted with a roll of my eyes. I drawled rolling my eyes at him. Like that. I ask. An excuse to dance modestly all night without having to deal with parents complaining about going out to a wild party at a club. A special night that gives seniors a chance to confess their feelings to a cherished one. I smiled at her sadly and reached over to give her a consoling hug. Thing is, they didn't seem to have anything in common, and the spark died as soon as it appeared. she exclaimed as if it was the answer to everything. Yet my completely pride disregarded the warning. Cam really wasn't kidding, I thought, my eyes brushing Cam's writing. And if it'll make Cam happy enough to leave me be, I'll do it. Damn his height. Eyebrow raised, I gave him a quick onceover. I never liked being late. Our seating arrangement for English was according to alphabetical order, meaning Kent was in front, to the very left, while I was behind him, diagonally to his right. I sighed, feeling the restless stir within me. I despaired when my eyes brushed over the clock – thirty more minutes. It always arose when he felt bored and restless – exactly how I'm feeling at the moment. I sighed, glancing at my watch. It's lunch time, and we're making our way to the cafeteria. He winked and turned back to whatever Mark was saying. I really should stop that habit; one day my eyes would fall out of my sockets. It was some sort of unspoken seating arrangement in our group. Shaking my head with a small smile on my face, I handed it over to Cam. He nudged Lewis and locked eyes with me. Mark was running off to the other side of the building (poor guy) to his Math class. I'm sure I haven't gotten any of his habits. I stated sardonically as I turned from my position in front of my locker. It's actually surprising that he hasn't said anything; there was this unreadable look on his face. I turned away in embarrassment, feeling the pounding of my heart against my chest. . I can't believe I stayed up staring at that wretched little piece of paper. His shoulder brushed against mine, and I felt the most conscious I've ever felt before around him. . I shrugged the thought off, my I'm-going-to-be-late instincts kicking in. Yes, including yesterday. No, that hardly counts as . I immediately scooted over because he was practically crushing half of my body. I can hardly breathe. Really weird. Do I not have the right to worry, just a bit? But they wouldn't stop. Which they most probably did. It's harmless. It makes me too conscious! You like his presence. Instantly, I knew my old man was in trouble. He was trapped and unhappy. Too late, my nose bumped into his hard chest, flattening it. I fought the urge to join him. I stared back. What had he done? There was a hint of smile on his thin lips. How on earth was I going to find two hundred grand, and what did my old man need it for? I glared at Wedge. I leaned close into my old man's ear. So I made a decision, and to hell with the consequences. It reminded me of an evil clown. He blew out the blue smoke slowly before speaking. Whatever Black Snake demands, she complies. It was his life and happiness they were talking about. All in all, any man would fall head over heels in love or lust with her, except that Ray was not interested in women. And at least, he wouldn't dread bedding her. His hand trembled slightly as he brought the photo closer to his face, salivating over the man who was obviously the girl's brother, given their similar features and all. Oh yeah. True to his nickname, his father looked like that of a slimy snake with that smile. The smirk never left the Black Snake's face. If it's bad, I won't go on. please. May be some violence. Anything, really. ' I yell, rage choking me. ' Syl yells. 'You're lying! ! So I'm going to start working on that from here on out. Okay, happy reading! The old house was exactly the same as she remembered it, although it had been almost five years since she'd been back. Something like broke or unemployed would have been more appropriate. Corinne hadn't even tried to make it out to Portland for her wedding. She nudged her brother and wriggled her eyebrows. She walked over to the window and pulled the blinds up, unlatching the glass and sliding it upwards so the afternoon breeze could sweep through the room. That was her all-too-perfect, all-too-gorgeous high school boyfriend's car. She would know that car anywhere. Corinne swore up and down that if Liam Callahan really did live across the street, in that same house he'd lived in since he was two, she would fall to her knees and praise Him until she lost her voice. How could she have forgotten? Liam had somehow faded away into the background. Obviously, things changed before they got to that point. He settled deeper into his spot on the couch and nodded appreciatively at her before he started flipping through the TV channels. She figured now would be as good a time as any to squeeze that one in there. She was in the middle of planning a recipe when Avery interrupted her thoughts. She couldn't stand him. She stopped and shook her head. She hadn't liked him since. He motioned to a line of storms on the radar and smiled that smile that could probably stop hearts. She couldn't believe how things were turning out. Instead of things picking up from where she'd left them, they'd totally left her behind. For the first time since she'd left for California five years ago, she felt like she was the one being left behind. Regardless of the fact that the majority of those relationships lasted only a few weeks or months, I always found myself envying them. Soon after, though, the invites to parties started up again. Relationships filled with ever-lasting love. Oddly enough, the strategy has been a complete success for this past semester. More cash = buying distractions. No, I just nodded and folded the schedule into my back pocket. I'm on the edge of my seat anticipating this new problem child that I'm supposed to shape up for school after his parents tossed him under a bus by neglecting his needs. I guess you could say I'm not too keen about reading people's thoughts. Did I mention it was summer? Hair's combed, smile is present, teeth are clean. Mr. Randall is not someone who loses control of a conversation. I bet he's more than capable of picking up his grades on his own, he just blames it on his classmates and teachers because of a poor relationship with his parents. Not my problem. That kid was going to lead to some serious psychological problems for me. No matter how rare. They're fixated on the spot where that shadow appeared. I quickly swallow my pride. The pessimist in me regretted the fact that I failed to help Eli before I even had the chance, but the optimist in me knew that anything, even this little encounter with Eli, was a great distraction for the loneliness I kept buried deep within my subconscious. There were tears there as well. I needed another distraction. Hope you guys enjoy! She didn't understand why half the males at Ocean High were worshipped as gods, nor could she grasp the concept that almost all the girls in school wanted one as their boyfriends. In her eyes, Creston Spencer was an overly arrogant vulture who had a heart that was black like coal. It had been this type of conduct which triggered the male species to be envious; leaving Essa to feel apathetic. She never understood how she and Chris became best friends, but she knew that had they not been neighbours, the two of them would never have spoken. If it hadn't been for him, Essa knew she'd be close to nothing. he announced and they were both at a stand-still. She had barely taken a step when a smooth, masculine voice intercepted her. But she appeared to be trapped against Chris and the wall. ! So when class had finally reached an end, Essa had made a run for the door, intent on getting as far away as possible from the devil's spawn. It was a relief to finally be around normal people who she felt comfortable around. Sophia was good at music, Trisha was great with photography and Essa was fantastic with drawing and painting. After that occasion, the three had been inseparable. She was pretty and a true feminist. Instead Essa was frowning at the two of them who were suddenly chatting amongst themselves in an excited manner. She was sitting with her back towards him; her body leaning over the table. Smirking to himself, he took the seat across from Essa – one of the only females who didn't really pay him any attention. The 'Ale' part stood for her full name. The females really loved his shaved beach blonde hair and his sky coloured orbs. Hiding behind her fringe, she returned their stares with a challenging look. The amusement showed in his eyes. Unable to leave without finishing what she had started, Essa leaned over the table so that she was almost face to face with Chris. At least she got a laugh out of it. She was merely trying to show them what she saw whenever they flirted with guys. Happy Thanksgiving, all! I am like the understudy to a secretary…and I even suck at that job. And Mr. Stevens (the boss of my boss) always has a flirty word or two for me. And I really want to lose it, but I've waited this long, so there is no way that I'm settling for less than love now. It hardly makes for a pleasant Saturday to spend the day with family members who find funeral planning and burning themselves with grilling gone wrong to be the highlight of the year. Or, so my family will lead you to believe. I made one of my dreams come true, so good for me. But I can call myself a New Yorker, so that really makes it all worth it. Good question, one that I would really like answered myself. She is a secretary, just like me, and yet, by the way she acts, you'd think that she was a senior partner of the firm. And if that happens then I will lose my glorious apartment, and then who will look after all the roaches and rats? I arrived here before her…who is the better employee now? Which reminds me, though, how is it that Roberta is married, and I am not? At least she had the common decency not to reproduce. This is not something she could have done, oh I don't know, at a normal hour? Yes, God has finally rewarded me for everything else that is wrong in my life. I suppose I should at least be thankful that I don't work in the office of one of those lawyers. I can barely make in at nine…I'll be sacked for sure. To start out in the twenties…well, it's impressive, to be sure. It will weigh on my conscience for all time—my mother will be ashamed of me, er, more so than usual that is. Unfortunately, since I said that sentiment aloud, Roberta and the pit-bull lawyer are regarding me as if I am completely insane. It's Thanksgiving, after all. (I can't promise it's perfect, and if you catch any mistakes, please feel free to let me know! But she won't. As Lizzie looks deeper into possible suspects and motives, she realizes this is more than just a babysitting job but something that, if not resolved, can affect the entire vampire race. But alas, she was having no such luck. It was her job, after all; it paid the bills. She would handle the rest. In fact, her mother took that secret to the grave with her. And she sacrificed the majority of her social life in order to research and study. Members of each species worked side by side with the goal that one day, society would deem that they were all equal and that the NDS was no longer necessary. No one would understand what she had experienced and she didn't want to go through it again. Lizzie was continuously grateful she never had to worry about Rachel because she was rarely, if ever, in the field and therefore, it was highly doubtful she would ever be harmed in any way. she greeted in her no-nonsense tone she usually used while on the clock. Luckily, the two went way back, and as long as she wasn't addressing him this way in public or in front of other agents, he usually let her get away with it. She bit her bottom lip, trying to suppress the urge to reach through the phone and strangle him until he gave her what she wanted to know. It would seem that he, too, had to work on his patience, except it only seemed challenged whenever he was around or was speaking to Lizzie. she'd started, but stopped. Don't get sunburned. All of her senses seemed to be heightened to the point of it making her sick and she groaned, feeling the queasy sensations coarse throughout her body. She needed a damn Tylenol- something to stop her head from feeling as if it would roll off of her shoulders any minute. Anything branded I do not own and any lyrics throughout the story is either written by my wonderful cousin or by a band. It was how he got his nickname—his features; his actions, and above all, his addicting pride. He didn't care—he took things to the limit. At least, not entirely. I watched the paw fall, fall down into the ocean water to be lost forever. It was my lucky rabbit's foot. However, just because he was spoiled didn't mean his family life glowed. He shifted so he was facing me, propped up on a pile of pillows, lounging lazily with a catlike smile. He just wasn't very outgoing when it came to his personal things. I put it down. My blonde hair was in perfect health; it was my most admirable trait, at least, in my opinion. I had to admit, it was beautiful, but it was slightly boring. He held sort of a rare grace, one that wouldn't normally be found in a child his age. I shook my head, gasping softly. I knew, instantly, that I did not like this boy. There were two of them on either side of the pavement path; the boy came from behind the one on my left. I didn't like words like his. He also had a sprinkle of freckles along his nose; most adults would call him mousy cute. I shook my head. ". or someone coming down here. so dizzying. . . . God, sometimes I wonder where your mind is"! After what? . . . ? ". . pure black, caffeinated coffee. . kiss wasn't random? . . Yes. It was the thirteenth of October when I met my husband. My brown hair also seemed intent on being uncooperative, and thus I tamed it back into a simple ponytail. With a heavy sigh, I walked back towards my house, knowing that Tess would be less than enthusiastic about having to drive me. We hopped into Tess's old, smelly, orange truck and drove away from our house. I always imagined she looked a lot like a puppy. The part that really bothered me was being alone. If only. I walked for a while, content. Then, I took a very courageous step. A group of potheads were smoking in an alley, and I hurried past that. My instincts screamed to run, but rationale kept me from doing so. I wouldn't be surprised if some pervert in his apartment was glowering at me, but this felt so awkward I couldn't help but quicken my pace. There was NO WAY I had made that up. Even if I had wanted to scream, my throat constricted in such a way that made it impossible. I was breathing heavily, whimpering in fear. I forced myself to look at his face. He looked amused, if nothing else. I struggled, trying to kick him away, but he held me tighter, the amused look growing into a full-fledged grin. I frowned in confusion. I looked up pleadingly at him, finally finding my voice. He then proceeded to, in the manner of a common maniac, dramatically yet quietly give a tiny speech. His whisper cut deep into my confidence. Luckily, I was able to get a hold on my racing heart by calming my intense pulse, and once I did, I started running. . I'm sure that he changed his boxers once a week. ! She had been trying to write a particular scene for the past two hours, and everything she had typed into her computer so far seemed contrived, immature, and just plain horrible. The moment she thought that, however, she groaned as dread filled her. Upon her cousin's insistence, she had taken a sabbatical and turned to writing full-time. Yeah, like that happened every day. She would be professional when housewives praised her and told her she must have a very fulfilling romantic life. Her face burned as she thought about it, but she quickly ran through the same rationalization she always thought about when this particular topic came up. She was debt-free, had a beautiful house, a comfortable life, what more could she ask for? Or more specifically, sex scene block. She trembled in distress at the very notion. Shrugging out of her coat, she changed into pajamas, selected a romance from her extensive DVD collection, and snuggled into her couch. It begins with an A and it's a german name. He was never quite the same afterwards. I apparently had 'cooties. I went to sleep with a smile on my face. I told String, who was lounging on the bed beside me, my feelings, and in that silent way of his, he agreed. I made String pinky swear that he wouldn't love people so quickly, too. he always ends up snuggled next to Miss Daisy, my lady bear that I always had tea parties with. Sometimes we are even hired by people who have bought a house and want to fix it up. This is revolting, why did I volunteer to go up here? I placed both of my feet on a separate floorboard and allowed her smaller frame to pass mine. Not only would I hurt myself if this old wood gave out, but the people below as well. My eyes were closed tight and it seemed as if my ears were too. Everyone was murmuring around me and I heard the boss command everyone to step back. His dark hair was a mess and his even darker eyes glared up at me through thick, black lashes. Have fun reading. The guy he's with now is near retirement with grown children and is tired all the time. I grin and shake my piece of T-shirt fabric. Some of those guys are pretty fine. It wouldn't hurt to flirt even if he is straight. He waves down the street again. And this one is so very fine. Or whatever I am to this stranger. I put on my best smile. I wipe my hands on the dry cloth then hold out my hand. Or as the gold medal winner of the 400 and 1500 meter freestyles and the 100 and 200 meter backstrokes plus silver in the 200 meter butterfly and all three relays at the latest college meet? I meet Rick's eye. No one else asks to go in or out, but as soon as I step back to critique my work all the customers but the two most recent ask for their tabs. I hold up the bucket and towels. I thought he'd get over it but when I got back he flicked his finger against my gold medal and said that since I had that I didn't need him. Even if his face lights up with I come into view. Temptation will be removed and I won't be in any danger of giving in. They also had completely different facial structures and builds. The guy continued speaking to Ted as if he hadn't noticed. Reena and Elisa clambered onto the bus after school and were grateful to see the bus was not crowded, and that there were seats available. Finding him, she stalked over, leaving Elisa behind. she whispered. he said, referring to their conversation. Before she could blink, she found herself pressed to the pole, with Vincent's body against hers. Ted demanded, looking at his friend in concern. Her eyes lit up with her smile as she saw and headed towards them. Ted was also missing, and it began to drive Reena crazy. She could barely make out the characters 'Ree'. . . . Yes, Ree, you scare me. Literally. Each and every piece of paper said the same word. although she felt like a lot more to him. Vincent's tongue teased its way into her mouth, and they continued holding each other until they had to pull away for air. ! My purse fell to the ground and everything inside of it scattered all over the sidewalk. Most intriguing were his eyes, bright, steel-colored, and glittering with mischief. The guy sitting there was the one I had run into outside. I'd all ready been fired, what else could he do? Music:In A Cave - Tokyo Police ClubWithout Reason - The FraySOS - The Jonas BrothersMr Brightside - The KillersBaobabs - Regina SpektorENJOY! That was the day my mom lectured me on not talking to (or accepting candy from) strangers. Left behind once again. Unfortunately for me, during a little adventure in a crappy haunted house, Lance and Brooke confessed their undying love (in other words, hooked up) and left me behind to fend off college zombies and bedsheet ghosts by myself. (If you're wondering, they broke up about three weeks later. And so, I decided to embark through a few major European countries. I mean, I didn't go with anyone, so who could have possibly left me behind? Just guess. Trust me, whatever you're imaging, it's ten billion times worse. Whatever. 'How to deal with people at the airport'. ). (That was a personal observation. Deal. Really hungry. I didn't want to eat paper or fabric, thanks. I'm not merciless. Mother again. They'd use their super ninja cool skills and jump out of the way onto the ceiling or something. (Actually, I probably should've known that generally… but oh well. I knew indefinitely that staying on the (slippery, cold and wet) ground with his awkward position would make me seem very suspicious, so I decided to drag him back to my seat. ! I'd always had a thing for English accents (and English guys, English things in general, really) especially after I had seen that movie, Canterbury Falls, with Eric Williams the actor. ! That was a tad bit unnecessary. I fainted. It was the kind of thing you'd dream. My head kind of hurt, but I ignored the calling pain. Right now, I'm probably eating (or stealing) mountains of food from one of those random stores, but those clerk-y people are ignoring it and haven't had the will to live for hours. As I stuffed my mouth, Mr Williams watched me, scrutinizing me. It fell lamely to the floor and I read it upside down, out loud. xD)-chewyyy. (I can't promise it's perfect, and if you catch any mistakes, please feel free to let me know! Regardless, I hope you enjoy. Just because he has wings doesn't always mean he's an angel, after all. She was the Key. In fact, she'd be turning seventeen in a manner of minutes; at least, according to the pocket watch he borrowed from the Ferry. It would make his job much easier. It fit her. It was nice to be surprised again. Now all he had to do was wait for the pieces to fall into place. Or maybe the world really was trapped in the back of some giant alien's icebox. I shouted melodramatically while spinning around in gesture to the frostbitten suburban hell around us. After all, it hurts when no one will come to your house for dinner because they're terrified of your family. No, that would be asking far too much. They're so dull-minded that any spark of creativity is a sure sign that you must be a stoner. a human hand mind you. But no, Emily would be smarter than to bury the body in the front yard. On my front lawn of all places, my prayers had finally been answered! Oh sure, they're always present to tell about the time when I was a snot-nosed brat and I ate some glue, then came home crying because I thought my insides would get stuck together, but no, naked unconscious guy in the front yard and they've conveniently disappeared. I'm the sympathetic type, you know. Oh right, I should be tending to that unconscious body on my floor, huh? The temptation to reach out and trace them took temporary control over my right hand, but I smacked it away with my left and properly scolded it for its lustful ways. Will that stain our puppy made before he was house broken ever come out of the carpet? That is, the eyes that sought to devour me in the most painful way imaginable. Yes, those thinking skills of mine were taking their sweet time coming back to work. her hand flew to his forehead and she cringed. she joked, and I smacked a hand on my forehead. Something burning, electrical, almost painful in the most pleasurable way shot from my hand and through my arm. . . I wanted to keep him here as long as possible. I was neither intimidating nor particularly exciting, after all. How could someone his age, and so bodily damaged at that, retain some form of innocence? The only time he'd sounded even the slightest bit apprehensive was when he said he didn't want to be around a lot of people. You want him unclothed. Mr. Nameless would've looked rather funny with his broad shoulders squished into one of my mother's dresses. It was strange though, it looked as if he really wanted to smile, but his face simply couldn't remember how. I really did feel this was a change for the better. I could devour that neck, and not in a gory way. Next chapter, we'll learn more about our strange story-teller with the psychotic family, and Mr. Nameless will finally get a name. Lila Mae's mind was unlike most of the other girls she knew in that it was hardly, if at all, focused on marriage for its domestic aspecrs. All she was sure of was that the infamous four letter word was always present in her mind. Lying back in the grass so that she could look up at the blue sky above her, she (for probably the thousandth time in her life) imagined what that day would be like. The sun would shine all day long, not too hot but would also never be hidden by the clouds. But in all fairness, she couldn't pretend she hadn't had a little something to do with it. Lila Mae replied with a wry smile. Save for the occasional embarrassing insinuations about her and Harry, secrets were never in whispered in matron's or teenagers' ears about her and her life. After a brief sniff in the air both sisters looked at each other instinctively with eager smiles on their faces. The two of them didn't really have that much in common personally-wise (everyone knew Lila Mae took exactly after her father when it came to that) but she could and did still appreciate the fact that her mother was a remarkably strong woman who loved her family and friends unconditionally. She smiled, coming up behind her mother where she stood in front of the stove to wrap her arms around her neck in a warm hug. He was the most attentive, caring, and capable young man Lila Mae knew. Now they fooled around occasionally, but usually Lila Mae tended to keep clear from Tucker and the boys he hung around with…primarily because the main one he hung around with just happened to be Harry Peterson. Their eyes immediately met, but hers were the first to look away, a tense knot forming in her stomach at the expression in his. One. There was nobody obliging me to smile when I was getting a salary barely over minimum wage – and yet, here was this woman acting like she was the queen of France and I was a homeless crack head. I mean, seriously, Lucky Mart? I digress. a- you majorly fuck things up. . I can see it now, the jock and the jerk. Catchya! Read at your own risk! Bastards! But let's not jump the gun, right? Well, there was another name I could scratch off of my friends list. But honestly, going through four break-ups in the last, oh, three months tended to make one not give a shit. I smiled crookedly as another dream of smacking Matt's perfect face flashed before my eyes. Yeah, I'm impressed too! Forgive me if I seem like a wimp, but I fear for my eardrums. That day had officially been ruined in the worst possible way. But I was happy for my friend; I'm not that big of a bitch! I could take care of myself, but no one else seemed to agree with me. But Nat, being as close as we were, had unintentionally hurt my poor feelings. By eight, we had officially decided we were going to have a Family Guy marathon, and instantly Nat reached for her phone and invited her lover boy over. Jake arrived a few minutes later; bringing a few cans of beer (I instantly forgave Natalie for not asking me if she could invite him). Nat and I exchanged smiles and Jake, having to maintain his manly reputation, merely nodded his head and stepped out of the room. They really were a cute couple; even I had to admit that. Pulling the overstuffed comforter back, I slipped between the sheets, sighing in content. My brain didn't register the weight on my chest until I actually looked down, and even then I had to take a couple seconds to stare at it, confused at what the hell it was. There was a man in my bed, and I'll be damned if I had actually agreed to him being there! Consider yourselves warned! Tomorrow, he'd move to his new estate and there will be other women, as well as slaves suitable to kings. He saw them as tools to satisfy his unclenched hunger for sex. He spun her around and started kissing her nipples, sucking them into his mouth till she finally was wet enough, feeling his own manhood throbbing and twitching as well. She moaned, but did not fight. He could feel his slave already close to the edge, her walls tightening around him, squeezing and milking his shaft drawing loud moans from his lips. No one is forcing you to read it AT ALL. . Never let the love for reading die. The story is worth it. . Absolutely nothing: not a footstep, not a murmur. She intended to. ". . Now that was odd. . . Why don't you come with us? You want me to come with you? He hit his horn impatiently. He spent at least thirty minutes of his sleep calming his jackass of a best friend, telling him that he kept his word and he wouldn't bail on him, so could he leave him alone now—? But that was his personal opinion. Herbert handed Taylor Jenkins his coffee and they stood in contemplative silence. Everyone was always a thousand steps ahead. Leo vaguely wondered why he didn't call the number she gave him. He gestured to his side. Meetings were never his strong point. It was a rhetorical question. He slid a printed hardcopy towards the middle. He frowned thoughtfully. Arianna handed her the money and turned around, a strained smile appearing on her face as the customers in line glared at her for her interception. There was a pause. she said, finally able to speak in proper sentences. Hastily, she threw the cab driver enough money and ignored the protestation; she knew arguing would make no difference. Undeterred, she placed the remaining five grande sized cups to the side of her desk and searched for her schedule. Impressing these producers could give her a break; after all, if she wanted to be a line producer, she needed good connections with everyone. How could she be late when she was so early? so how does she impress while trying to maintain a low profile? She absentmindedly reminded herself where the refreshments were situated. His dark hair was still untamable as ever; his suit barely concealed his broad shoulders, and even his white propped collar couldn't hide the tattoo crawling up the side of his neck. Feeling prickles on her face, Arianna looked up and met the amused gazes of the producers sitting across from him, along with Vanessa's glower and Frank's questioning eyes. She might as well dangle her paycheck in everyone's faces. She exhaled quickly and accepted his hand, their quick grins were forced and strained. Has it really been six years? The same person who played him like a sorry fool. He left the thought unexamined and tried to regain his focus. He refused to be deterred by her presence. Speak of the devil. He knew that it was only a matter of time that the world to see what he always saw. Her eyes pierced his. Said girl instantly stiffened and shot up from her seat. . A cold, unfeeling, terrorizing bitch. Cow. Inhaling sharply, she grabbed a folder and a pad before walking briskly to the meeting room. He looked up and smiled a little mocking smile. Embarrassment? she said courteously. His posture was at complete ease as he crossed over and held his hand out. He found the couple huddled in the kitchen, and the blonde noticed him first with a smile from over his target's hunched shoulders. He lived three hours away. But that wasn't why he was a jerk—even though the action did prove his motives—but if not for the blonde beauty a few feet away from them, Zackary Deacon would still be out breaking hearts. Leo was the angel between the two of them. Next thing he knew, Zach was telling him he wanted to propose. They were best friends, but that didn't mean they always had to get along. But ever since he started with his goal to work in the film industry, his focus was solely on his work, not trying to find his latest conquest. Nothing could ever replace that. Zach's eyes were narrowed as he jerked his head to the side shortly. She scrambled to her feet whilst the heavy glass hit her butt. Probably Zach's best man, Arianna thought vaguely and her eyes brightened when Haley looked at her. This time, she couldn't blame the shock at his presence for the sudden pound of emotions. Not to mention Zach's parents; they were practically his parents. If Leo allowed himself to recall, he was forced to double date with Arianna during the first stages of Zach and Haley's relationship. Since Haley was with Arianna downstairs, Arianna would tag along. Shit. Ignoring the lightheadedness that came with the movement, she poured another glass, watching it slowly fill up. Unlike some people. Haley said. Her remark was meant to stretch the fact that their dislike was forever present. All except them. He knew what she was like. But they weren't, and he didn't know whether to admire her for it or completely hate her existence. Never—fucking—mind that he was just a boy who fell in love with a girl. Leo's presence at her best friend's event also may have something to do with it. Eventually. God, she felt like shit. She would've slapped herself if she didn't feel so exhausted. She felt Leo remove her socks and tuck her legs under the blanket. No. Arianna Reynolds sat in the passenger seat of his car as he drove them both back to New York. Bastard, Leo thought vaguely. Leo grunted as he made a turn. He almost forgot that he was bent on hating her. She inhaled sharply,  Her voice was quiet. He didn't bother thinking as to why he said that. Now they were in a confined space, and neither of them could run away. He couldn't stop the smirk tugging his lips. She finished awkwardly. This wasn't supposed to happen. Looking up, Arianna pasted a pleasant smile on her face. she said and stretched. She shot her a look to cue her in. Arianna held in a sigh, ignoring the fiery feeling in her veins at the sound of his voice. Sometimes it annoyed her. What did he want now? She could handle him for afar, but this proximity was unnerving. The fact that he was practically breathing fire was not reassuring to her existence this moment. Like hell she'd let him. She couldn't believe how adamant he was—he adamant he still was. It was all she could handle before the tears rushed to her eyes and all air left her lungs. God, even after all this time, she still had the urge to run her hand over his face and relieve him of his frustrations. All Arianna could do was gawp at his words. He wasn't, though, so it was okay for him to be drinking this much. There was a brief pause as Taylor opened his mouth eagerly. Leo tried to escape, but Joseph tightened his grip around his neck, rooting him into a fixed position. They were right. She was stunning, and she probably didn't know it. He felt even more stupid for comparing himself to such a situation; this was so much more important. There was a hint of a smirk on her face. Hell, he wondered how he went years without hearing her voice. His grin was roguish. But shit, his heart was pounding louder than the music in the room. . Check out the other stories in her C2! Her name is Queen Bitch. The awful cretin that you will actually run into who sparks this hatred is Bitch Number 2: Two-Faced Whore. You know her, you're probably even her , and you hate her guts. The rest of the time they want white lies. If you belong in the third category of bitches, you hate small talk. People are shallow, and looks do matter. No one can say she leads them on. And before you rattle on and on about how it's rude of me to put some poor girl out on the spot, calling her out as a bitch, don't worry. Obviously there was only one clique that could pull this off and be worshipped for it; they just begged to be watched. To be fair, she was only like this when Amelia decided to give Lisa a hard time, usually through amazingly easy methods. Let's not mention her used-to-be-black Keds. Quizzically, she turned her head, and suppressed a groan when she met the sight of four teenage boys, all equally gorgeous and handsome in their own right. Too bad she had an aversion to teenagers. Still, she got behind a particularly tall red head chatting on her cell phone and checked her phone for the time. Amelia realized she was staring. Probably genetically programmed in them or something else beyond her understanding. Soon, the uneasiness from his relentless stare made her open her mouth again. He let out a low whistle and she laughed at the exaggerated look of reverence on his face. The guys she hung around were more inclined to see her as an older sister because of the way she fretted over them. she finally said. Amelia scowled as she cradled her throbbing fingers. She couldn't help her suspicious glare, but didn't address his out-of-place happiness. He pulled his earphones and took a step closer. she muttered, mostly to herself, but didn't mind the smile that crossed his face. It left Amelia disconcerted, but she wasn't going to be the first one to venture into awkward territory willingly. He's a potential friend, and it doesn't matter how good looking he is. She grabbed her books and his bag, dropping it on the coffee table as she nudged him to sit. He was four years younger than her, but here she was, being a massive creeper and fantasizing about him. He was good humoured and his love for art made her think he was so much more adorable than she originally thought. Not that he had any for her, because she's seen the sexpots that hung around him. Amelia smiled gratefully, thankful for the distraction from her school work. For teenage boys. Like a condemned person, she slowly turned around and saw Harvey behind her, eyebrows raised quizzically, a slight questioning smile forming on his lips. It was a silly crush driven by her fantasies – not because she genuinely adored Harvey as a person. Surely she'd drop signs – subconscious ones – but signs nonetheless. She hasn't showered yet and she was in the middle of cooking, so she had her most unattractive clothes on because she couldn't find her apron. She settled for his arm just as he turned to face her quizzically. Maybe he wanted to share something he's been keeping to himself, eating at him inside. The credits just began to roll when she opened her eyes and felt something leaning against the top of her head, and she giggled to herself. She could feel his warm breath against her skin. I mean, friends lied down friends like this, didn't they? It was just chemistry, but it didn't have to mean anything. Would've worked too if he didn't look at her with those bedroom eyes. Someone who stood on equal ground with her. . Amelia chose to wisely stay out of it. she muttered and hurried after her. Water. he asked Amelia. Crap. She knew she'd reach the point where her bladder would burst and her stomach wanted to come out from her mouth, but her high tolerance came in handy for times like these. She even hunched in her seat, while her feet in those pumps throbbed like a sonovabitch. She was just single. How disappointing. Of course it wasn't anything to him; he didn't even mention that night. She was the maternal one; the one they went to when they hearts were broken so she could make them a nice meal and watch a movie with them because they would never ask a guy friend to do so. This feeling of intimidation was foreign and she didn't know how to handle it. If she had a rock, she'd throw it at his head. . She was wearing her blasted heels, for Pete's sake. He was adorably nervous, and if she didn't fear his death glares, she would bring it up. Still, she didn't have to make it easy for him. She had a lot more fun explaining the concepts and learning at the same time, then her studying alone in the library study room for hours on end. He didn't say anything life altering, or no one pointed out the epiphany she should've had weeks ago, but for some reason, was only going through it now. She was genuinely in love with him as a person. Or even worse, make him break off their friendship. Even though he and Lorraine weren't dating, she still noticed the girls he was around. Amelia thought she was very pretty, and from the way he looked at her, Harvey did to. It wasn't until she felt Harvey's hand on her thigh that she snapped to attention. Amelia nudged Harvey. Sighing, Amelia turned to her plate and thanked the waiter. Still, she was going to chew him up. - and he was telling her that she wouldn't understand? Like he didn't know her well enough by now that she wouldn't take offence; instead, it felt like she was so thoroughly dismissed that it took a while for the cheek it set in. It didn't mean anything, because he was just that kind of person - someone who did it for anyone - for any girl. She suspected her eyes were glossy so she quickly looked across the table. She even laughed at some of their god-awful jokes. she added thoughtfully. It was stupid and annoying, and she just wished she was alone right now, just so she could screw her head on straight. They didn't have unnatural silences like these, but it was late, and she figured she could brush this night off as nothing. . Her first thought was to greet him, but he wasn't close enough, and her ass was sleeping, so moving would only provoke hysterical giggles due to the blood rushing back to its respectful place. The hi-bye kind of thing as well, but Amelia now realized her self-proclaimed hermit life was a result of her bruised ego, and she should be the one to initiate a conversation. She was a horrible, horrible bitch. She was the older one, and here she was, acting like a twelve year old. . She was so angry with herself she almost whirled around to stalk away. Hopefully he stopped her to let her know that all was well, but she wasn't holding her breath. She plopped on one of the benches in front of his residence to catch her breath, to get a grip on herself, because she was being ridiculous. She snorted a laugh through her tears. Wonderful. She was rambling. she repeated nervously, just to make sure it didn't go over his head, or he didn't get the main message. Obviously she didn't think of an alternative. Probably shouldn't have said that. she said almost desperately. Frustrated, he ran a hand through his hair. She couldn't hit him, so she had to get away from him. Brilliant. It was all she could do to keep from smacking him or attacking him to the ground. End. His aim was right on, despite the pain in his arm. Without a backward glance, he rushed past the man and up the steps to find the room; that held his fate and housed his destiny. Now he hesitated. He would have easily suffered ten times over for her. Now he was smiling. She was safe and now she was his. As he started the engine and felt her warm body against his, he smiled, realizing that today was the start of a new life. They were all the same and they all disgusted me in the end. I tugged my stubborn long brown hair into a sloppy ponytail and rushed out the door, just remembering to grab my purse and jacket. She was almost like a sister to me, a sister I never had. It almost made me feel ashamed that I was that predictable. In an effort to keep out the chill, I tugged my jacket closer and fell into step beside Maggie. Maggie was a big girl; she could handle herself. She acted as though it had been forever since she had last seen me. He wasn't my type, but honestly, I was surprised that she hadn't tried for him yet. It was sad that all it took was one heartbreak to turn me into an introvert who would eventually end up with ten cats, living alone and reading crappy romance novels. We hardly spared a glance. I rolled my eyes, typical Maggie; she pestered me about going out with less-than-attractive men and here she was, the shallowest woman I knew. How she pulled, that one off I'd never know. And I don't plan to. She gave me a look as she started to browse the newest arrivals. It couldn't even be called an obsession when I hated every book I read, could it? What she found didn't please her. There were days when I would forget to eat all together. With a sigh, I slipped on my jacket again and grabbed my purse. It was quite entertaining. I frowned at Maggie. I waved to Jerry, the owner of the store and an old family friend. His looks were deceiving; he had a mouth that would put a sailor to shame when liquor had a hold of him. I don't even like cheesecake! I just smiled sweetly. Every few days I visited my grandma in the retirement home. I spoke the truth when I said I didn't have time for dates, let alone a boyfriend. In a way, I envied those women. When had everything changed so drastically? They were good enough to take me with my insecurities and all. They should pay me extra for always fixing this damn thing, I thought. As soon as I turned the corner, I ran like a bat out of Hell for my office. And the sad thing was, I wasn't sure how to change my bleak future. I had worked my butt off for three years. This is why I shouldn't take lazy days, I thought. With a hard yank, it came loose. As I tried to figure out how to undo it, the train stopped and I nearly went flying because I wasn't holding on. It was still pouring, if not harder than when I got out of work. I hoped I didn't wake anyone up this late. Searching through the fridge didn't produce anything worthwhile, so I popped a TV dinner in the microwave and lit my stove, placing a teakettle on top. I had a cute small nose, pouty lips and a great smile. Like I said, I was nothing fantastic, I was just…average. The food wasn't very good, but I ate it anyway. I had forgotten all about it. My fingers brushed over the cord and tried to find where it all came together to open. I just stared at it in disbelief for a minute. As I studied the page more, I realized that a few words could be English, in a sense. Work had been grueling and it was well past my bedtime. At that very moment, a powerful wind blew through my blinds and the rain entered. I couldn't even find the muscles that controlled my fingers. Two totally different situations. Then the cops will realize the situation at hand, and they'll call in the FBI, and I'll be taken away, eerily quiet like the Joker in The Dark Knight. What was I supposed to do, throw a Lego at her head? Obviously, even badasses have their manly urges. Though now that I think about it, he might not have been reacting to the vandalism of his beloved court, but instead realized that the sight of other men's parts turned him on). Really, I will. What if I went around assuming that she was a freakish lady who sat around next to her window all day stroking her squashy faced cats? Cat Lady, on the other hand, is making fun of an incredibly sexy beast who can murder people with his toes. It's something I should probably practice on Kari, in a kill-two-birds-with-one-stone kind of thing. As in the badass, Luke Ardmore. She's a nice person, after all. It would make them seem even larger. But then again, I would look like a wimpy bastard who lives in a world of fluffy bunnies and unicorns if I went around playing with her dumb hair. I'm serious. I really feel like throwing it against a wall. I keep forgetting which one is better. ! Care, I mean. She's mooching lunch off me, and we're not even dating. I mean, when I'm on the run, I'll definitely be preying on fat, juicy rats because I'm so tough. Frozen yogurt, rat brains – same thing. I'm not supposed to help humanity and become a doctor or some animal rights advocate. Then, shortly after, she's supposed to start calling me a psychopath and running away, while I eerily disappear in the crowd. She is such a bad influence. Not one bit. A lot). ! . I wish she'd just stop moving them altogether. I bet the light side only has oatmeal, and we all know that oatmeal is the suckiest cookie. And you can't have a family when you're a badass serial killer. With her lips. Both dances are just lame excuses to get some more money out of the idiotic students. I think not. And I'm definitely not going to kiss Kari, even though I've backed her into a wall and am now staring at her very enticing lips. Which was a huge mistake, because I feel like her eyes are sucking me in, drawing me closer and closer to her lips. With absolutely no control over my actions, I look down at her lips again, and she licks them. So it's obviously not going to happen. Just a reassurance of our extreme hate. Another oneshot! But I thought it was pretty cute. Ha aha. Oh well. There were children running all around and the entitled little beasts were making a sport of trying to knock down the waitressing staff. And Iris had been born in the middle of it all, so she knew. A very sad-looking doll at present, in fact; so Iris decided to do something to cheer her up. Iris had heard it had cost close to 10 grand. and moved to the left, quickly sweeping her hand near the mix of sugar, paste and real flowers at the base of the cake. You just needed to figure out which decorations were loose. Still, the wedding of Chelsea Gold and Aaron Silverman was the event of the season and a great opportunity to network… or rub it in the face of whichever businessman Sebastian had most recently outsmarted. But no one ever did. Rivers Garrett was with her, and he had her arm in what appeared to be a rather painful grip if the girl's expression was of any indication. And this girl, Iris, was upsetting Rivers… now that was interesting. Like pizza. Carter hadn't left ever since. For such a long time his life had been all about business and getting ahead, and then Sarah had been born and he had fallen truly in love for the first time in his life. Iris. Please don't send me messages or reviews concerning those details. I have a stepbrother who is a third year student at the high school I am going to and is one of my best friends. Since I have no father, I am called Elva Dermont, but almost everyone I know is smart enough to figure out that I am not really related to the Dermonts, due to my whole head of redness. That is how skinny I am, but I usually call myself lean and not skinny because the whole skinny thing makes me sound unhealthy, which is completely untrue. One thing I liked Jed was that he was always so optimistic, and I loved that treat in anybody. But it wasn't so bad, since all of my friends were going to the same prep school because I had never been to a public school in my life. For brother and sisters, we were really good to each other, and we hardly ever fought, even with my red hot temper. He looked so much better. I knew I would fit into the pageant show unanimously, but I didn't liked it one bit because I always liked being special. I knew most of Jed's classes were on the 3rd floor, since he'd told me on the way to school this morning just in case I needed any help. I finally knew what Shelly's sister meant by dating the older boys in school. Maybe that was why I had never managed to get angry at him. Shelly and I were the only freshmen around. I bet Shelly must have felt the same, or worse, because she was weaker to public attention than I was. I had no idea why I kept thinking about how good the guys looked, but it was probably my excitement since Mom and Dad (Jed's parents, I call them that too after growing up with them) didn't allow me to date unless I get to high school, so now I was all excited and hoping to find a good guy. There was also a deep cruelty in his eyes, which I knew I wasn't ready to face. Some of my friends told me I should stop provoking people, but when I was onto something, I didn't know when to stop. I couldn't believe Jed was keeping secrets from me. He began with the introduction. I still had that smile on when I took out a piece of music mixed with 32nd notes up to whole notes and with staccatos to slurs that goes as long as five measures. I could see the notes in my head even if I did close my eyes. I knew he couldn't, because my performance was perfect. I smiled again at the thought. I have a very bad feeling that things with Kyle Lebrun wouldn't end so easily. Don't you just love cliches? He continued to hold onto me while breathing heavily and he looked slightly dazed as he grinned boyishly at me. Disappointment visible clouded his face, but he let me go. Just as I was almost through to being invisible, Ethan turned sharply towards me and his eyes narrowed as they sought me out and he fixed them on me. In fact, I think he had lots of fun pushing himself closer and closer against me till he was pressing right up to me. Hurt flashed in his eyes for a moment before he mumbled a soft  just audible enough for me to hear. I could only gape at him when he sauntered back to where I was standing. But even as nervously tried to stuff myself with the donut, I could tell his movements behind me by the increasing volume of gasps and giggles that came closer and closer to me. His head bent slowly and just as his lips grazed mine slightly, his friend, or rather, his sidekick, appeared at the table with a full tray. As he skillfully dodged the balls zooming around him, Ethan edged closer to me to inspect me. I mean…THE Ethan. I scrunched up my eyes, unable to watch the imminent face-plant. A full-on  from behind Ethan marked the demise of our entire team. Ethan frowned at his retreating figure before pouting at me. Except me. Facebook OfficialOr, Not My TypeMy apologies to Mark Zuckerberg… but Facebook just might have been the worst thing ever created in the past decade. The phone spun into an empty beer bottle and toppled it over with a crash. I flopped back onto the plushy couch I'd been perching on and exhaled deeply. Her hands gripped the top of the couch as she pushed herself closer to me. I was going to go deaf at this rate. Definitely, bad. My mind made up, I stood up and felt the table for my previously abandoned Blackberry. My eyes locked with the bright blue ones belonging to Siegfried Kloibhofer and my feet froze in their movements. He'd probably put me into a box labeled 'not important', together with all the other losers he knew, and shoved it to the recesses of his mind. I mentally apologized to Mark Zuckerberg and thanked the heavens for the little birdie called Facebook, because if I hadn't already known, the sight of him and Maja Karlsson with their arms wrapped around each other might have given me a cardiac arrest of some sort. Driven by instinct, I turned and bulldozed my way out of the room, dragging Freya with me mostly only because she still wouldn't let go of my arm. And all on New Year's Day. At least one of us had been thinking straight. With my luck this year, it was hard to tell. I grappled with her for a moment. I slid down in my seat, annoyed. Finally. They still vehemently denied being an official couple, but acted like one as far as I knew. It had probably been a good thing she'd chosen to withhold that piece of information from me. It was still difficult to imagine having feelings for anyone; he acted so stone-like most of the time. Never guys like Siegfried Kloibhofer's type. It was making my chest squeeze a little. The slight opening of his left eye gave him away. Thirty minutes into the new year. There was always something better. After all: out of sight, out of mind – right? How terrible it would be if he were to be taking any of my compulsory Broadcasting modules this semester – I would probably be unable to graduate on time. If I hadn't already had feelings for Siegfried, I might have considered developing a girl crush on Maja. Nope, not fun at all. she said. I grasped it like a life raft. I said, a little randomly. Or maybe I had watched too many an episode of CSI. I said, as another thought struck me. How cool was that? Her confusion only lasted for about a second, however, because the next moment she was distracted by something else. They both smiled at each other and the brother started to make his way up, towards us. Talk to him but not expect a reply? Someone had to give us brunettes a chance. Just by that air about him, I could tell he was the total opposite of Siegfried in terms of personality. Even though Anton had forest-green eyes that were so different from Siegfried's cold blue, they both had the same piercing gaze that Siegfried had pinned on me when we had first been introduced. The crooked little smile that Anton had been wearing slowly faded away as we continued to stare at each other, and then he finally looked away, frowning a little. I was horrid at first impressions. This was all his fault. I cleared my throat awkwardly, gesturing to the seat beside me. But he still didn't sit down. After the introduction, Anton stood looking at me for a little while more, before he finally moved to sit himself down in the seat next to mine. I wondered why Maja had even bothered trying to befriend me when she'd already had a brother in the same class. Anton was staring at me, a small smile picking at his lips. Was this his idea of a joke? I said, going for a flippant tone, but my voice wavered. It hadn't been a joke. I'd hurt his feelings, obviously. A pang of guilt assailed me. I stole a glance at Anton, but he had opened his textbook and was stoically staring at it. Who knew she could be such a gossip? I'd said it in a way that would make it come across as a joke, so I wasn't worried about Maja's reaction. My heart skipped a bit. I mumbled. For the rest of the lesson, I kept my eyes on my paper while I scribbled notes dutifully, trying to ignore the unfriendly waves that I could feel now radiating off Anton Karlsson. A glance at Maja told me she was smiling to herself while texting someone on her cell phone. Maybe that sweetness had been what had drawn Siegfried to Maja in the first place. Constant analysis of the kind of girl Siegfried liked was not conducive to moving on. Unfortunately, my brain slammed on the brakes the moment I saw him, and my sudden halt caused him to look over. I'd had enough of guys who thought they were above making eye contact with me. He looked like he had no idea what I was talking about. It was disturbing, to say the least. His next statement was along the same lines as my train of thought. He was probably regretting ever asking me out now. I remarked. I had a sudden urge to find out. So what was I thinking, wanting to see Anton's full-fledged smile? And what if Siegfried came to walk her to her next class? he said. But I hadn't meant to hurt his feelings, both times. His gaze snapped back onto mine, surprise reflected within the shiny green. It was just the guilt talking, I told myself. I would've done my part in assuaging my guilt for treating him so poorly the first time round, and all would have been good. I was starting to get a feel for how she had managed to hook Siegfried in much less time than the one year I'd tried and failed miserably. Under other circumstances, I was sure we'd have become fast friends in no time. I wasn't sure I was that nice of a person. Anton, however was an entirely different story. He was a master at maintaining virtual communication, that one. We started chatting about everything – our lives, our families, our friends, our hopes and dreams… I didn't know how, but suddenly the conversations just dragged on and on until his texts were the first thing I saw in the morning and the last thing I replied to at night. As repayment, I would share with him my experiences as a host of the campus radio station, which constituted the practical part of my Broadcasting courses – something that he thought was . We'd decided to crash at her apartment for a little while before the start of the movie. The pot calling the kettle black, really. I wasn't quite sure, because that incident had never been brought up again. Freya was glaring at me through narrowed eyes, while Eric beamed at me mischievously. Maybe he was busy? I wasn't the kind of girl who would text someone incessantly even when they had ceased to reply. I had my own life to lead, and I was sure Anton had his, too. I hit her in the stomach instead. We only stopped when I almost fell off the couch and Eric's whistle of approval hit our ears. It flew over his head rather than hitting it, but Eric reached out and caught it easily. These two were utterly hopeless. Eric had probably noticed, because he was smirking a little to himself. she said hurriedly. I checked my Blackberry one last time to stall time – no message from Anton, but one from my mother telling me that my parents wouldn't be home till late, so I'd have to take care of dinner myself – before sighing and heading for the car. I had a feeling she didn't want to tell anyone too much about what she had going on with him. It seemed to placate her, because she gave a small smile back. She rolled her eyes at him, but didn't pull away. I shrugged her off. That was – if he hadn't guessed already. I was biting my lips hard enough to stifle my smile. And I wasn't about to make the same mistake this time. His words had apparently only been meant for Maja. he said, in response to my previous question. To my eyes, he had more of a cute-little-boy look more than anything else. How cute. That way, the both of us could grab at him whenever something disturbing came up onscreen. They really were meant for each other. I decided to help him out. Hand-brushing was no big deal. I popped the popcorn into my mouth and chewed slowly, peeking out of the corner of my eye to make sure Anton's hand was out of the box before reaching back in to take more. There was a particularly horrifying part, when a zombie jumped out of nowhere and latched onto the female protagonist with a hoarse scream, that made me jump. In an instinctive move, my fingers had latched onto his at tightly as the zombie had latched onto the actress. I forgot to breathe for one split second, before the air rushed in and my lungs expanded again. For the rest of the movie, I stoutly kept my arms crossed over my chest, just in case. There was a glint in his eyes. I commented to Anton, without any acridity. he said. It was then that I realized we were the only ones left in the theatre; everyone else had already left. Anton was regarding Freya with an evident look of fascination. I told him reassuringly. It seemed like I could never get things right with Anton. I really needed to start giving the girl a little more credit. I tried for a wobbly smile, and he responded with an equally vague one. It was probably just his ego that had been dented. he said, the melodrama in his words offset by the half-amused tone he'd said it in. Anton was standing a foot or two away, looking up into the sky. I looked back to him, but he kept his head tilted away from me. It had sounded… so juvenile. I said slowly. A friend that – I'd come to find – I enjoyed talking to. He shoved both hands into his pockets and straightened. Anton had his own brand of charm… The kind of charm that was more than Siegfried could ever hope to achieve. The fire in his eyes was hard to watch. Our gazes met and held. I had the sudden urge to hug him – something, to take away the hurt in his eyes. Like a little boy that had lost his way in a large shopping mall and had just realized that the hand he'd grabbed was a stranger's hand. I had to pause for a moment before the words came back into my mind. There was still a hint of question in his statement. He was right – I'd never given him a chance, and it wasn't fair. Eric and I had been chatting about up-and-coming rock bands that we both liked, and I guess Freya had been bored. Usually something ridiculous. And besides, it was kind of sweet how loyal Eric was to his friends. He still seemed a little too reserved for that. Since when did guys care about details like that? I'd almost forgotten that he could be serious, too. And if I hadn't told them about Anton, we wouldn't have been standing here arguing over trivial matters. Freya was a goddess at keeping secrets. Possibly ever. I felt like he was just waiting for a chance to pounce. I hardened my heart against the sight. In his eyes, I was now someone who had hurt something precious to him, and consequently someone he despised. Dread was starting to pool at the bottom of my stomach. He was too good for that. he countered, in a stronger tone of voice than any I'd ever heard him use. He stepped in, closing the door behind him. I breathed in deeply. He was staring down at me, and I saw the exact moment his pupils dilated. My hand crept up to touch his collarbone lightly. I could feel his pulse jumping erratically under my fingers. Our lips were barely an inch apart. One of my hands reached up to pull lightly at his hair. Getting frustrated with the bottom two buttons that just refused to open, I tugged his shirt roughly apart and the two buttons flew out onto the floor. My tongue darted out to lick his lips mischievously. I grasped at it as if it was a life-raft and I was floating in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. A wave of insecurity I'd never felt came crashing down on me and I suddenly felt like I couldn't breathe. he said, taking a step towards me, then changing his mind and stopped where he was. He had to. He had blown through my world, and now he was leaving and I was terrified, and I was terrified of what that might mean. I sniffed, once, twice, but then I couldn't hold back the tears anymore. I pulled away again. There was something infinitely intimate about that. You sleep with the guy once and now you're acting like a clinging vine. But coming from Anton, they seemed more genuine than anything else. Now I felt like my nakedness had put me at a disadvantage. It squeezed, and I felt my heart constrict painfully. There was a brief pause and I knew he was probably standing in the doorway, with one hand on the doorknob, looking back at me. It was starting to seem like all I did to the Karlsson twins was lie. Until he looked at me in that way that made me feel like I was the only person that mattered in the world, again. And now I found that what little I remembered of Siegfried paled in comparison to him. she whispered. It was like all the pieces of the jigsaw puzzle had fallen into place all at once, but I was still standing there, with an extra piece in my hand. Siegfried Kloibhofer thought I would make a good friend for his girlfriend. I wondered if he would be angry if I told Maja what had happened. I said slowly. I could feel my stomach twisting. she asked, a smile beginning to light up her face. It didn't look like he cared. Not only had I lost my two best friends, I'd also made a hash of things with Anton, only to discover afterward that I had actually fallen – hard – for him. Before she'd left for lunch with Sieg – she had invited me along, of course, but I had turned her down because I had no desire to be a third wheel – Maja had tried to comfort me by telling me that she'd speak with her brother and try to test the waters for me. They were so engrossed in their own conversation that Eric only glanced up and noticed me when I was right behind Freya. However, there was also a marked lack of friendly smiles on both of their faces. How had all these years' of friendship deteriorated to this awkward silence? Or just screw repeatedly, really. We'd agreed to stay friends, but we all knew how that sort of promises turned out. He stopped short when he felt my hand close around his arm. As I tried to catch my breath, his hands came around me to steady me and he peered at me in confusion. After a moment of futile effort I realized I was practically mauling him in the middle of the car park, and pulled away, my face flaming in mortification. Well, that had sure told me. Or had at least made a very good estimate. Not even as a white lie. He took his hands off my shoulders and turned away. For every stride he took, I had to sprint for four steps to cover the same distance. And then the answer came to me. On top of everything, I now had a scraped elbow. I would be dead. What mattered was that I was still alive to breathe in this dirty, polluted city air. It was the first time a guy – that I wasn't related to – had cared enough to start shaking at the thought of me being dead. And I couldn't be sure that I was, after a kiss like that. I'd just been too biased to look past his reserved façade and see it. I'm not very happy with the ending, but school's starting in two days and I don't have time to write and re-write anymore. Hahaha! Please tell me if you spot any mistakes, because I wrote this over the span of 21 days and I'm not quite sure if all the things in it match up. ;;. He tried. Heh. I had bigger things to be upset about. like the way he was staring at me now, a hope (that I'd laugh it off and tell him I understood) shining in his bright eyes, reflecting another thousand emotions I couldn't quite comprehend. And it pained me to see him grinning back as though he didn't realize how blithe my voice was, how lightheartedly I tossed my stuffed calculator in the air to keep myself busy, how I smacked my lips playfully to keep from biting them, how easily I met those eyes of his as the stuffed toy fell back in my barely trembling hands—he smiled like he didn't see this, like he wasn't my best friend. he spat suddenly and my eyes snapped open,  he asked, his eyes softening in genuine distress, honest concern. He'd replaced the graphing calculator that same night, of course, but had tossed me the huge huggable one as I glared at him sternly from my tape-ridden bean bag. he said as he scratched his neck reluctantly. ;;. Sometimes in the hallway, I'd see her pull his surprised face down to her puckered lips, and when they'd finished mauling each other, he'd be blinking, and she'd be smiling coyly at me. Because, you know, I think I was aware that these thoughts about Jacey were completely absurd, but putting her on a pedestal made dealing with the reality that Tanner left me for her more bearable. At least I had one other friend. she said eagerly, thrusting a gift bag into my hands, grinning so hard I wondered how much that hurt. But now, with grateful tears dotting my lashes as I whispered,  I knew that deep inside, I did. —and Tanner, inevitably. But her smile faded when I looked down almost guiltily. ;;. Hopefully. The pain of the last three weeks suddenly presented itself at the bottom of my stomach, and my voice grew cold. 'Kay, I said. And embarrassed. We weren't strangers then. And I wondered if my ex-best friend was for real. I crossed my arms, foolishly hoping that this would extinguish the sparks of guilt budding in my chest. I swallowed the hurt that clenched my heart and forced my teeth to do that instead. He sounded just like his sister, only she had never abandoned me. ;;. Danni was back. And my favorite. No way was he waking up at 6 AM to tape that piece of crud to my beautiful hunk of metal. They were so beautiful and so alive and so distraught and so, so Tanner. What he was saying now—that hurt more than anything. He didn't want to let go anymore. I wondered if that was the surprise. ;;. Inspired by every author who's written the best-friend-ditched-for-girlfriend plot, by every author who's used gaming lingo in their stories, by my brothers who use it all the time, and by my friend who apologized for snapping at me by saying  Classiness. My bad, homies. BWAHAHA. They're tough to lose, I know. ROFLCOPTER. HEHEHE. Only with a P. Uhm. If you are interested in helping edit this story in prep for publication please consider joining us. I'm not, and it isn't my club in any case, so it isn't really my problem—the name part anyway. I mean, I can wait to get my nicotine fix until I'm on my own time, but he's got me real fucking nervous after the shit he's pulled so far today—what with having a car come by my aunt's place and pick me up at the bus stop when I was on my way to school. Half the time it's a relief just to get it over with, ya know? Maybe more. Not to be a punk about it or anything, but shit, man, since when does Big Nick sit around having a think about what kind of habits I got? If I ever figure out who has been talking to my brother about my business, I think I'll go ahead and sock him one. I'm lighting up with shaky fingers when Big Nick steps out from behind his desk and takes the few steps in my direction to hand me an ashtray. I don't know, and I have no intention of ever asking. Jesus Christ, man, what am I doing here? I stub out my cigarette and cross my arms over my chest. A guy can find himself with a bullet to the head for less than that. I swallow hard. People only get this open about things when they want to make you a part of it. I am not even remotely in his universe. She hadn't even been there six months yet. But apparently television cameras and the flashbulbs of paparazzi were what came with getting his music heard. Her scheduled ride to the arena was already fifteen minutes late, and this was even after her plane was thirty minutes late getting into Austin. Airports were never her favorite places to be. He took her to the bus and – with some help – managed to get her bags on the bus. Her back was facing Ryder and he was given an excellent view of a very exceptional butt, shown off very nicely in a pair of dark jeans. Please Review. a partnership of destiny. For questions, PM me! It's about three times as big as my horn. Kind of looks funny with his sandy-blond hair, but I'll get used to it. I named him Kermit. John moves to grab his baritone from the back of his black-and-rust colored truck, and I likewise open Kermit's back door to extract my horn. Oh, and Alan is dating John—they've been going out for over a year, now. I mean, it doesn't really bother me, or anything, but it just gets…annoying, you know? I can only imagine that it will be worse next year, when we're seniors. From one to two, its instrument-specific sectionals, from two to three, it's brass or woodwind sectionals, and from three to four, it's full band rehearsal. This is what we worked for. We like to think it's because they respect the hard work and effort we band nerds put into our music, but really it's because the lot is in horrible shape, and all the others are smoothly paved in concrete. That thought vanishes from my mind the instant I open the door to the oh-so-familiar band hall, and the faces of all my friends come into view. Good times. Pretty much any of us juniors would do a better job than he could. Hardly bitter at all. It looks a lot different, though—the lack of signs and posters on the plain metal bars probably have something to do with it. But hey, pretty much everyone in band knows my sense of humor by now. Sigh. Still, Mr. Davis and Mrs. Wilson are there, so not everything's helter-skelter. You just can't replace forty years of dedication to the Hillcrest marching band. So, I figure, if I don't see it, it can't bother me. I pretty much have this speech memorized. Podium thing. Just maybe. She had really just wanted to ditch practice. There's been a lot of speculation over the summer as to what she'll have chosen, but nothing for sure had been leaked. Now it would be a mercy to burn those sad things and dance around their pyre. He basks in the 'spotlight'. I follow suit, curious to see who showed up late. I feel kind of sorry for them even as I'm slightly jealous that they got to miss the entire orientation. Estrogen. ! His eyes scan the assembled musicians, and I'm silently pleading 'please, don't pick me, oh, God, please shield me from the evil gaze of Mr. Davis. Dammit. It also definitely had nothing to do with attraction of any kind. He offers, after a moment, and I do chuckle. I might feel a bit more pride than I should, but hell, I'm just glad that he's not all tense and shit anymore. You'll hear differently from other sections, but I know I'm right. I always forget about those, since I don't ever really go in either of them. I had been such an innocent little ninth grader, too. No traitorous thoughts like that! There is no attraction. Anyway, since this is the first chapter, I'd like to do something of an introduction. If I've used any terms that someone is unfamiliar with, please let me know, and I'll be sure to explain. Anywhos, 'dingdong' has been quickly changed to 'predicament' and I hope I didn't offend anyone. True, they didn't call themselves loan sharks, in fact this company happens to be one of the biggest legitimate software producers in the world – so I'm told. Truth be told, I am very nervous right now but nothing in this world will stop me from doing all that I can to help him. The stress is really turning my mind to mush. cold. When I finally reached the desk, he tilted his head slightly to the side and stared openly at me. I felt so small and young compared to this huge office and the emotionless man sitting opposite me. Although I can't be too sure about that until I practice it in a mirror. He buttoned up his suit jacket and walked purposefully around his desk, past me and towards the door. I have to say that I'm really annoyed with myself because the calm and controlled me is gone and I'm back to being the quiet, awkward girl with nothing to say. All I want to do at this moment was to leave and never see this arrogant piece of poop ever again but James desperately needed the money and we were running out of time trying to get it. All I wanted to do was to run the hell out of here but before I could move he spoke again. My current job—waitressing—is so tiring and I get hardly any pay, it can't be that bad to marry him can it? I felt my cheeks burn as he roared with laughter. I stared at it in shock before he pushed my head down to the floor and all I could do then was stay there while the sound of shots being fired and screaming people surrounded me. I am quite sure if I tell him I want out now, it probably wouldn't go down well. please tell what you think of it. Only crap. enjoy! ! Lore didn't listen, Lore never listens. I snatched my hand away from his face as if it was on fire but Lore reached out and captured my wrist in a gentle yet firm grip. Running into the shadows she took off. The distinct wails of a police siren cut through the once silent night and yet failed to match the unimaginable horror of my own as I scrambled to my fallen savior. Unfortunately for me I only reached this conclusion when I ended up on the wooden floor, undoubtedly cracking my tail bone in the process. Rushing out of my room I heard my mother's voice yelling up at me from the stair case. Typical. OK? Love to you all and until next time! It clattered, rolled, and stopped. She was probably talking to herself, she realized with total mortification as she closed her eyes. I don't mind, really. laughing at her? she said in a hard voice. She looked vaguely familiar. He looked familiar, somehow. she stammered. she asked. She laughed. A best friend that she only found recently. He eyed her red hair. She swayed slightly before leaning to him, ducking her head when he looked down at her with a knowing grin. She mouthed an apology before hurriedly rushing both of them away. She mumbled something under her breath and turned her head away. He was by her side in a second. she hiccupped, brushing more tears from her eyes. He felt a small part of him break when he heard her sobbing. But what was amazing is that she always kept a smile on her face, despite the problems at home. Because he couldn't do anything to stop the pain that she felt. she whispered. he said firmly,  Especially me. A small smile adorned her face. It was because of her that he finally accepted the death of his mother and father. Her grin widened. Not when she felt so safe and comfortable in Alex's arms. ' she breathed before breaking out into a huge grin. Chrissy said, grinning brightly. she asked excitedly. She stopped and then sighed. All he could do was smile with her. She turned and waved back before entering her house. she said. she trailed off, racking her brain for a good excuse. He looked at her briefly from the mirror before focusing his eyes back on the road. she persisted. She knew he was looking at her with that half smirk on his face. Alex raised an eyebrow, lowering the glass so Autumn could say what she wanted to say. Her grin suddenly left him breathless. Autumn asked gently. But she doubt anyone would believe that. Even Alex said so. When Autumn was concerned, time didn't count. She needed answers and this was the only way she could obtain them. But even so, she pushed those thoughts out of her mind—and the blush arising on her face. . Besides falling for the person that's off-limits. . she said with finality and sighed. . she smiled ruefully at Autumn's look of surprise. Autumn's smile can light up the whole world. She still would try to help you out, even if you wanted it or not. She was always thinking of other's before herself; putting their needs before her own. She was one of a kind. Autumn said with a brave smile but there was a trace of sadness. Autumn watched her. Trying to obey his thoughts, he nodded in response to her confused expression. she said enthusiastically, clapping her hands together. What if Christabel found out and accused her of stealing her best friend? . She sounded carefree. She looked thoughtful for a moment as her eyes averted to take in their surroundings before she suddenly gasped. he said in a teasing tone. She flashed him a smile that made his heart skip a beat. . She stole a quick look at him and saw him staring contently at the sun setting and she felt herself start to smile. She felt his eyes on her. Her eyes locked with his and he suddenly felt the urge to take her into his arms. He sighed. he said, focusing his eyes back on her. But she ignored it. She really was. she asked slowly, turning back to him and her breath caught when she saw him staring right at her. His grin widened. She hoped to heaven that it was what she wanted to hear. he drawled out slowly. . he faltered, trying to calm himself and trying to keep the misery out of his voice. she trailed off, feeling her cheeks grow warmer. he trailed off, trying to calm his nerves, but for an entirely different reason. Instead, she shook her head and flashed him her own smile. she asked breathlessly. . They began to walk, but an icy voice stopped them. He was suddenly thrown across the room. she sobbed. He knew it was meant for him. . He was completely still. A huge gash was on his forehead, staring from near his eye, drawn up until it reached his hairline. she whispered, his face blurred in her eyes. . Chrissy suddenly laughed, which caught her attention again. The doctor took a deep breath. she asked hopefully. Thank God he was awake. He was all right. she said, her voice distressed. she took a deep breath and took a step back, offering one last smile as goodbye. It clattered, rolled, and stopped. she said. Without knowing it, she reached forward and traced it. he suggested. Instead of answering, she just smiled and pulled a bill out of her pocket and handed it to him. . . And I promise I won't let you down. . Soccer. The shrill beeping of my alarm clock brought me out of my deep sleep, and I popped up immediately, knowing that if I wasn't outside at exactly seven fifteen, my brothers would murder me. I hated when people used my bathroom. And bigger then me, which bothered me. Weird combination if you asked me. Of course, was I supposed to be aware of my brother's good-looks? Physical male-contact was a big no-no. I mean, I know you're not very good, but you need to have extra curricular activities for college. But my mom was a different story. If I didn't get A plus's in every subject, they'd roll in the guillotine. I did let myself get ordered around by my parents. And I fell into their trap. Thanks for reviewing if you have! I mean, what could they expect from a girl who tried to get a job as a maid. But looking at the other girls made me realise I had been wrong. I knew I looked the exact opposite. My heavy brown hair looked nice, but had not seen a hairdresser in years and it showed. Looking through the room made me realise that I probably had never been so wrong. I mumbled, . Clearly I was not considered to be any competition and not worth any of their time. Confidently looking around her she gave her name to the lady in black and when told to sit down, came towards my corner and sat next to me. The blonde now put all her attention on me and glared. The other girls looked furious and I felt myself shrink under their glares. Amanda started to yell at the blonde girl, who yelled back. , I shrieked, while making matters even worse in my attempts to remove the red stain. Once I've finished it I will go through it again and have a serious look at it. don't remind me! She's not very confident, hasn't got a clue about having a relationship and well is a bit of a nerd. She's a lot like me. I know: it is meant to be a modern fairy tale. I know that the people who posted the comments (I seem to getting them with every chapter I write) above mean well - so it's just my way of telling them: I know, I will change it, but hey I can't do it straight away! I'm freaking late! Or late for anything for that matter. I grabbed my racing heart and turned around. Maybe Mr. Wesley was blind and deaf. So much for trying to sneak my way out of this mess, I mentally berated myself. But still it kind of shocked me. It was so damn exhausting. I guess some things are gonna remain a mystery. Easier said than done. I wasn't sure I could take one more incident that would embarrass the hell out of me. I didn't even know until Cecilia Hughes, school's grade  bitch, snickered and very loudly pointed it out to me. I would've died of embarrassment. This school was full of hypocrites. They've all succeeded in creeping the hell out of me. I was wrong; I was the only one there. Anyone would be nice. World History! I continued with World History, ignoring Mrs. Gibbs's presence. Christian Collins, unofficially titled , nonchalantly leaning back in his chair with his legs crossed on top of the desk in front of him. So unless you had a serious death wish, you didn't pick a fight with him. I also adored his high cheekbones and his amazingly kissable lips. Again, what was it with people today? Shut up! I could've sworn that he looked amused. The nerve of this guy! I was itching to slap it right off that handsome face of his. While I took the time to watch his expression, Christian got up in one fluid movement and loomed over me with bit ominous aura around him. I was not moving my ass out of that chair! Mine! What a spoiled brat. With looks like that and the dangerous aura always surrounding him, who would? I mean what the fuck? I just raised my eyebrows. I mean wasn't that what rich brats did these days? It wasn't until she stood in front of me, hands on her hips, glaring down at me that I finally took notice. And she was a teacher too, that's two strikes. It smelled so wild and untamed. I shook my head. His eyes were bright and he looked happy. I turned back to him and raised my eyebrows at Christian, who was still grinning. It's not that I think that lowly of myself, but why would a notorious bad boy want to start up a conversation with me, a nerd who likes to keep to her own circle of her friends and books. Christian's grin faltered and he looked truly confused. It made him look a whole lot friendlier and approachable. He was just too damn strong. Didn't matter to me. I never socialized with him or any of his buddies and I certainly wasn't that popular. That annoyingly handsome, cocky, smirking asshole. And something told me I wouldn't be able to stop him from accomplishing that feat. I shuddered completely against my will. I almost moaned but caught myself at the last moment as I remembered how this little  started. I couldn't pull away at that moment even if I wanted to. I never wanted him to stop. I almost told him to do just that, but Christian started swearing up storm. Looking at his tight navy blue shirt, I would say so. He pulled me flush against his body once again and whispered in my ear,  He finished huskily, sending shivers down my spine. I wasn't sure how far Christian planned on taking that with me. And what did he mean by 'looking forward to our next encounter'? Snap out of it. You'd just be another girl with a broken heart. I needed to study! Not even a little. I got in and started it up and headed toward my next destination, the local library. Apparently I can only write fanfics, so tell me how you like it. Love? Chaos. I knew chivalry was dead. I pulled out my lime green Ipod nano switching it to the  playlist and closed my eyes as  by Hawk Nelson blasted in my ears. I looked up at her and smirked. I'm in so much trouble. He wasn't even looking at us, he was rolling his eyes at the ceiling. And I'm bad enough. . This certainly is going to be a fun year. Who's last name is 'Silent'? Jebesus I'm in trouble. Being amused at my obvious annoyance. Did this guy not get a clue? I was used to that by now. Ugh, how old are you? Had I just said that aloud? Apparently I had. I liked that idea. Aiden looked embarrassed again. I nodded. That was it! I had my own car anyway. What the hell did I do wrong? As if that could help me! No way! I asked. I rolled my eyes. I had absolute no intention of revealing that to him. Aiden frowned. I frowned. Already? Why, oh why? He stole my desk! I rolled my eyes. What the hell? It was all his fault. I stared at him silently. My spine tingled. anyway. your best approach is to pester me until i get too guilty not to anymore. sickness of the nausous headache sort. Not fucking enough, that's for sure. I don't like the way the one I was in before creaks whenever I shift, the way it gives when I sit, the legs wobbling back and forth a bit. Not for a long time, anyway. She's not picky, these days. A loser. Fuck it then. There seems to be a humid yet cooling breeze out there, so I pop the lock on the screen and step outside, careful not to let it slam behind me. And then I leaned back more, my elbows on my knee caps as I slouched into my drags and exhales. The taller one, the one I assume is older, raised his hand in greeting, and I half-heartedly flicked my fingers as I took another drag. I only know Garron's because his brother is always telling him to shut the fuck up. It was delicious too. My fingers gently stroked her hair for a moment, and I didn't resist in leaning down to plant a kiss there as well. I don't think I would…I'd disappear, and nobody would ever care about it. He'd been a bastard to me when I'd called him, not talking to me because I was a minor. I bet he's a great kisser, that he could unwrap three starburst at once. A real one. For the indulgence of it all, I would sell my soul. (really cracking up now) ok, staying off exedrin mixed with cherry coke. It really shouldn't have happened – everything wasn't supposed to end this way. Of all the things that could've been taken away, it shouldn't have been him. And at that moment in time, she was also pretty sure that her mother must've been trying hard to fight back her tears. She watched everyone passing by without shedding a single tear and she was, by no means, even near tears at all as she stared at the tombstone with her father's name engraved on it. Yet, as his daughter whom he'd loved quite so dearly, Terra felt absolutely nothing watching the soil cover up the hole. She turned her head, felt the soft touch of her mother's hand on her cheek. For a moment, Terra stared at her father's name on the tomb and then, for an almost undetectable second, she shuddered. She was wracked with guilt if she ever felt the urge to smile – or eat… or even live. On some of the good days, these memories would become so vivid that she'd start believing that he was still there with them. But right then, even school seemed bleak for her. She was having a hard enough time trying to cope with the fact that her father had died without her friends – and even strangers – reminding her about it every time they told her that they were sorry for her. She then watched as her teacher flipped through her papers. But whatever it was, she didn't have the necessary energy to point out her teacher's ignorance or stupidity. Her initial perky attitude took a three-sixty turn as she looked down at her with enmity. Terra had essentially implored her mother to let her take a break but she guessed her mother must be so absorbed in her own needs that she'd not heard or chose not to listen to Terra. She had a perfect reputation that she fought to live up to everyday of her life. If she got into any trouble, then so be it – she wasn't going to do any ass-kissing anytime soon. Being objectified was the last thing she needed on this freaking glorious day. But those uncivilized little barbarians, who were probably intellectually incompetent, seemed to feed off her reaction. And then, she slowly put both her palms onto his table, bore the weight of her eyes on his, and shook her head. she said with disgust. At least, if she was a robot, she wouldn't need to deal with feelings because the human her certainly didn't know what to feel at the moment. All of sudden, she missed home. As chagrined as she was by the people she'd met here, at the very least, they weren't trying to force her into therapy. It wasn't every day that she got to see a male nurse in school but she was grateful that he wasn't chatty and was focused on getting her to feel better. She didn't even bother to switch the lights on and eventually, she somehow fell asleep. Or was this just a dream? He was staring at her with a pair of bright, enthusiastic puppy eyes. In fact, she wasn't just with that one boy with black hair – she was with three boys. she drawled. But when she finally looked over, he just laughed nervously. They were dark-blue in color and maybe it was just the light but Terra thought that they almost resembled the ocean, just like his name. Even so, she managed it. For a few short seconds, it stayed that way. He was still looking at them, still wasn't smiling or doing anything. He was condescending. But then, out of nowhere, a merry-looking, round man wearing a blue checkered shirt, a pair of slacks and leather shoes as well as suspenders came between them and completely blocked off Ocean from her vision. When he started to rub his tummy, her eyes softened considerably. Maybe it was his deep ho-ho-ho voice or his belly but everything about him made her feel like she wanted to hug him. Then, he wrote the word 'detention' on the board and then, turned to face them all. And she was pretty sure she wasn't the only one who felt like they didn't want to be in there. Was her license still even legal? But her mother? Even so, Terra could see her mother's fists tightening their grip on the steering wheel. Even though it looked rich, the house had a simplicity to it that she couldn't very well explain. She came over to hug Petra. Their expressions and demeanors changed and brief condolences were exchanged as the person her mother called Anna went over to hug her mother again. It was quiet inside the house, and the temperature was just nice too. So much so that Terra felt like she was going to fall asleep if nobody spoke to her. She could just imagine what killer looks he must've had when he was younger. Terra looked at him with a smile as he screeched to a halt when he saw her and her mother. Well, it really wasn't so bad – she could get used to living with this family. And perhaps she may have met or seen this 'eldest' but she really didn't know who he was. Nobody spoke or move in anticipation of him, and the first thing that Terra saw was a pair of slippers that hit the floor at the bottom of the stairs. Way. He looked rather disheveled, clearly showing that he'd just come out of his bed. He was just standing there with a sideway smile as he looked at her. I won't. it's a lot for her to manage at once". . . See you tomorrow". The class gave her a very unenthusiastic, 'yes'. Someone needed to spike her drink, she needed to loosen up a little! The part when the Headmistress takes the class and the one kid goes 'sir' instead of 'Mam'', you know that bit? Ah, it was like heaven on earth. Wow, it's like I'm trying to tell myself to hang up the pom-poms. Scott Stone; jock, number one on my most hated list, starred me down. '. Though I don't see how hugs could be all that amazing…(ponders). ! Thanks! It has since been renamed to 'Antebellum', which means 'before the war'. You can keep up with the publishing status of this book on my website, which can be found on my user profile. Please check in every now and then to say hello. All these things are left behind, not so much considered and rejected by the recorders of the past, but never even known. This is my account, and my gift to your children. No one could do that. Many of the following conversations were never skillfully spun, many of these thoughts were never dredged from my subconscious in that moment, many sights, sounds, and touches are summarized and abridged, because if I explained all the cycles of everyday life -the pencils sharpened, the windows opened and shut, the eyes that saw and kept quiet- what we were would be misconstrued and lost in the developing. It is the best I can do. If they know who I am they do not show or speak of it. None but the last were my fault, and in his lucky case it was that same cursed slavery that led to freedom. I took the tests that would supposedly determine which slaves would be the best match for me, and then scheduled another time to return and begin the courting process. At the least it kept him from other women until God -or His overlooked, random chance- could bring us together. Generations were spent proving biologically and philosophically how we excelled in every aspect, unanimously acclaimed (except in dark conversations and whispered rumors of heretics) to be superior, and even the natural greater physical capability of males was written off as further proof of their destiny as laborers. How could we face them, the slaves, if we had to tell them we had been wrong? Which was more unbearable? There is no more room in me for anything. she said. " My parents told me yesterday. Both became quiet. Willie said. Holly cried, " It's not girly, it's pretty! They became silent once more. Holly stared at his back, watching his figure get smaller and smaller. It started off as drabbles, but I quickly got absorbed in these two, as I hope you will. Collin mocked with tears in his eyes. Second of all, if I was, couldn't I could get someone much better than this nerd? But the eerie stares gave him an otherworldly feel that told me there was something different about him. I was on top of the world, and this weird guy confessing to me was the biggest buzzkill. He was a terrifying old man. And they did. He knew what Keith was there for. He feared The Red. He had the last say on everything. Worthy to belong to The Red. It left everyone else in the dust. . Breath-taking, really. The way he, no matter what, stayed cooler than ice. And he was. ! It would be stupid not to". He didn't like them, because he had said he'd rather look at my own eyes instead of a mirror of his. I don't know – I'm just confusing myself. I'd be, too, if I was the CEO of my father's company and my rich wife was leaving. (Our parents told me in kindergarten, when he was in third grade. He… he was the guy who told me he had feelings for me, when I believed I was stepping into a platonic marriage. His eyes widened when he realized how callous it was. He'd only heard me use this tone with him once, and that was when he first introduced me to Margaret – when she'd claimed him as her territory and it wasn't until weeks later that Logan finally set her straight. He and I looked like opposites – I didn't see how we could've made the hottest couple in all the magazines. Did he just entirely miss my point? I didn't want him to say,  because I didn't want him to draw out the pain even longer. He started sleeping in another room, claiming I needed my sleep, but I'd felt the distance anyway. I felt like trading spots with him. That made me feel even worse. I could literally feel ice water moving through my veins, effectively shocking and paralyzing my body. I immediately scrunched up into a ball, trying to get as far away from him as possible. I couldn't breathe, no matter how huge the gulps of air were that I took. This was the most personal I'd ever gotten with him, and I wasn't sure I wanted to see how he was feeling about it. He now knew what I'd felt for the past eight months, but he gave no response. I simply loved him too much to deny him anything he wanted. I could see our names engraved on each other's rings with the sweet message – 'Nicole &amp; Logan, together forever'. All my tears had gone to my broken marriage, and I didn't have anything else to lose, but Logan. I almost felt almost desperate now, to end our marriage before he hurt me again. Just how much more did I want to dehydrate my body by crying? My heart clenched when I realized how much I wanted to have those children he'd use this voice with. I could tell he didn't really care, at the moment. My heart warmed slightly, knowing he was smiling for me. Thanks for reading, and please review! Well, a girl had to have a couple of nice pairs, didn't she? It was a mild evening and we walked along fairly companionably talking about this and that until, by the time we reached the Huffinworth's, I was pretty much convinced that I'd handed over my knickers to a fairly affable sort of chap. My dad often muttered that my aunt and uncle were 'all money, no taste', which would usually lead my mother to chime in with 'fur coat, no knickers! . Polynomials be damned. and how bright the floodlight was that shone on it. Now I had to worry about him drowning. ), but if they did I wanted them to think I was absolutely fine with it. Legend! If all that didn't deserve a kiss I didn't know what did. and appropriately documented. ooh, random one shot' moments. . So, yeah, totally accidentally I think this story is Peter Pan based! I do hope you enjoy the story, and thanks for your interest! And by perfect, she had to be a man's version of perfect rather than her own. And it wasn't fair. A man had the privilege of asking whoever he wanted while a woman only had the power to refuse, unless a parent was persistent that a match be made, whether a daughter wished for it or not. Her patience inspired Riley to try and attain a fraction of it for herself, though this was a struggle unto itself. Being outdoors mattered more than wearing pants, at least to Riley, and her father had long given up hope that his youngest daughter would marry anyways, so he didn't pay too much attention to her. So while Kendra was wearing the latest fashion and playing piano at the saloon underneath their home, Riley was left to her own devices in hand-me-downs. The only reason Riley never argued was because she wanted to support her sister, and it was the only place she could read her book without her father getting on her case about it. His thin lips curved upwards when he noticed her attention was so deeply focused, and after tossing his cards into the pile, indicating that he had folded, he stood up and slowly walked over to her until he was standing a few feet from her. Deciding to try a different tactic, he took another step forward and cleared his throat. Or, at least, society deemed them as such. he said, shifting his weight and narrowing his green eyes at her. Her breath caught in her throat and she turned her head, closing her eyes tightly as she did so. He was dressed in brown pants, boots, and a brown vest over a blue long sleeved shirt. ) bound for San Diego, with my tray down and pen in hand. I'm a bit touchy about it, and um…well…maybe I'll explain later. should have been 18 minutes ago! I turned back to her and raised my eyebrows expectantly. ' Then I hear Wendi-with-an-I say 'If you will follow me Mr. White, I will show you to your seat. Show him just how important he is to me. He has auburn, no wait, that is definitely red hair, and he is dressed all in black. Those eyes…' Oh, and he's holding his hand out to me…oh! He shook my hand and held on to it. ' I made myself ignore the things that were running through my head about him and pretend I wasn't affected by him. We finally leveled off and I put on my headphones, pressed Play, and settled in for a 5 hour flight. I was very tempted to just fall back asleep, but then I would miss my plane and then I wouldn't get home, and besides, then Jesse would win 20 bucks from my mom, from a bet that I wouldn't be able to survive on my own, even at a hotel, for 6 days. I grabbed by duffel bag with my other stuff and left the hotel, jumping into a taxi out on the street. The airport official handed back my ticket and pointed toward an open door. I'm only 19, and I don't look much like a  I know it and they do too, but I'm sure they think I want to be called that. She stared for a moment as if unsure what to do. I looked like a list, and around her hand, I was able to see a few items. ! I decided to try to start a conversation. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author. Thank you to the readers who nominated me and the judges who put me through to voting! When people have the nerve to actually talk to me, it's usually one of the first things they ask. Nothing could hurt us…nothing could even touch us. he'd always respond. It hadn't taken her long to wrap her arms around me, throw her hands into my wavy, brown hair and with a light kiss on the lips, proclaim me as hers. Darren and I had been friends since Kindergarten though, and he wasn't intimidated by the competition. In fact, I'd been running over ways to say it as I'd driven the four of us home from the party we'd been to, forty minutes away from Willamette Valley, our home. Lil even offered me a few, but it wasn't really my thing and I stuck to soda for the night. And secondly, he couldn't stand straight anymore, and he'd leaned to the side while trying to cuss me out, making both of us bust out laughing. Sammy could always find a way to pacify hot-headed Darren. And lastly, I was driving much too fast. I'd had no control over the car when we'd entered the bend in the road, and we slammed right into the railing, hitting a weak spot and plummeting right over the side. Everything going quiet…everything going black. My screams often woke me, and my mom's arms were often already around me, as I struggled to remember that I'd survived and I was safe in my bed. The memories and the gossip. They'd almost instantly proclaimed me a , claiming I'd all but murdered my friends myself, near-purposely plunging the car over the cliff. I suppose she was predisposed to believe the best of me though. In fact, he would have been in the back seat with Darren and Sammy if he hadn't been grounded for sneaking out of the house the night before. I sort of hated me too. He went on and on with stuff like that until he was finally out of earshot. I didn't drive anymore…ever. Mom and I did just fine, and that felt one hundred percent normal to me. I could give my mom that. And this morning, she looked even more worn. That scare had left permanent worry lines deep in her features. No matter how long she needed to do it. Her sad eyes traveled back up to mine and a sad smile to match it played on her lips. I turned back to watch the road. I also started having trouble breathing. Still confused, I wondered what she was doing crying in Darren's car. Great. I was famous…for the worst possible reason. Some were quiet about it…others, not so much. I pictured Sammy sitting beside him, putting a hand on his shoulder to try and calm him down, and even though a part of me didn't want to, even though it hurt like hell, I pictured Lillian placing her warm hand in mine, squeezing it tight and whispering how much she adored me, urging my fist to relax. I could give my mom one year and then I'd leave this nightmare…physically at least. I sighed and then shut up. A few feet away from the bus, I stopped and stared. It mainly consisted of a boring two-story rectangular building that someone in the architectural world had tried to fancy up with a façade of brick outlining the double doors of the entryway and underscoring every window. It was a pretty discreet spot; I have no idea how he'd found out about it. A kiss that had left me breathless and wanting more, and had probably started the whole process of falling for her. I adjusted my backpack on my shoulder and thrust my hands in my jeans pockets, for a moment feeling invisible in the school that I was sure wasn't excited to see me. Great. He was itching for it…bad. Even still, I caught pieces as I hurried along. I worked on calming the breath that I could feel getting fainter and fainter. In fact, I'd only been  once in my life…and it had been a bad enough experience that I'd never felt the need to duplicate it. No, the face was foreign because it looked…older; like a summer of grief and guilt and anger and…everything else, had aged me at least a decade. She jerked her thumb towards the door, a silver ring on it flashing in the lights. I emphasized 'guys' just in case she wasn't aware she was lurking in the men's room, although the urinals really couldn't have been fooling her. I mentally decided I wasn't ever wearing it again. she tried again,  She pointed again at my face. At least, not yet. She shrugged again. It quickly left her as her calm look returned. The look made her even cuter and I smiled softly at her reaction to her own name. Probably since that night. Despite having gone to a different college than her, I never found anyone who had gotten me like she had. A lot of editors had flat out ignored my phone calls and emails, and I was beginning to think that my decision to try working first before graduate school was starting to look pretty stupid. For her, things often did, but for me, that usually wasn't the case. She would ditch classes to follow rock bands that had concerts within a four hour drive of where we were and sneak into bars with a fake ID. Her parents no longer wanted her in their house, and she instead moved in with her aunt and uncle in Brooklyn. But then again, there wasn't much in my life that my parents approved of anyways. I had rented the cheapest apartment I could find in New York, but even so, I was running dangerously low on funds. The whole reason I left was because I didn't know how long I could have stayed in Brook Valley, listening to my parents lament my choice of a major and compare me to my brother, who had studied an 'actual, useful majors,' and my twin sister, their baby girl who had won third place at the singing competition in the annual county fair. In my parents' eyes, I was a failure, and they did everything short of saying it flat out to my face. When I moved to here, we had picked up right where we left off. I had even gone to a few restaurants, and the managers had deemed me unqualified to handle the fast paced hustle and bustle of a New York restaurant. I couldn't just expect to come to New York, open my computer, and start typing out columns for money. Everyone was at church. The only job I was really qualified for was waitressing, but the couple of New York restaurants I went to had turned me down. Violet, the serious, responsible one. Almost everything in my life was dilapidated. Apparently, this guy had done some photo shoots for Vogue, Time, and National Geographic among others. Plus, if a photo was spectacular, didn't it just mean that the moment it captured was spectacular, not that the photographer behind it had anything to do with it? It didn't matter because I really, really needed this job. He was smiling at me, a smile a bit too wide for his face but one that was friendly nevertheless. The room itself was very neat and well lit, probably because one of the walls had a huge expanse of windows. The seventeenth floor was tall enough to be able to see over several of the buildings at an expansive view of the Upper West Side facing Central Park. No matter how flustered I felt in this moment, he would never be able to tell. He only agreed to see me not because he wanted to, but because he was fulfilling an obligation to his friend. I looked around the room, desperate for something to say. Then, my eyes widened as I recognized one of them. I said. Forget dignity, I should probably just get out. I finished rather lamely. Instead, he looked as if he was trying to suppress a smile. I wanted to bang my head against the wall for not remembering that. Even online, I could find his photographs but not much information about him. strange. "I'll see you tomorrow morning. Jake's our best friend. Then, I sat down on the edge of my bed watching the hands of the stupidly bright clock ease their way past the start time of the ceremony, my eyes so dry they could crack as I listened to the slowly deafening ticks. Mainly though, I'd rather not. Eleven years, to be exact. Last time, I'd barely survived. But grief stems standards like you wouldn't believe and that day I should, by rights, have died of alcohol poisoning. In a way, the need to clean myself up was my salvation. Had I been sober things would have played out very differently. I barely noticed the scrap of a just-teenage boy standing beside her in grotty jeans and a t-shirt with a gaudy alien on the front, until she tugged him possessively closer at the sight of me. Hesitation is a very dangerous thing indeed. Most of us do, if we're honest about it. The boy whose arm she had her talons dug into looked me over with puffy, blood-shot eyes and a slip of recognition hit me. Sobriety would indeed have helped a lot. I squinted at her, heartbeat in my throat, nausea building. I knew I was more accurately anti-social, or as I'd come to realise – dysfunctional, because for the past eleven years I hadn't been functioning at all. I mumbled, as if she was offering double glazing rather than my nephew. She was the one person that was supposed to be safe. Grim fascination forced me to try to place him as he tugged shoes on, stuffed his boxers into his pocket, but I realised I couldn't do it. His lips smacked into mine wetly before he turned and sauntered down the corridor, pushing past the confused social worker and Ewan, leaving me just as stunned as their presence had rendered me. It was novel, as if I'd been body-snatched the night before; something I could not revel experiencing with Luscious Lips standing there. The tilt of her head provoked an urge to hit her, but instead I forced an icy smile and pulled out a laugh from a box of little used emotional responses that I kept stored away for special occasions. He stood there and gave me what for. She wanted rid of him, I could see that even through my headache haze. Ewan was a kid I did my very best to pretend didn't exist at all. And that is precisely when my life began to change. That was my purpose – to make it comfortable for only me. To him I was just an anonymous shit who was too cheap to get on a bus or a train. It only hits when I think about certain things – when life gets a little too much to take. For all I know, I never made it further than the pub on the corner, but the presence of that man my aching brain was steadily erasing made that unlikely. This boy made me feel like drowning. Even so, I don't pretend to be blameless; it can't have helped that I made such an effort to push everyone away. Just the day to run out of pain killers. I knew too well what happened if you started letting go. Grant wishes"? You kept me here as your glorified pet? Minute! Alairn grinned as he stretched. He rubbed his eyes and then looked again. She was cool. He'd tried apologizing, he really had. Beware the fairy of the lake"! So what? It's true! Yeah, it was still funny. Now quit stalling". He liked Tioth. Even I'm not that stupid. You're free to go. Not for a second. I like you. The red beaded belt at his waist kept them from slipping off completely, but allowed for the strips of fine cloth to part over his shoulders, exposing his chest. His chest itched from where the red paint was drying rapidly in the gusty winds. He barely heard the man over the chaos of his own thoughts. Of having his heart beat and breathing in the loamy smell of the river swiftly running underneath him. Palms facing the sun, he gave up the imaginary offering of his soul to the gods, and then crouched slightly. His fingers met with more coarse cloth that seemed to be bandages of sorts over the worst of his injuries. Everyone knew it was against the rules to talk to sacrifices. But never were they to directly address him. Although, if it took enduring this kind of pain constantly, Tam wasn't sure he wanted to enter the spirit world this way. They never, however, talked to him. Free from relationships with those who were meant to live. His white hair was held back in a braid and his eyes wrinkled at the corners as he crouched down next to Tam. Actually, the priests had often gotten very angry in his presence for that. He wasn't certain what he'd done to offend the spirit, but he knew that whatever it was, he never wanted to do it again. Slumping back onto the hard cold ground covered by the coarse cloths and big furs, he fell into a fitful sleep. But he'd not been a part of the crowd, and never standing at the center of attention of one, facing accusations. Still, it seemed strange that his new body was already in possession of so many injuries. But then again, if he wasn't a spirit, what was he? His bewilderment must have shown on his face too, for the elder's expression darkened considerably. Another sharp blow landed on his already sore stomach and Tam slid to the ground. He may have said he'd take Tam, but he certainly didn't look happy about it. Sacrifices weren't allowed to be anything but pure, so even if he'd had an opportunity to act on such an inclination, it wouldn't have been permitted. Tam, however, only made it a few steps before the man who had attacked him earlier, struck out a foot, tripping him and forcing him to the ground with a discreet thump to his lower back. Opening the flap, Yasel set him down long enough for Tam to gain his bearings before pushing him inside. It was nothing new to be ignored, but going without food would be tricky. he finally croaked, figuring that the easiest way to make everything make sense was to at least establish that he wasn't this Rin character. Yasel had touched him more in the last two days than he'd been touched his entire childhood. He kept quiet and he kept to himself as Yasel finished the meal. The farther he could distance himself from this Rin, the better. The knife slid under the ties of his tunic and Tam watched wide eyed as Yasel cut them in one slice. And slowly growing angry. Once there was a decent sized spot there in the center, he turned to Tam. Tam shivered, but he didn't open his mouth and he didn't scream. Then Yasel's hand snaked down over Tam's ribs and abdomen until it grasped at Tam's limp cock. Even if it didn't look like his body, it was still the body he was in, and since he'd never been touched in that manner or touched at all for that matter, he was shaken at what Yasel had managed to excite out of him. A quick maneuver, and Tam was half wrapped in the bloody blanket and thrown over Yasel's shoulder like a fresh kill once more as Yasel strode confidently out of the tent. To face the prying eyes of so many who obviously thought more had occurred within the tent walls was a disgrace he wasn't up to enduring. He pulled first a blanket and then a fur over himself and huddled in, trying to get warm. He went in small increments until his nose was mere inches from Yasel's chest, and then he gave into the small shivers that had been building up all night. Shivering, he pulled back the covers to find that the fire in the center of the tent had gone out which explained why it had gone from merely cold to mind numbingly chilly. In fact, it was nicer than what he'd worn the day before and the leggings fit much better. Turning them over in his hands, Tam shot Yasel an uncertain look. He was having a hard enough time not stumbling stupidly over his words as Yasel pinned him with a gaze and spoke directly to him. Tam's face turned red as a hand landed on his shoulder and steered him back to the boots. Tam held himself stiffly, trying not to move too much at the light touches and willing himself to not watch Yasel's face as the man inspected his. Tam was what was left behind and the sooner Yasel could accept that, the better. His toes needed room to wiggle and it didn't seem right to walk the earth without being able to feel it against his soles of his bare feet. In fact, the fur felt wonderfully nice against his toes and they were warmer than Tam had guessed they might be. Finally, Yasel stopped up short, pulling Tam roughly by the tunic into a tent much larger than theirs. he quietly ordered Tam. He quickly decided it didn't matter though. The children were enthralled, and Yasel moved between them, inspecting their skin, peaking into their eyes, ears, and mouths without getting a word of complaint from them as he did so. Pity Yasel seemed to be having a harder time with the concept. Taking a flint and some tinder, he had the blaze going in no time, but none of it seemed to gain Yasel's attention. There were all kinds of drawings, symbols that curved around in a circle until they reached the center of the hide. Hopefully the answer would be enough to distract him from the fact that Yasel was touching him. He tried to shove the hand off, but all he got for his efforts was a peculiar grin out of Yasel. Tam had seen other sacrifice candidates beaten severely simply for touching themselves in what was deemed inappropriate ways. But he couldn't quite shake off the rules that had been indoctrinated in him since his birth. Sacrifices weren't allowed to live. Was there even a point to it all? Granted, that actually put Tam more at ease than upset him, but that didn't change the fact that Tam didn't think Yasel was too terribly happy with him. They weren't meant to have impure desires, and they most certainly were not supposed to act on them. Tam had abandoned his tunic before sliding under the covers, mainly because the ties cut into muscle aches that were still healing, but it was obvious from the way his skin connected with skin that Yasel had decided to forgo wearing his as well. The words were breathed on his neck and Tam squirmed some more as they had an effect on other parts of his body. He had to do something to get his mind off they way his body was reacting. At first, all I could concentrate on was how cold it was or how angry my father would be if I came back emptied handed or how upset my mother would be if it took a full turn of the moon for me to become a man. I wasn't injured, so I couldn't figure out why I'd go to the healer's tent straight back from my first solo hunt, but I couldn't seem to stop myself. All my attempts to draw you out, to get to know you were met with dull eyes and disinterest. He could feel Yasel's heart beating against his back, and he whimpered as Yasel pumped his cock to meet the speed. It was as safe a bet as he could make that Yasel was there. There were ten more children in addition to yesterday's five as well, and Yasel was in the far corner of the tent checking their eyes and ears as they squirmed. It all jammed in his mouth as he started to talk and came out,  instead. Tam's eyes honed in on the redness of Yasel's wrists though, and before he could stop and analyze what he was doing, he'd squatted down next to Yasel to get a closer look. But in grabbing Tam's tunic, Yasel gave him a better opportunity to look, and sure enough, on Yasel's wrists was the beginning of the telltale rash. he said quietly, subdued. Limping his way back to their tent, Tam got on his knees and pulled out every pouch, pot and jar he could find that contained medicines looking for the stuff that had saved him as a child. He was done feeling bad about something he had no control over. After falling sick, he'd spent a good couple seasons silently following his own people's healers around like a pale ghost. It spread like wildfire, and Tam would not be surprised if half the village was already coming down with it. Feira was laid out beside the children as well, and Tam suddenly realized that with fifteen children, this had the opportunity to become a rather daunting task. By the time he'd helped Feira take a sip, he was not looking forward to the dosing of the rest of the children. The question didn't merit an answer. By the time he turned his attention back to Yasel, the rest of the children had been dosed. Smiling grimly, Tam gamely grabbed some more jars and advanced on the closest child—who immediately tried to scramble out of reach. he started before realizing that he didn't know which story to tell. And you children will be the first to hear this one. The rains fell regularly, and the ground provided everything the people needed. At the very least, they all needed doses from the oilskin and there were still several jars of the salve left over for them to use. It was just that with the medicine, he wasn't likely to die from it. Since the moon was almost full, and the light was bouncing off the snow on the ground, it wasn't hard for Tam to see who he was faced with in the night air. Turning, he went to walk away, when Getnan's foot shot out, tripping his bad ankle. Too much abuse in too short of a time had taken its toll. Yasel shook his hand a couple of times, trying to get the sting out, before he turned to Tam. There was a window of opportunity, and it had closed before Tam had even entered into the picture. And if Yasel didn't want him, Tam wasn't going to stick around. Instead he just gently, detangled Yasel's hands from his person and lay back down. Maybe he'd finish what Rin had started. Yasel was just trying to prove another point to the nonexistent Rin. Any resemblance to real-life characters is mere coincidence and completely not my fault. . Therefore, as I was a happy-go-lucky kid, I am a happy-go-lucky chick. I really don't know where she picked it up, but the truth is that she has it and rocks it. Meanwhile her trusty lady in waiting – me – bakes the goods and mixes the lemonade every single night. Don't ask me where she picks this stuff up, I just bake the goods. She always is. Especially men. I've seen it. I love it. caretaker. And he's looking at me right now with a mixture of 'good one' and 'you're a little bitch'. I've regressed to checking out the customers. She just has this thing about her. I think this is flirtage right here. she informs him, still smiling cutely up at him. My fingers are just skimming over a rather gaudy song from the 'Little Mermaid' soundtrack, one which encourages Prince Eric to kiss the girl, when he speaks. Then you'll be creepy and I'll be able to tell you to fuck off. he requests. Oh, my God. There's a six year old right next to me! . I'd asked our neighbor booth lady, Mrs. Lancaster, who sells ice-pops, to mind her for a second, but apparently that was unnecessary. The fuck is wrong with me? He looks as if he's going to say something to me, but can't because he starts laughing all over again. Yeah, I remember that she found it distinctly funny when it happened. I take the candy and nod my head in acknowledgment of his well played joke and he tips an imaginary hat at me before repeating the motion for Ari, who unwraps hers instantly. When I look back at him he's still looking right back and I'm still mildly embarrassed so I turn to the iPod dock thing for something to do, skimming through the playlist for today. nice about him that is what's doing me in right now. Leave it to me to get a crush on one of the customers. I need a grip like now. Jesus tapdancing Christ above. Leaving me alone with little Mr. Handsome here. That's just my luck. Especially when he looks at me with a cheeky little smile, like he knows what I just did. He points wordlessly at it, clearly wondering about the choice since it isn't exactly kid-friendly. Then Clara got fed up and thrust her upon us with barely any notice and we've had her ever since. Task which will invariably fall to me and I really don't like dogs. Because I am the cupcake slut, crushing on the nice married man. I wonder if all this charm is how he got his wife to want him. . Instead, she thought he was a creepy stranger, one standing in her way of making an emergency phone call to get her car fixed after it had not so gracefully died on her in the middle of the road. Instead he was staring at it with such intensity that she was sure he was not only some homeless man, but someone crazy too. So she found herself knocking once more. He was attractive—if he wasn't crazy and all. There was a perfectly good one right in front of her and she be damned if she wasn't going to use it. Somehow she found herself lying on top of him and both of them groaned in pain. It took another hour for them to walk to her car, for Wyatt to look under the hood and tinker with the engine, before they both set out for the road. They didn't support his decision of dropping out of medical school to pursue a dream of being a photographer. Anything one does in the name of love is always considered stupid, according to Paige. Wyatt's backpack. She was about to press the buzzard but someone left the building and allowed her in. She felt ashamed of eavesdropping, but at the same time she couldn't help but listen. They went back into her car and Paige started the engine and drove off. His heart and mind was elsewhere. Solitude was her course. She should know. Perhaps he snapped. Then he followed her into her apartment building. She just never thought the bed was going to be for a permanent roommate. He was also in the kitchen, making breakfast for the two of them all the while whistling as if he was having a great day. Then, he took a few steps forward, a small smile formed on his face as he leaned towards her, arching his back a little so he was face to face with her. It unsettled her how he made himself so comfortable at her place and how she was powerless to stop him. She handed over plate, which Wyatt happily devoured as well. It sparked a marathon of monopoly playing that lasted the whole night and the two of them feigning sick so that they could sleep in and not go to work to recover from the game), Paige grabbed the other end of the blue shirt and they shook on the bet. Wyatt also checked her room every day to make sure she had clothes everywhere and that she did not make her bed. Wyatt was falling in love again. Look at the divorce rates and everyone breaking up left and right. Already having experienced the failure of a long distance relationship, Wyatt didn't want to hold Kaley back, so he let her go. After talking about Kaley, the two of them would start telling stupid jokes and singing horrible love songs together. So he waited and patiently took whatever information she offered him, believing one day he would know all of her. Her head was fuzzy and she was still out of it, so she found herself revealing bits and pieces. Grabbing the beer bottle Wyatt was holding, she took a sip. She felt something wet on her cheeks. Paige's heart began to beat erratically and she was suddenly very afraid. Instead of being silly and idiotic, he was passionate and dedicated. Each photograph of smiling faces tells a story, that moment of happiness that they wish to last. Paige hated having her picture taken and she always yelled every time Wyatt captured a picture of her. Wyatt came across a few pictures he took of people taking pictures of their friends, posing in front of buildings and statues. Unexpectedly, Wyatt swung his arm around her neck and pulled her face towards his. Wyatt was strong however, and she couldn't move away from him. It was also about the quiet moments. Tom was also an artist (painting being his forte). Tom couldn't fathom how Wyatt could get close to a girl like her when back home Wyatt surrounded himself with more outgoing people who lived their lives as if each day was an adventure. His friend was happy and that was what mattered. She would try to avoid going to visit either one of her parents, and if she was let off the hook, she would order take out and spend a quiet evening at home in solitude. That first year, Wyatt woke up to the sound of turkey crashing to the ground and a string of expletives coming out of Paige's mouth (which became tradition). It was also the first time that Wyatt realized Paige cared for him, despite all her rhetoric to the contrary. Paige's gift was a little statue of liberty, to remind him of home. The guys soon became part of the holidays, coming over to share dinner with them. Wyatt's gift was always another photograph, and Paige was always something to remind Wyatt of home. At work, she focused on her students, and she would only talk a little with her colleagues, but she never had lunch with them or went out for drinks. As time went by, Paige found herself having company for lunch and she soon had friends at work. Nothing could get him down. Yet, with Paige, she made him see those he never saw before: the quiet ones in the corner, the ones who were shy, afraid, pained—the ones you never notice, but once you did you wished you noticed sooner. In the end, he always came home to Paige who would always be sitting on the couch with a cup of tea, ready to listen to his complaints about the girls. She thought her uneasy feelings were perhaps disappointment over Wyatt being just like everyone else, proving how fickle love was. She was a singer and song writer who would perform on stage every so often. Alexis looked up at all the commotion he caused and the next thing he knew, she was attending to his wounds (a scraped hand) and he ended up spending the whole day with her, waiting for her to get off work, and then walking around town talking. He told her that Paige was one of his best friends and how his adventures in California often had her by his side. Her heart ached at the thought. They would all reveal their answers and see who matched Wyatt's answer. She noticed how Wyatt laughed more with Paige, how Paige knew so much about Wyatt and vice versa, and how Wyatt was so considerate when it came to Paige (like picking off the olives from a slice of pizza before handing it to Paige). Wyatt always seemed to set aside a day of the week to hang out with Paige and she realized how he kept his Saturday trips to just him and Paige. When her insecurities finally got the best of her, she found herself suggesting that Wyatt moved in with her. There was a sense of urgency within her and she felt she would lose him if she couldn't get him to say yes. She had the pictures of the new apartment in a manila envelope and she was going to casually put it on top of the pizza box so that when Wyatt came home, he would see it. So, she thought, why bother with finding another place? And suddenly the fear that disappeared so long ago was resurfacing. She braced herself. It didn't feel as new to her or foreign as it did the first night Wyatt left. Yet, she refused to cry just like how she refused to do so many things. She couldn't help the pain that came along with his goodbye and she felt she was being abandoned all over again. He felt her pulling away; closing off to him and it was enough to break his heart. It had something to do with the aching in her heart, the fear that the feelings she had was more than friendly, that she wasn't just missing him, that maybe she was feeling more than she ever felt before. Each time she saw him checking his cell, looking at a book but not reading it, picking off olives on his pizza, or just looking at his pictures… She knew he was really thinking about Paige. She chose the latter. He then opened his eyes and, not bothering to wait for her response, he smiled up at her. He broke her heart and sealed her belief that love was only a momentary feeling that never lasts. He had gotten married only a few months ago. Once she was away from him, Paige excused herself to go to the restroom and once she found privacy in a stall of her own, she sat there, trying to get rid of the old memories that suddenly replayed in her mind. Sighing, he answered thinking that one of the guys from the band must have gotten massively drunk and gotten in trouble with the bartender. Paige rarely drank, mostly because alcohol would make her lose control and let down her defenses. By the time they reached her place, Wyatt was tired and Paige was almost unconscious. She brought her two hands together to make a loud clap. she said right before she began to cry hysterically. Hating to see Paige in such a sad sight, Wyatt sat closer to her and took her into his arms, hugging her tightly. Not wanting to think what was awaiting for him later that night, Wyatt just wanted to focus on the girl in the next room. And something within him stirred and he knew that things weren't the same between them and it wasn't because he had moved out. She wouldn't remember the forehead kiss he gave her and how he lingered by her side, his eyes revealing feelings that were always dormant, finally coming up to the surface to be realized. The moment he entered through the door, she knew that she couldn't pretend anymore. She saw the pain, the regret, the reluctance, the self-hatred, and most of all the resignation to what he had to do and say. Once it became dark, her doorbell rang, and she opened her door to find a tired looking Wyatt holding a takeout bag. He was trying to focus the conversation on her, asking how she was feeling, and making fun of how drunk she was. He would always confide in her, but for some reason he wouldn't now. Wyatt still lived with the other boys and Paige kept herself from asking him to move back in. But first she needed to make sure her heart wouldn't race for him anymore, that she would ache to hold him, to lay her head on his shoulder, and to not want his hands to hold hers. That part of him, ultimately, was afraid of losing Paige. He did all he could to prevent himself from totally grabbing her and hugging her, never wanting to let go and wanting so desperately to never have to. He just needed to wait for her to settle away her fears, to show her that he would always be there. He thought that they could perhaps take a step towards to how things were, for Paige to finally start feeling comfortable with him once again and perhaps to show her how great it was when it was just the two of them. No one was ever invited when it was just the two of them… Until now. And he knew he couldn't take it anymore. Paige was speechless, part of it due to his closeness to her and the other part due to the sudden seriousness of his demeanor. She decided to play dumb. His gaze narrowed in on her and he stared with such intensity that Paige felt hypnotized. The hands on her shoulders slowly dropped down and found themselves on her back, pushing her closer to him. Reluctantly, her hands moved to his shoulders and she did her best to push him away. She had to be able to risk it for him too. She had received it a month ago, right before the moment Wyatt officially walked out of her life. It was a big night for Wyatt. Everyone else knew something was going on, but thought it best to leave the two of them to figure it out. She would read magazines that listed the broken marriages of celebrities, how one actor was hooking up with someone else. She first thought it was the remote control, but that was already sitting before her on the coffee table. Only when he saw something really great would he bust out his huge camera to take a better picture of whatever it was. She was out the door before she really knew what she was doing. She took a picture of a dog peeing by a tree, of a jogger running by her, of a mother pushing a stroller, of people sitting outside a coffee shop. Paige took pictures of kids playing on the swings, bikers going by her, of families having picnics, and people playing basketball and tennis. As the wind blew by hair, Paige sighed. He would be going through his digital camera by now, enjoying what he took and wanting to show her everything he took, despite it being about 500 shots to go through. And he would somehow convince Paige to do it all with him, despite how she would find it embarrassing to do so. Two people a few feet away from the bench caught her eye. He kissed her hand before smiling up at her, and the woman laughed before leaning in for a kiss on the lips. That was her last shot. Looking at the couple, who grew smaller and smaller in her vision, Paige began to laugh in giddiness. Once she finished, she ran out the store and headed back to her apartment to quickly change. Once she had the pictures in her hands, she just found herself running to the gallery, despite it being several blocks from where she was. Her hands felt clammy and Paige gripped the packet of photographs as if it was her only tether to reality. Looking at the photographs to her left then her right, Paige couldn't breathe. Even without reading the brochure, she knew… No, within her, she felt what it was he was trying to say. Before the photograph was a little white block that served as a bench. You could tell from the picture Wyatt was taking the picture of them. His lips tilted up on one side, and he gave her his signature smirk. He made no move to touch her and Paige didn't as well. His thumb wiped away a falling tear and Wyatt leaned in. I just need to feel as if it's done and it is, flaws and all. I hope to start posting things once again, but more writing oriented instead of just blabbering on with my life. I believe this is my longest oneshot yet. . Some facts or other things may be wrong, but tell me and I will change them. ), my brother moved to Belgium with his girlfriend, and my mom passed away. We lost both our parents but since David adopted us after he married our mother, he was now our legal guardian and out of anyone in the whole world I'd choose him. But that's not the point. By family, I mean: Keira, Keira's father Benjamin, Keira's mother Irene, Philip Colburn, his wife Lynette Colburn, and of course Matthew and him. Ryan made friends with Matthew, who's now 21, and he got along pretty well with him, but then he had to go off with that slut and move away. That made him run around in a towel for twenty minutes and then we got lectured…again…so I had to give back his clothes. Ugh. Ugh,  Yes, I was,  He began. They probably went off dancing somewhere. Maybe to avoid assholes, people who are just like Brandon. Why am I so miserable? I liked it when I was like ten and I just had small crushes that didn't matter because I couldn't date anyway. Back then he wasn't as annoying and jerk-like, but now I hate him. I promise it will get better. Purely for my own amusement and that of my loyal minions. Yet when the bombs did begin to land, it didn't truly take much time for citizens to get used to being under fire. When there's a war going on in your backyard, when every radio broadcast reveals that the invaders are encroaching on your homeland, bombs filling the night sky with the loudest fireworks you've ever heard, you don't really contemplate whether or not it's nice to be happy about America's misfortune. All of the Asian countries had diplomatically offered safe haven to any Americans seeking to protect their children from the war. . I'd had better ways to spend those hours, myself. I had always had a thing for musicians, and damn, were these guys hot. I didn't pay much attention to the tall brunette standing next to the singer (the bassist, I noticed) or the guy sitting behind the drums (who I could barely see), but focused instead on drooling over the guitar player. I forgot to cheer as the song came to an end, and just lost myself in staring at Mr. Gorgeous up on stage. I was already sweaty, severely bruised and losing my voice, but I couldn't bring myself to care. I screamed as loud as I could, both hands in the air, clapping with the rest. And suddenly I felt terrified. And it wasn't a question. And a mosh pit just wasn't dangerous enough for me anymore. . Because, if I was bored with my life now, I shuddered to think how bored I would be if Tina wasn't in it. . Or the kick-ass concert I'd just seen. When she told stories about rockstars she had slept with and bands she hung out with, I couldn't help but wonder if I could do that, too. The other being my boring life, of course. . . She stopped walking before we reached the bar and took my hand, leading me into a secluded corner where we would most definitely not be overheard. . . Or lack thereof. But I think I slurred, just a bit. It gave me a weird, foreboding feeling, like she was plotting my murder or something. Storm was one of my favourite bands of all time. And failing. I paused, looking around the pub suspiciously,  I finished with a whisper. When she did it. NO! I was just, you know, plain. She smirked at me. . The second bottle of wine was already gone, which also made it harder for me not to crack up. I breathed, gasping for air. I, on the other hand, thought of it this way: if I got cold feet, I could bail and she wouldn't have to know. . . But the little things like the setting (the story's timeframe is all over the place), and the age, and the personalities will be different. Please remember as well that when I started and finish this story, it was my first original work and I was but a child :') There will be many mistakes and my writing has hopefully improved since then. Having come back home last night at one o'clock after a late shift at the supermarket, I had collapsed on my bed, utterly exhausted and lacking the energy to have a shower. I could have used the one downstairs to brush my teeth and wash my face, then I would have had a quick breakfast before rushing off to catch the bus to school. So different to my sister. Only in my case, the ugly duckling won't turn into a beautiful swan. I was taller than the other females in my family, past 5 feet 6 inches, and Lorraine was very touchy about this, seeing how she was a year older than me yet barely managed 5 feet, high heels included. They judged me before they know me. Then I realized that towel that he was drying with was MINE! ? I barely caught the flicker of irritation in Jay's eyes. Review and let me know! She had to be. I can't wait"! It really was getting hot. He grinned. It was starting again. Yes, I actually purred! A drug! He took a step closer. "It was that! Thank you, Flawless Storm. He never broke a promise. Creatures of the night still howled and the stars became more and more visible in the darkness. Got there as soon as they could. And totally pissed at the Devil for taking the life of a man I vowed to take myself. But, not my family. Do something to make the whole ordeal seem like it meant something. Something memorable. He wasn't the same guy that practically stole my brothers away from me. And it pissed me off. And his piercing, dark blue eyes were still smiling. I missed him. I spent so many years and so much energy into hating him. To just be with him. He was serious. He suddenly smirked. Hope you enjoyed. When I catch you (and I most definitely will), you will be sorry. Thanks, and enjoy the story! And to Stocie, of course. I followed his eyes. And then I revealed my middle finger. All I knew was that he was a jackass—a jackass that ruined my mission for the night, a mission that could have potentially wiped out half a dozen of the enemy, a mission that included three baby bottles' worth of Clorox mixed with two-percent milk. Before he had the chance to draw closer to my house to question my negligent actions, I was already up my trellis, through my bedroom window, and asleep for the night. And she was tactless, too. I whispered. Just like everyone else. Possible arsenic, if I could get my hands on some. . I was bike riding back from school when four raccoons scrambled from the sewer and began to chase after me for not one block, not two blocks…but for nearly half a mile, right until I rode up to my front door. And if it was war they wanted, I decided nearly five months ago, it was war they were going to get. You could get rabies. He giggled almost spastically, and gave me a little wave. A nasty paper cut along the wrist? I worded tightly, keeping my head low. With his dark hair combed neatly and parted on the side, his slacks tailored just right, and his threadbare sweater clinging to and showing off his well-sculpted chest, he looked like he was ready for some serious wining and dining. Hope you like it. It was against the rules for them to be hunting a vampire without the supervision of a more experienced member but they wanted to prove their worth. They were far too powerful. Sarah moved slightly and her leather trench coat groaned with her movements as it stretched across her back. You were either to survive or die. ! It wasn't too long before he jumped down as well and gave her a not-so-amused look. This wasn't an assassination; it was just a practice for her, a very stupid one at that because she picked on the wrong vampire. She ran out of cartridges. She almost fell on her arse as she stopped abruptly to see the same vampire standing a few metres in front of her, his red eyes glowing in the semi-darkness. She opened them to find the vampire directly in front of her. ? How could she find ten willing humans to get their necks chewed? He seemed to know what she was feeling and smiled against her hand before pulling away. She sank to the ground and leaned against the wall. She quickly put her leather glove on her right hand to cover the mark the vampire had put on her. And, he was her best friend. She scratched her hand again. All the cars where naturally fast and extremely expensive; they had to be if they hunted vampires all the time. Sarah sighed as the double doors opened and Mitchell stood there, his brown eyes dangerous and his brown hair was all tousled from an abrupt wake up call. Mitchell narrowed his eyes. He stared at her. Oh, he doesn't know. Samuel and Brody stared at each other before looking back at Sarah in confusion. Sarah groaned in frustration and pulled her pillow over her head. Bloody brilliant! Thank God. How could I fall for such a stupid trick? Of all vampires, why did she have to get marked by a reader! She jumped for it as he pulled away and ended up in his lap. What was she supposed to do? I need your opinions! I hated all of them. I screeched. Once I got to know him, he was different than I expected; people say don't judge a book by its cover and it's true, the exterior disguises their true being. A guy around six feet came to face her; he pushed her up against the lockers. a, a hickey. He was jerk that went around sleeping with girls and might be passing around STDs for all I knew. It made me want to barf. I know disgusting. Great I was pinned by Satan's Spawn. I breathed out heavily and sank onto the bench. I waved at Trent and Mitch and sat down next to Hannah. She knew I meant Ryan. Mitch asked from where he stood next to Hannah. Mitch, Trent and the rest of the team went to get changed and before trying to find Ryan. She grabbed her bag and smiled at me. I gagged. I smiled at him and walked over to him. While I was insulting him in my head I didn't realise the shout from the guys behind me was for me. We don't give a damn whom the girls were, we would rate them and give them numbers. Then she had to open her trap again, I prefer my girls, to only have their mouths when they are leaning in front of me. She may be sexy as hell, but that mouth needed some training. He threw it without my consent at Leah and she collapsed to the ground. I could see her underwear from where I was sitting; I really wanted to rip it off her and dig my finger deep inside her clit and teach her lesson but that all went away when she breathed very softly. The bitch is back! I straddled her and pinned her arms to her side. I bit her bottom lip and pushed my tongue onto her lips but she refused to give me access, I felt her hands trail up my chest and wrap around my neck. I looked at her and her lips were bruised, she started to struggle again; so I pinned her arms above her head again. I walked over to her and threw it on the bed. I closed my eyes and fell asleep. They would gang up on me no matter what I said so why say anything? People actually paid me to do it for them since I didn't know where they lived or we weren't close enough for me to go over to their house or them to mine. What annoyed me was that they could've had a group of three since our teacher allows them but they chose not too. I could probably get her permission to work outside of class. Yeah, right. For that matter I don't know why I didn't stop Bridget when I had seen that that iron was too hot. Especially since I'd been feeling mostly frustrated and hurt ever since he decided we needed to take a break. As I caught myself putting my hair behind my ears and then moving it back to hide the hearing aid I tried to think of someway to change the subject before she started asking how I became deaf. She shrugged as she turned on to my street. Chloe giggled and Bridget smiled which led to Tiffany mimicking her. I guess they weren't going to let that go for a while. I kept my face blank and my eyes on my plate. I began to chew on my lip my eyes back on my plate my ears straining to hear his response. It might be cold out there but at least I wouldn't have to hear people talking about me as if I wasn't there or too stupid to catch on to what they were saying. She was nice enough but as leader to the Pink Panthers, an all girl gang at my school, she was not someone to mess with. Someone didn't like me. I had learned how to take people's nonsense from the best and they did it because I was their friend. Well, technically that's not true. You see why I might be scared shitless of sitting at a table with a bunch of girls who've wanted to bust my best friend's ass for the past two years. He was one of the scariest guys I have ever had the misfortune to have to go to school with and I tried to avoid him as much as humanly possible. I had almost cried the year I switched T.A.P.s and learned that my locker would always be just on the edge of that hall. That's what you got for wearing a wife-beater in October in Canada with only a thin zip-up hoodie over it. Instead he had freaking Puss-in Boots greenish gold eyes. I knew sick meant good but I wasn't sure when 'crazy', 'ridiculous' and 'sex jams' meant that you wanted to go to that type of party. He hadn't taken his too-light eyes off of me since he had reached the table. Another nervous habit that I didn't know about, soon I'd start plucking hairs out of my head or something else weird and unexplainable. I had expected to be cussed out, not to receive an apology. The fact that I had plans that didn't involve her didn't strike me as amusing. Sadly A.J. didn't seem to have that hesitance as he followed her. Because only an idiot would purposely bring those two in the same room much less include them in the same discussion. Bridget snickered and then comprehension seemed to dawn on her. I mean, I had known she would be irritated but a personal attack was not something I was prepared for. I stood there as the bell rung stunned that she was going to be mad at me because instead of waiting for who knows how many hours for her to come and pick me up I had decided to go out and meet new people. On the plus, even though I'll probably update this sporadically, my chapters will always be decent sized or long. ) with a bit of drama thrown in, nods hope you guys like it and much love to everyone who has added me to their author alerts/favourites and WDC to their favourites, it's much appreciated. The words that changed my school year. My legs started to hurt so I tipped myself backwards so I'd land on my ass. They were pretty mesmerizing. Figuring he wasn't going to do it first, I stuck my hand out. And then I looked confused. I shrugged. Whatever. I blinked. I frowned. He pouted. I couldn't help the stupid grin that showed up on my face and I knew I didn't even have to think about my decision. I have stupid friends. My friends will chase him away before my personality does! He looked at me expectantly. I shuffled my feet at the responding silence and finally I looked up, he was smiled softly at me. I refuse to believe that though and just go with the happy shock and smiling shyly with a small yes coming from my lips. I wished, fervently, that I'd taken the time to write them down. Huge wrought iron gates flanked the brick at the apex of the drive and I pulled up to a small speaker box on a decorative pole. The name meant nothing to me, but I agreed as I was, at this point, pretty desperate for work. I remained numb in my seat, staring at them as they decidedly refused to meet my eyes. Read: nil. The curved archway underneath glowed lightly with recessed lighting, highlighting the great oak door which I now approached. Her gray hair was cut stylishly short and she nodded at me politely. Each had a vase full of red roses atop it. Looking up I could see all the way to the third floor, a balcony overlooked the enormous room from each level. Currently it was empty. Maybe a little young, but who expected teachers to have the sort of salary that would allow them to buy fancy suits? Other than that, I had no idea what the job would entail. I immediately felt schlubby and underdressed. I silently thanked all the schools that never hired me for the interview practice. I couldn't quite pin down what felt off to me. Not for the first time I thought about how out of my league I was. His dark hair was casually styled and he had a few days worth of stubble on his very strong jaw, doing nothing to hide a very prominent cleft in his chin. But I remembered then that Gwen had told me that Mr. Carmichael was out of the country…perhaps it was his father. she asked. I turned to Carolyn. I shook my head. I hoped she'd warm up to me quickly. Also, I've changed it from 3rd person to 1st person narrative because I really prefer to write that way, so if you see a wayward  or something, please let me know! . . That's me. My natural habitat for sure. You must be aghast. I'm as screwed up as they come. . Near hospital. Pricey. Satisfied, I shut down and fell asleep. p. I thought so. It was scary. What if one of the rogues in the room was? It was kind of creepy really. Every wall was painted white, no wallpaper. The floor wasn't so bad. Men. Even when he couldn't find a job for months at a time and we were running out of money to pay the monthly rent on our apartment, he still remained incredibly optimistic. I knew that he was nervous not only because it was a new job and a new restaurant, but because it was Bollinger. The houses, the trees, the entire landscape seemed to scream at you with how much this place was overflowing with money. He had more to worry about than my fear of fitting in to a new school. Did he mean that gigantic house with a gated driveway that was next to the apartment complex? Her hair fell to her waist in perfect, glossy curls. It just fit in with her whole neat and tidy appearance so well that it hadn't registered in my mind that she was wearing a uniform. Meanwhile, Alaina continued to speak. As I followed Alaina out of the apartment complex and to the parking lot, however, I suddenly became aware of how much I might stick out in my new school and quickly tucked the key underneath my tank top, out of sight. I doubt anybody at Mapleridge High, my old school, had driven something quite like Alaina's car to school before. Of course. The buildings were constructed from large gray stones, and there was greenery all over the school that made me feel like I was in a scene straight out of medieval England. I guess we were virtual strangers, and I suppose that she was trying to get a read from me as well. She gave each one a brief smile, a nod, a casual wave of her hand. As the three of us entered, Mr. Wagner himself looked up from his plush red chair where he was filling out some paperwork. His gaze shifted to me next. There was even a fireplace next to the file cabinets that stood behind a fire poker set and a suit of armor. She was slender but lean and looked like she didn't have an ounce of fat on her body. Instead, his eyebrow merely rose slightly in what seemed to be amusement. Both the boys were wearing the tidy white shirt, slacks, and navy blue tie that I had seen all over school that morning. This, of course, made me feel even more annoyed. Nolan, on the other hand, never stopped looking at me. Nolan had held my gaze and then looked me up and down to appraise me in a way that made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up out of annoyance, but I didn't have the time or desire to analyze that. Even as I watched Alaina's long brown hair swing as she walked toward her class, I could see that she had fallen in step with the two boys at Nolan's side, and they seemed to be talking together as they walked to class. I bet he was really popular with the girls of the school. Regardless, enjoy it and please let me know what you think. The ice that would lie hidden by the inviting white blanket, deadly and dangerous, and for the first time, she wondered idly how she would get to her mother's on time for the lunch she had planned. Her life was chaotic, constantly moving, and though she embraced it, she found herself wanting more. She was his sister, the only reason Grayson had tolerated her, the three year age gap that separated them made significant by his obvious disdain for her, and Grayson had taken away the close friendship she had with her brother. He made her laugh with his endearing jokes and endless wit, and for hours after the conversation had ended, she would find herself smiling softly, contentedly. Grayson had never been able to deny her mother or her cooking. Gently, she sat herself on his bed, crossing her legs beneath her. His stomach was flat and there was a thin line of dark hair that traveled the length of his abdomen, disappearing beneath the sheet. It hurt, but it was a pain that she kept silent. She was aware, always so aware, her body traitorous as it succumbed to the heat of his eyes and fingers again and again. He wanted to kiss her, he was going to kiss her, and she felt her eyelids growing heavy. He tightened his hold, his other hand slipping into the thick dark brown waves of her hair that tumbled down her back in casual disarray. He turned on the lamp that rested on the nightstand and stood up, and she felt her jaw drop. He noticed and turned towards her, one large hand on his abdomen directly above the zipper of his jeans. His hands were fire on her body, smoothing down her stomach, her abdomen. Slowly, so slowly, his thumb brushed across a hard nipple and she moaned, her back arching. She moaned, and he kissed her neck again as he slid one long finger inside of her. But he held her down, his fingers moving quickly within her body, his thumb brushing across the swollen protrusion that ached. He coaxed her orgasm, pushing her higher and higher, and she was gasping and shaking and thrusting against him. He pressed her against him, and she could feel him, so close to that part of her that ached for him so badly, and she moaned as she felt her orgasm increase with intensity. He groaned softly, pressing a soft kiss onto her neck. She had licked her lips, an unconscious invite, and he had followed the movement closely, his body tensing, his eyes narrowed. He had only laughed at her. She heard the front door of the building slam shut, heard the heavy footfalls as they traveled up the stairway and down the hall, and released a breath she hadn't realized she had been holding. She heard him move inside the apartment, soft footfalls, and the sharp sound of metal scraping against metal as he unlocked the door. His eyes were dark as they traveled the length of her body. Gently, she pushed him inside the apartment and he let her, watching her as she shut the door behind her. She released him, pulling down his trousers enough so that he sprung free of confinement, big, bigger than she had imagined, and beautiful. His fingers tightened around her head, and he thrust upwards, shuddering as he emptied himself into her mouth. He wrapped his fingers around her bare thighs, caressing, loving the feel of her. She smiled softly, smug and tempting, before stepping out into the hallway, shutting the door behind her. She was mysterious, private, and he found himself wanting to be close to her, observing, learning. It had quickly become a ritual between them, and she experimented with different recipes, though he seemed to like her Italian creations the best, sometimes throwing a few cookies or a piece of pie into the container along with the meal she had prepared for him. They were permanent residents at the hospital, each one diagnosed with a different technical term, one cancer, another leukemia, another some complicated medical term, all terminal. She smiled at the receptionist, a pretty woman in her late 40's. She grumbled as he reached for the container. He groaned happily when he opened it, noticing the slice of chocolate fudge cake that she had added. She sat back down, smirking as he moaned theatrically. Though she was sick, Carol proved to be quick witted, eager for a debate, and Jordan had made it a point to visit the woman at least once a week. They took the elevator to the fifth floor, walking down the twisted corridors of the hospital before stopping in front of a wooden door. Grayson only laughed. Jordan glared at him. They were movies they had seen hundreds of times, movies they could quote, knowing the next scene, but their Friday movie nights had become a ritual, a satisfying end to a stressful workweek. At least in her mind. She had seen countless women, beautiful women, throwing themselves at Grayson before. Her eyes widened when he began to unbutton his shirt. With her back pressed tightly against his chest and his large, muscled arms circled around her, he buried his face in her neck, not moving, just breathing. He only shook his head, knowing what she was thinking. But when he was vulnerable, more human than Roman god, trusting her, looking to her for comfort, it was those times when she loved him the most. And when she picked up her head to look at him, slender fingers running through his hair in a comforting, soothing motion, her forehead resting against his, his restraint shattered. He broke away from her, his large hands caressing her back, her thighs, resting his forehead against her own, his breathing harsh and heavy. His hard body tensed, sensing her presence, but he didn't turn. She smiled softly at him. He was so beautiful, so hot against her, possessing her so entirely, so completely. So enchanting. He wanted to lose himself within her until the only thing that existed in the world was her beneath him, him deep within her, thrusting, connecting. He licked at her, sucked at her, so erotic, so beautiful. She moaned into his mouth, breathless and carnal, and his control shattered. She was panting, her eyes a sensually dark shade that reminded him of sapphires, and still he couldn't stop slamming into her, his thrusts lifting her hips off of the bed. The sounds excited him, and he moved faster, harder, and he was close, so close, but he wanted to feel her squeezing him again as she came. Her arms wrapped around his neck as she tried to slow her breathing, her heart pounding so erratically within her chest, and he held her to him, his body drained, his hands trembling. The weight of his body trapped her against the sheets and it felt so good, his large body surrounding hers, protecting, so sensual. She felt him move, slow and gentle, his length swelling and thickening within her. He was throbbing within her, but still he moved slowly against her. His eyes met hers, dark and intense, and then he was kissing her again, his body collapsing onto hers. She fell asleep in his arms with a small smile on her face, and his arm tightened around her in response, keeping her close to him, and then he was joining her in sleep, his arm around her, his body surrounding hers, protective and comforting. Thanks. Well done. This is not something I do with pleasure. The youths recruited have applied to enter. It is then, in their fifth year, their choice if they wish to continue their training, and then be enlisted to the Armed Guards Forces, or if they would like to leave the Academy and pursue their own career path. You'll be flying that simple, light aircraft in no time. Train with former NCISA officers and be able to figure out why John Doe got murdered by Jane. Thankyou. Before I even put on my seatbelt my dad started telling me that we had to be there early and I wasn't helping. Jamie'd gone to sign in, or whatever it was that he'd decided he needed to do when he checked out the secretary behind the desk. You got it"? . Bad boy. It's aggravating as hell. Like helping people carry in boxes, or take out the trash, or tutor some of these morons as if there's any hope of them ever caring what the hell the Pythagorean theorem is. And she still does it, day after day, letting them walk all over her, still confident that somehow she's  and  and all that feel-good shit. ' you know what I mean? Almost. Now, she hates me almost as much as I hate her. She's one of those intolerable over-achiever types, getting a degree in Communicative Disorders so she can be a counselor for kids with special needs. And she was a Girl Scout, and calls her family every week, and she sings in her church choir, for god's sake, I mean she actually goes every Sunday, what the hell is her problem? She keeps her cool. I don't know if there are any, but it seems like the kind of thing she would have. They're the reason 'nice' girls like her have to get into contact with 'nice' expecting mothers groups. ) pulls the door closed, wrapping his arms around her. Still, I want to hit her for being so damn stupid, and them for being such asses, and- hell, I just want to start swinging. Jocks get off on cheerleader fantasies, everyone knows that, how could she be so STUPID? I say as much before pausing for breath, and in the brief silence she makes a very big mistake. At all. On second thought, maybe they planned it that way. That shouldn't be a turn on). But her voice still gets softer when she says it and I really hope my face doesn't look as stupid as it feels like it does, because that would be sad. Definitely tolerable. I'm practically living a chick flick. I am Ben Affleck. The cupboards were painted by various students of Ms. Wilcox from various cultures throughout time; an Aztec god, a Chinese dragon, a replica of Van Gogh's , and an icy-looking chess scene depicting the king and queen — the two most powerful pieces in the game. Val had always been afraid that he would bring that the weapon down in a killing arc, like the blade of a guillotine, and cut off her head. No surprise there, since he was constantly getting the book thrown at him — not literally, but it looked like the teacher was considering giving him a sound whack with his easel. Val didn't know his name because he never spoke, but he seemed different from the rest. It was as if he didn't want them. He moved with an almost awkward grace, like a tiger cub with too-big paws — one that could be grown into with age and experience. He never smiles, she thought, heart pounding. They rarely paid any attention at all to the freshmen. And his smile. Val hissed, setting her paintbrush aside. It came off in flakes, like old blood. That earned her a shove that nearly sent her toppling from her stool, and Lisa's paintbrush slipped out of her hand. Painting relaxed her, especially after her Spanish class with half the frosh football team. . But he was staring. He looked strange without them. Why am I blushing? A lump formed in her throat and she threw a nervous glance at the closed doorway. Bubbles of panic erupted, as if from an internal vent, and she tried pushed him away. She shook her head helplessly, dislodging the tears clinging to her eyelashes. The boy did not jump guiltily or release her, but she saw his jaw tighten. Or something else? Val never saw him again. And if Valerian seems more immature, remember that she's only fourteen in this chapter and seventeen for the rest of the story. But at least not hate him. God – that would be beyond humiliating. But what about Humility in the name of Lust? Humility is a virtue. Humility is a virtue. I leaned forward and glanced up at the sky with a slight smile on my face. I gripped the porch railing tighter, and I was already smiling slightly when I turned my head to face him. I said, quirking an eyebrow. Without saying anything, I held my hand out and watched in satisfaction as he handed it over silently. I scolded and pocketed the pack. I felt his eyes on me, but I refuse to make anything out of it. I glanced at him for a quick second. He chuckled quietly and shifted, shoving his hands inside his winter jacket. A habit of mine when I'm really nervous. I asked, feeling like it was my turn to speak. he said after a moment, filling in the silence. I closed my eyes longer than necessary before I swivelled around without thinking. At first I figured it was because of his personality, his behaviour, just basically the way he is… but then when it didn't leave under certain circumstances, I realized it was something totally different. She wouldn't mind, right? I shrugged, not bothering to hide anything this time. I demanded whilst crossing my arms over my chest. he shrugged. I moved away from him and sat at the edge of a bed after I turned the lights on in the room. I need to get out of here. I was barely two steps out the door when I felt him behind me and my breath caught. I found myself staring into his serious and worry-filled eyes. I repeated. I felt numb and I couldn't move. I made it into the crowded area and inwardly cheered, knowing he wouldn't pressure me into answering such a ludicrous question in a room full of people. Laughing, I poked his cheek. I filled my small plate with a few sliced fruits and chocolate chip cookies. Little quirks separated us from being exactly alike, but other aspects also made us so much the same. We want to work in the medical field. She'd rather go shopping than spending her free time at the library, something that I'd do (even though she loved that place as well). I said. After winter break to be exact. I watched her leave, giving off a huge sigh of relief and slumped into my seat, nibbling on my cookie idly as I replayed my responses in my head. He never looked at me like that. he hesitated before dropping his gaze to the cup he was holding. I said flatly. I finally said. I heard him call my name but I didn't stop until I reached the porch outside and instantly looked up at the sky. He exhaled loudly and I felt lousy. This was stupid. I watched him check the insides of his jacket for a while before producing a rolled up sheet of paper. I read slowly. he said quietly. I didn't think much of it, even when Keisha smiled brighter than the sun when she received hers. I snorted at his words, feeling my eyes go wet and I knew a sob was rising to my throat so I swallowed thickly whilst rolling the sheet of paper up. I wanted to hug him. He caught my look and smirked slightly. We were inches apart. Her face slipped into one with worry once she noticed our silence. I didn't look at him. My eyes were hooded, and I knew I needed a good cry when I got home. But I couldn't. I knew Keisha had a bemused look on her face. He knew what for. I pulled away, ready to turn around. Give it some lovin' (: Oh, and feel free to point out stupid mistakes I didn't catch. Content to simply lay back and stare fixedly at the curious black mark on the ceiling while the two guys in the room with me did whatever it was they were doing, I found myself rather irritated to hear persistent knocking on the door again. Blurry, unfocused eyes met lust filled ones and I blinked to try and recognize who I had somehow ended up with. The guy in front of me placed his hands on his hips and cocked his head to one side, tsking softly. These two guys were serious, and I was in real danger. His other hand ran over my breasts roughly and I whimpered, fear making me tremble. Somehow, he managed to do all of that without removing his hand from my mouth and I was reminded almost bitterly of how strong he was. He had to take his hands off of my mouth to do it, and I found my voice again, buried behind a wall in my throat. The hand between my legs cut me off before I could say anymore and I gasped with shock, jerking against the fingers that were now flush against my bare flesh. It was reality, and I was about to experience it. I cried out as my knees cracked painfully against the ground, trying to throw my hands up to break the fall. Another rough tug on my arm brought me back to the present and I struggled feebly to comply with Richard, but my legs couldn't support me and I crumpled to the carpeted floor as soon as I made it to an upright position. This crippling inability to move was too much for me to handle. With a sound of disgust, he dropped my wrist and walked briskly out of the room, leaving me crying in earnest, my body curling into itself on the floor. I could trust him; I knew that. When he realized that I was clad only in my panties, his hands shot back up to my face and he forced me to look at him again. Swirling colors, arms pulling and tugging, leading me upstairs; lights dimming, sounds…confusion. I shook my head, mute. He immediately slipped a hand around my back to hold me up. If I had any sort of grasp on reality, I would have tried to force him to put me down, but instead, I simply snuggled into his warm body, drew from the heat that radiated off of him and the strength that he held me with. When he tucked me into his car, leaning over me to strap me in, I slid my arms around his neck and refused to let him move. When he got in and started the car, the anxiety that was making my heart race finally began to subside and with a sigh I settled back into the leather seat, drifting to sleep as he drove me away from my most recent nightmare and into the dark night. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author. It's not a particularly heavy or deep, but it has its moments, so I thought I'd share it. Cars racing down that street, heaters on high and visions of fuzzy blankets in the drivers' minds, splashed frigid water up onto the curbs. She shivered as she let out an exasperated sigh. It rhymed with chucking. But a hurt is a hurt, and it still stung. Their  were sort of lost on her, as she'd fully embraced the modern lifestyle. She smiled charmingly and batted her eyelashes, small raindrops collecting on the long, mascaraed tips. She felt horrible for them as she slipped through the door, knowing those poor souls were going to have to try and stay warm in this mess. The man moved aside from the entrance of the club and indicated to the woman collecting everyone else's cover charge, to stamp the trio of girls' hands. Several guys noticed this too, and April was whisked away to the dance floor before she could start doling out the drinks that she'd promised. Jessie sighed again and was at least grateful that soon she'd be warm and sweaty too. His eyes drifted to her chest, and stayed on her chest, as he cocked his head to listen to her yell out her drink order. The bartender grinned wider at the two racks put on display for him and poured another round of drinks. It was an impressive feat to watch and Jessie's slightly slow mind laughed at the sight. She allowed herself to grind with the older man, but immediately broke away from his grasp when it became obvious that he was enjoying it a little too much. Approaching the dark, stained bar, Jessie wished him luck, but she had no intention of being an easy score. Each man was obliged with a swift kiss to the cheek and an intimate turn on the dance floor, but not much more than that. It was more his face. Her drunken mind suddenly wanted to be swimming in those eyes. The alcohol freely flowing through her veins made her think she looked amazing. As Jessie was still staring, he smiled briefly before bringing his vision back to the table, his smile a little bigger. Seeing their confusion, Jessie nodded her head at the man. Jessie swung her head back around, hoping her friends hadn't scared him off, but he was still there, shaking his head and laughing a little as he stared at his table again. Luckily it wasn't enough to twist her ankle, but it did jar her step and she stumbled and started to fall. He was just…spectacular. She picked up her foot, the insole mostly dry by now, but still a little squeaky, she was sure. Even in her drunken haze, it pleased her that he focused more above her neck, than below it. she asked, in a way that really didn't sound like a question. A little surprised at her immediate attraction to this unnamed man, she shook her head and laughed a little. As hers were nearly pressed into him, she had to back up a step. His mouth dropped open a little. It sounded way more forward than she generally was, but…there was just something about him. His free hand trailed down her bare arm and she shivered, even in the heat of the club. By the time his smile was loose and easy, his hands casually slipping over her body, Jessie decided to move their foreplay to the dance floor, where his fingers all over her would be a natural thing. Her sloppy mind could quite easily picture doing all sorts of intimate acts with him. Letting her earlier fantasy of kissing him fuel her, Jessie shifted their heads until their lips connected. And…she was really drunk. Unlike the pervy older guy she'd danced with earlier, she wouldn't mind feeling some of his hardness grazing against her thigh. She groaned and leaned against him, their already smashed together bodies connecting even more. As their lower bodies shifted slightly, she could feel his need for her pressing into her body. And his erection pressing just above her pubic bone, felt really good. Again, she was shocked at her own forwardness, but she was still too drunk to care about it. He removed her finger and crashed his lips back down to hers. He did not disappoint her. Girls got killed that way. Bringing her eyes back to Jessie, she shook her head. She giggled and leaned into April while Harmony answered her question. They always turned the feature on whenever they went out together, just in case they got separated. With that, she sloppily kissed Harmony on the cheek. Folding it in Jessie's hand, a smile blossomed on her face. April shrugged and smiled, twisting to rejoin her group of flirty boys on the dance floor. As she scooted away, Harmony called out. Even sloppily drunk, she was still sort of cautious. She knew then, that bedding this man was the only thing that was going to happen tonight. She groaned as his palm cupped her bottom. It didn't help that she was so ready for him, her underwear was a sodden mess. As the metal contraption lifted into the air, he pressed her against the back wall and started nuzzling her neck. She gasped as he pulled her through it, and then groaned when he immediately slammed her back into the closed door. Her philandering boyfriend had frequently been none of those things. Shrugging it off her shoulders, she let it fall to a heap at her feet. Just as she gasped and expected to crash into a hard floor, she bounced on a springy mattress. She wouldn't have cared if they were screwing on the floor after that. His tongue swirled around the nipple, his teeth lightly tugging, and she arched against his hips, writhing in torturous bliss. She moaned again and clutched his head to her. She was drunk enough that she could ask for it too. She ran her hands down her front, squeezing the breasts he'd placed so much attention on earlier. It only emphasized his attractiveness. When her lips were firmly wrapped around that glorious manhood, he cried out and clutched her hair. Even drunk, she appreciated it. Ten times what Jeremy had ever given her. Jessie sighed, her body, numb from alcohol and an amazing orgasm, enjoying the sensation of his plunging deeply into it. He looked up then, his eyes drifting to hers watching them in the TV. He sucked in a quick breath. Hard alcohol did surprising things to her. he groaned and then his hips slowed over her, a low cry escaping him. Oops. He swallowed and repeated what he had just said. It showed all her feelings; pain and confusion. She turned to face him again when she was about ten feet away from him. Please don't hesitate to leave a review! I'm not hiding. I grit my teeth. I ignore him. Now, I hope you enjoy! But I didn't see any cheesecake. He'd get in trouble for the lack of cake. He pushed me aside, swept into my room, and took a seat on the desk chair, propping his feet up on my bed. I grumbled, shoving a bite of the cake into my mouth. Lay down, Evelyn". I muttered into the pillow. He patted the pillow. But Seth, being the upstanding male that he is, laughed it off, introduced himself properly and informed me that if I ever needed a personal thermos to let him know. He's always been available to act as a human thermos, and his hand has never strayed an inch higher or lower, but only ever stayed squarely where I put it, only his thumb moving in gentle, soothing circles. In my head, she's always been Vixen-bitch, and rather than slip up in front of Seth, I stick to calling her Vee. I whined. I can't just go out and find the next guy and turn him into my boyfriend. he said, handing me the remote. He eyed me warily. I put my hand on his shoulder. I looked back at him, lips pursed, waiting. He took another swig from the bottle. And the few moments we had spent together in the course of that time had sent my heart into jackhammer mode. And somehow, against my better judgment, I decided to come see how he was doing. he said, his voice quiet. It burned going down, but it felt good. I looked away. I was prattling now. His face was eerily close to mine. His mouth was soft and moist, but still somehow firm and perfect, and I felt my eyelids flutter shut as my body responded to the kiss, moving against it's own accord, following the direction of my heart not my brain as I moved my lips against his. All I could process was that this was perfection. His girlfriend had just broken up with him, only hours before. We couldn't ruin our friendship for this…no matter how much I felt for him, I could never stand being a rebound. The ones that I had blatantly ignored. Especially during our last encounter, when things got awkward to the point that I had made it my goal to avoid him. By this point in time, he was more than used to it. I admitted. I agreed slowly. I said, my heart fluttering in disbelief at the decision we had just made. I said, my mouth twisting into a grin as I nodded. he asked. I sighed happily against his lips. I asked playfully. Yes, it was probably a bit fast and there could have been more development inbetween, but it was all up to the characters on this one, and that's the way they wanted it to happen! One foot rested against the leg of the stool, while the other was left dangling near the floor of the stage. Unfeasible. Maybe he just didn't show it. He looked tired; upset almost. As he scanned through the crowd, his eyes fell on mine, and he hesitated, then continued to eye the crowd down. whatever that's supposed to mean. Not exactly my idea of fun. Help our chickens find jobs… buy chicken down covers. I kicked away a pile of clothes which had tangled themselves around my foot, and made my way slowly towards the bathroom. Ah crap… where did the railing go? Because my butt happens to be sitting on it. ! In my world, eighties punk rock did not fall under the category of music. Settling into a wooden chair, I attempted to stuff as much toast as I could fit into my mouth before trying to talk (rather unsuccessfully). Well, she asked for it. Please note that it is never a good sign, kids, when the parent flares their nostrils. It would also explain where our bottle of Virgin Olive Oil had gone- into stopping naughty children like me from slipping away like an eel after, well, being insolent. What was I thinking? don't particularly like the sound of that. If you do, you require a new set of eyes. So I have pieces of toast stuck to my hair, my scruffy old sneakers on my feet, and my oldest (favourite) shirt on under a disgusting sweater my gran probably knit me in fifth grade. oh, oh, woe is me! I was kidding about the bridge before, in case you were wondering. I'm quite a healthy young thing- a bit on the plain side, but healthy none the less. stop looking at me as though I'm grime off the bottom of your shoes you little twits! I'm dead proud to tell you I am one (and no, I never lie). At all. The suckers! Momentum never lied and heck, as far as I knew Newton never lied. The bus driver stopping oh-so-considerately for them. Oh about one. You've already had more attention than you want for the day. They usually made a corner of the back page of a local paper if they were lucky. so I looked up, and found myself physically stuck to my plastic seat by the sheer intensity of an angry glare. . even himself. When would they ever learn that holes never open up when you want to be swallowed? it was a voice made for the devil. The nerve! Then, as though on second thoughts, he grabbed a crisp white page and slashed its jagged edge down in a fluid arch. ! I stood up slowly, my heart was thumping crazily against my ribcage as all eyes gravitated towards me. I thought he would have staggered back, but all he did was slowly turn his head to look at me. Well, that's what he reminded me of. It seemed everyone was holding their breaths in one collective intake of air. Only a wretched spectre peeking out of his eyes- eyes rimmed in perfect darkness. Endless and unapproachable. Heck, I'd even wash his tiny shirt for him. I've seen a viper act more vulnerable than him. Remember that. I am a survivor! Nuh-uh. and with soap, no less. Oh and please review, they make me smile and feel all warm and fuzzy inside. Marina Guerrero and the Terrible, Horrible, No-Good, Very Bad DateBy Devonny AurielSecond date, my ass. I needed a minute to collect myself over the most ridiculous night of me life. The only men I go on dates with are friends I've known for awhile, or they are a friend of a friend. What could go wrong in one date? Then he proceeded to stall his car the entire ride to the restaurant. God, it's one of my worst pet peeves. I doubted he would have the nerve to ask for another date after the disaster of the first, but even if he picked his balls up off the floor and came to Filipiano's I'd just have another waitress handle him. I wanted to get home as fast as possible, and I wanted the satisfaction of hearing it. I saw those familiar, skinny legs pop out of the ugly, broken down Corvette, and I knew instantly that I just made the hugest mistake of my life. I cursed again when I saw the huge dent in his car. Somehow I still didn't feel great. He inhaled deeply. He saw the expression on my face and folded his arms. He plugged it into his phone and slipped the device back in his pocket. He looked as if he was about to say something but after a second of debating he walked back to his car. From the bed across the room my roommate slammed her hand on the snooze button. She was virtually a carbon copy of me, except while her hair was long, mine was cropped short at my shoulders. I grew up in Seattle where the most popular used language was not talking to anyone if you could help it. But it was so late at night, just this once I thought it wasn't necessary. I let out a groan. Unfortunately he called back within a few seconds. Alita jangled them, my familiar University of Washington keychain sticking out. He'd go to the most expensive repair shop in town. I was always a sucker for bright blue eyes. I couldn't tell if he was checking me out as a woman or as the woman his friend failed to date. I didn't want to explain the travesty that was the night before. Date over. Owen sent him a deep glare that make the larger guy tremble. The entire ride to the movie theater was spent with my window open so I didn't have to endure wet dog. A full hour after we left my apartment we were finally on our way to the auto shop. It was time to take Alita's advice and pump up the flirting. He reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet, pointing to a picture. He left the car quickly, an intense blush covering his cheeks. The past couple days were not turning out how I wanted them to. I'd be dead. Somehow I didn't think Owen was going to bring me home without throwing a gift at me, so my best option was to go to my cousin. Alita clearly did not get the message, and put her hands on her hips, surveying Owen bluntly. While referring to me as , which just meant , wasn't too insulting, the  that followed was not the world's best compliment. It sputtered along. The only good dish at Torreros. I wasn't too hungry. Abandoned me in the theater for awhile. And as long as the insurance company had no problems, I would probably never have to see Owen again. A lot. I left my apartment at 8 o' clock and reached the park twenty minutes later. I cooed at him and bent down, scratching his ears. On top of his head was a Mariners baseball cap, shading his eyes. I'm sure I was sweating like a pig. Girls can choose the weirdest names. I strained to retrieve the memory of that night and recalled him mentioning something about his dog. I saw him before he saw me and I tried to hide, but unfortunately the aisle of a grocery store isn't very concealing. As she continued to talk I lifted my hand. We exchanged pleasantries all while the girl stared at me. I must have not heard her correctly. It seemed so out of order, yet didn't surprise me. – was doomed to be forever awkward, I felt. It was sitting in the cup holder of the shopping cart. Then it was quiet again. It wouldn't make great conversation so I merely smiled. I decided to free him. How those two worked together I didn't even know. He suddenly looked at me and I blanched. School started up again, I was given a ton more hours at work, and worst of all, my mom got sick. And I was sure that I would be murdered before the end of the night. Reluctantly I brought the stack over to her, making sure the insurance bill was on the bottom. I stuck only to quick conversations so I could get to work on time and all my homework done. My insurance bill. What was going on"? It took me several minutes to get the courage to call, but finally I pressed  and waited for him to pick up. I would simply have to deal with not knowing. I hoped not, but being that I never saw him there again, it was a possibility. After all, Alita and I had agreed that there was no reason for me to feel bad about our encounter. A girl I met in class, Kaylehn, told me about this band that was playing at the local club that was worth going to. As soon as she recommended the place her eyes darted across the room and she seemed to go off in her own world. She was completely decked out in a slinky outfit that showed off her breasts and curvy lower half. I was never one to go all out. I snorted as two of the guys let their eyes trail obviously to her ass. I asked what the name was and she laughed. She mentioned her friends name again, referring to something about Riley and Logan, and the sense of dai ja vu sprouted again. For a band I had never heard about – more or less – they seemed pretty popular. Riley followed my look. I quickly inhaled my beer. Even though Logan was the singer, and probably far more entertaining to watch with his antics, I still stared at Owen. She pointed her head in the direction of Owen. She was suddenly off in her own world again, glaring into a corner of nerdy guys. I filled her in, trying to be as blasé as possible, and asked again what she was going to say. I thought Owen wanted nothing to do with me after I was a royal bitch. I was starting to get the idea that Kaylehn did not approve of – what seemed to be- a relationship between her two friends. Alita was too busy waving at some more boys to notice. It worked wonders on him. Then, out of nowhere, Logan popped next to Riley and put his arm around her. I had to resist the urge to bury my head in my arms in embarrassment. It hurt and my body arched forward on the impact. . Owen's eyes trailed to Alita, who was busy glaring at him. Owen grabbed my hand, eliciting a strange spark, and pulled me away. I couldn't tell. I coughed, and Owen, being the gentleman he was, asked if I wanted to walk around instead. Plus, the aggravating bubbly feeling in my stomach wouldn't go away, and the more I looked at him, the greater it felt. Owen steadied me, placing his hand on my elbow. I always enjoyed having to look up at guys, even if it was only a little. Owen planned to be an engineer, and he knew the other guys had other aspirations. Unfortunately the bright city lights made it impossible to see many stars. Suddenly I remembered the mystery of my insurance bill. I blamed it on him for sitting so close to me and making me concentrate too much on his lips instead of what was coming out of them. Owen noticed almost immediately and sat upright, nervous. A strange scent on a guy, but I liked it. Finally I let go, wistfully mourning the loss of his sweet scent and the feel of him pressed up against me. He let go of my hand to reach up and cradle the back of my neck. And I know we kissed again, and again, because the next morning I still felt the tingle on my lips. I think the entire time I started having strange feelings it was me being interested in Owen. A great guy. Just thinking about it makes me angry. We'll see how that goes. But the question is, just who will that seventh girl be? Nearing the end of the school year, each alpha would choose a junior, who in turn would become their successor. The cycle never ended nor did it change. It may have taken a week or two to decide, but they did decide, and he was in. I mean, who'd give up the opportunity to be one of them? The new alpha would have to choose a girlfriend eventually, and boy, did this cause havoc. They went wild. Or rather Microsoft Word (which I don't own…just in case). Well not overly cliché, but I'm betting you know the storyline already, eh, eh? A/N: THIS STORY HAS BEEN REMOVED DUE TO PLAGIARISM. At the 'Heartz &amp; Rosez' chapel in Las Vegas, that was where it bloomed and Roy was the gardener. He knew marriage was forever. And the move-back-in would commence. She set a package of papers on Roy's desk and left, the gum popping as her heels clacked on the floor. The number was dialed before he took his next breath. Then he returned to Nelly briskly. Like an inventor, maybe. And she doesn't realize it, but I flirt back. I just know it. I refuse to take it back, she grumbles something underneath her breath that I cannot hear but I'm pretty sure it's an expletive of some kind, then she turns and leaves. She still has that goofy smile on her face and I'm beginning to think the smile has nothing to do with me. Because I don't really care. She's happy because Preston proposed to her? I glance down at her hand (she has piano fingers, long and lean) and I see no traces of a ring anywhere. Nice to know he'd set some aside to buy an engagement ring for his girl. Love is blind and, amongst other things, stupid. I do not know where it's coming from. They would retire the moment they turned fifty and as soon as they shipped off the last kid to Harvard or Stanford they would move to Italy or France where they would live out the rest of their long, healthy lives drinking wine and playing cricket or whatever it is old rich people play. She inhales sharply and purses her lips together. Who could be better than Preston Fucking Waters? In so many words. Her expression is blank as her eyes close briefly – so briefly, it could have simply been a blink. I think she was under the impression that guys were just out to get into her friend's pants. Who hated my guts. Making her life a living hell. I am the one who wants to bash his fucking face in right now. So I grab the back of his jacket, and I tear him away from his public display of adulterous affection. It hurts like hell. Back to high school, when I hated him for different reasons. She lied to me. Why the hell would she lie about that? I know she and Preston used to picnic together here all the time. Why did I care if he was cheating on her? Because I'm a jerk, and because that is exactly what she would have expected from me. All this time, I've been under the impression she still worships the guy. I used to torment her, and now I'm starting to ask myself why. I'm noticing it now, and I'm berating myself for having not seen it before. We're just existing, side-by-side, as two people who aren't friends, but who aren't really enemies either. And the ball is now in someone else's court. In the meantime, I enjoyed writing this, whether it was good or not! ! Wait, and soon you'll see me, Connelly High's bad ass black-wearing chick from hell, crying her eyes out into her pillow. It was sometimes hard to believe that we had been friends since we were ten. Well, that would be because good-old Cole, my dearest friend, was on the soccer team. Ah, the sweet joys of life. It was a brief thought, however. Such joy. It happened to be my favorite movie, and I rented it once a month and tortured him with it. Ugh. Who was I to argue with that? I know she's been after Cole for a while, but you have to respect the guy, so far he's dodged every one of her advances successfully. All the girls were after him. In fact, I'm pretty sure I'm the type of girl that if mothers knew their daughters would turn out to be, they would start mourning the second the baby was born. Never. And, I suppose, my outspoken attitude and my foul mouth didn't help, either. School was over in a week, did we really have to deal with this? Assholes. Ah, and what a sweet life that would be. He's not very good at handling stress. Yet she throws a sandwich into my lunch bag every morning, declaring that my bag of Twinkies and Coca-cola weren't healthy for a growing mind. Ugh. A few minutes later, I spoke up. I knew he was going to have a hard time of it tonight, so I fervently vowed to be extra-super nice. He always threw all of his weight at the team, and he made this game into a life-or-death situation for them. Taking a quick look around I noticed that there were only about a dozen cars left and I recognized the beat up Honda on the right as mine. Walking back into the school, I stared at the ground as I went by, hoping to see those keys attached to a Goth Mickey Mouse keychain. That is if I ever find my goddamn keys. Cole was in there, and even if they started trouble, I could take care of myself. I stood by the bleachers on the inside of the gymnasium, and the sound of the team bustling about was loud and clear in the large, echoing room. . His eyes widened marginally while Grady and the others snickered and nudged each other with their elbows. With as much grace as I could pull together, I looked him right in the eye. The only world I had ever known was shattering, and I was powerless to stop it. I fumbled and scratched the paint on my door more than once before I finally slid the key home and turned. , and I regretfully and instinctively knew that my Mom and Dad would be up watching a movie in the living room when I got home. Maybe then they wouldn't see the tears that threatened at the seam of my eyes. She would always ask a million questions about the day before she left me alone, but it's her god-given right as a mother. . To have his manservant give him a back rubdown would elicit pervy thoughts in Bunion's hairless head, especially since Jaiden had found Bunion reading yaoi-ninja doujinshi once. Bunion sighed and rested his face on his palms. Follow the big signs. Because I'm weird, that's why. Having known him for so many years, Mina wondered why he was still such an enigma. Then Mina caught her opportunity when she noticed a flash of sadness in his eyes. That remark and Kit's smile burned Mina's cheeks. Why is one-sided love so painful? I want to be like them too, with you Kit… Say something Mina… confess to him! Oh god, I've been reading too many cheesy romance novels. Everyone claimed to love her curly waves but they didn't know the trouble she went through to keep her hair from resembling a clown's wig on dreaded humid days. Alissa was in Tokyo with her family for spring break. Girls like Mina were best-friend, girl-next-door, and nothing more material. She's older than Kit! Rrraa! Instead of saying that, Mina just smiled and shrugged before she too stared out the window. A girl could have her fantasies right? Stealing someone else's boyfriend! Love was nothing when money ruled Emi's world. Mina blew the bangs on her forehead and made strands of her hair dance. Emi Lin as an investment… why not? Mina took a sip of her orange juice when Kaila finally replied. Or did she find me in a dumpster? Mina just needed time, a little luck, and a whole load of hard work on her part. He's oblivious… Oh Kit… what should I do? Danni grinned and waggled a finger at Mina. Rumors were spreading about how Isabelle wasn't really a lesbian and how she only used Danni for a popularity-boost. In a sense, Danni had more of a macho-male personality, with the sensitivity and intuition of a female—the best of both worlds. If only he suddenly needed CPR, then she'd have an excuse to… Mina shook her head. And a whole park-full of girls in French-maid outfits lining up before a table. Holy boxers… stilts! Hmm… I don't watch porn! Her little journey ended when she fell face first on a pile of mud (also placed strategically) and the murmurs of the crowd could crush her. He bent down and studied Mina as if she were a Martian with man-boobs. I wanted my Prince Charming to stand out, not fit in. I wanted someone that I knew I could trust, and someone who could be not only my lover, but my best friend. Her idea of romance is different, to say the least, but I've never been one for sappy - so, neither is my main character. so yeah, I'll be busy. In my eyes, my heart, my soul. I mean really, they're more like muses, they inspire me, when I write music, so I'm a little bit of a punk, but a skater chick as well, and maybe a little emo, and I own one or two preppy tops, so that's why I don't fit in. And I can, I'm one of those girls who knows how to fight, seriously, I'm may be kinna scrawny, 'slender' is my mother's chosen of word, but I can beat anyone up. My perfect man, would look like Silver, but when I say look, I mean only look, because to put it quite bluntly, he's a jerk. - , but I can say, he's got the whole surfer boy look going on. He goes out of his way to be a jerk to me! Sad little boy, with his sad little life. Or at least I think that's what he does. They just needed to realize they were perfect for each other. He was smiling, that smile faltered when he saw Jules, I looked at her as well, she had scratch marks down one side of her cheek. I don't really mean to, but it becomes a habit after a while. Eventually someone nudged her and she looked up surprised that the table was quiet and then she saw my narrowed eyes, Ohhhhhh, she was going to pay. We nodded slowly, and my brother led me to the office, Tal was told to return to lessons, and my parents were called, which meant my mother and Liza came, (Liza being Silver's mother), they had been out shopping and she was my surrogate mother anyway. I worry about our family sometimes. I'm crazy. Freedom, is my air muse, so I stuck out my leg, he fell forwards, landing on the pavement, I saluted him and ran home. It would be fine if someone other than Silver had opened the door. ) liked mud. That's what he did. funny, that is. And instead of giving me mine, he held it just out of my reach, see what I mean when I say he's horrid? WHAT? I hurriedly left the house, that was strange. Not the artificial kind found in air brushed and computer generated images, but true, living beauty. But what he wanted wasn't here. A backpack was sprawled at his feet, and an unidentifiable drink was placed farther back on the table to avoid accidental spillage. Eyes the color of melted chocolate stared at him in surprise and Troy knew he was looking at his new model. Black pants hugged his thighs, though they were mostly hidden from the man's view under the table. He leaned forward to speak softly in the other man's ear, his breath tickling the hair there. He wanted to see the other man's blush repeated many more times, though preferably in situations that had the younger man under him and pressed against some horizontal surface. Troy's eyes gave the retreating figure a quick scan and stored the image in his memory so that he'd be able to recognize the younger man wherever Troy next saw him. He would look ravishing when captured by Troy's paintbrush. He would learn very quickly that Troy Vaughan always got what he wanted. I take a peak at my history book. and polite ones to boot. friends. Soon. whatever this is. I really don't want to know at the moment. Caid clenches his fists, fights back a scream that feels suspiciously like the ones he used to make back before he was Ready To Move On With His Life. He wishes he had somewhere to be besides stuck in this house with Josh all day. Which is most of the time. Josh is probably the rudest person Caid has ever met, constantly needling away at everything. Caid likes to think it's because the jackass has such a big mouth. For whatever reason, Josh doesn't push it, and they sit stoically through Wheel of Fortune. Caid knows she's going to be mad at Josh for not cleaning the place, and only grudgingly tolerant of Caid's lack of chore-doing. she asks, flipping through channels until she gets to a news station. He has ever since Caid came out a few Christmases ago and Josh just laughed himself sick and said,  Tally told him later that Josh had felt bad about it; that it was his clumsy way of being supportive, but Caid never figured out how to let go of the hot sting he felt while Josh laughed away as Caid was trembling and so, so afraid everything was about to go to shit. He excuses himself and manages not to trip over anything on the way back to his room. (Being driven nuts, he's finding, is a preferable situation to sitting on the couch in absolute silence because he can't feel for where Josh has left the remote, and he refuses to get on his hands and knees and run his hands over every surface until he bumps into it. Apparently, heirlooms are doing very well this year. Because, jesus, his hands still work. he mutters, reaching behind him to swing the door shut. It's easy enough to answer: A car wreck, but he still hates doing it. Caid's actually pretty surprised he made enough of an impression on Eric for him to have remembered him all this time. He was probably just being nice. And Caid stomps off towards his bedroom. God, he's pathetic. Ta. Shit. Drunk people seriously amused me sometimes. And also, unfortunately, my housemate. I swear the girl nearly fell off the bar in shock. Tall; lean but clearly well built; dark, ever so slightly curly hair; tight dark jeans accompanied with a black tee; and yes, I couldn't deny that my roommate was attractive. And at that point, I instantly became the third wheel. Poor girl. I waved at both of them. he mouthed. I smiled. Two rings later, a sleepy voice answered. My mother had always wanted us to date, but one, I knew I could never, and two, he had a long-term girlfriend he adored. The first part of his sentence caught up to me then. My heart sank a bit—I loved both of them, but I knew they probably wanted time to themselves, and as much as I was bored and lonely, I couldn't add selfish on top of that. I continued, cutting in before they could start berating me, or trying to find someone to set me up with. I felt something twist in my gut, and I went back to my pancakes. I fought to keep my heart rate down, and reminded myself that this behavior was irritating, not cute. He plopped himself into a chair afterword. And then I piped up. In fact, there had been one or two stupidly drunk nights where he had suggested it as I led him to his room and dumped him into his bed. That I didn't know if I could live with. …hence the slim red dress and black heels I had picked out for tonight. I was just trying another style when Jace banged on the door. I slipped on my heels and strode over to the door, yanking it open and brushing past Jace. I resisted the urge to cross my arms in front of my chest, knowing that would only make matters worse. She continued on her own. I rolled my eyes as the girl giggled. I was really getting tired of this, being his  Wingwoman, whatever. Even though I wasn't. No boob spillage. The slight shiver that racked her body meant it worked. I raised a hand in a wave, and turned back to my movie, still confused. ? Reaching over, I grabbed the remote, turning the volume down on the movie. I opened my mouth to say something, and then realized I had nothing to say, and closed it again. He gave me a smile and a small shrug. There were only a handful of people I felt truly myself around, and the two I was sharing a table with were included in that number. she hissed under her breath. This was a futile topic. Stardust. I sighed heavily, letting myself get lost in the movie. Shit. I never asked what had changed, and I took it for granted that whatever the switch in behavior was made it perfect for us to room together. I tried to focus on the movie. in all honestly, probably wasn't a good sign. Just a star you don't know. C'mon…I think we're safe. Probably an accident. I stretched, and made an attempt to get up. Not in the way I wanted him to be. He returned it wordlessly. It would probably be better that way, anyway. I sighed. I hissed. Surprised, I didn't resist. I sat up. I looked up at Liam, who was grinning. Could Liam actually be right? Apart from that, classes, work, general life carried on as normal, and by the time it hit Friday, I was ready for a break. I was way overthinking this. Handing him a beer as I sat, I put the bag of chips between us and settled down to watch the movie. And then, I was reabsorbed back into the movie, puzzling out riddles alongside Gollum and Bilbo, and then, not long after…the movie was over. But Liam's voice popped into my head, and that, combined with the alcohol, the tiredness, and the fact that I actually really wanted to had me answering,  before I knew it. It was different than the other night, as we were now both fully horizontal on a bed, instead of sitting up on the couch. I shifted slightly in pleasant surprise, and felt him draw me closer, holding me tight to his side. But, with a sigh, I wriggled out from under him, padded softly across the room, turning off the TV as I went, and walked out, shutting the door behind me. —came down to my hip to steady me. My eyelids fluttered, and I could hear my breathing quicken. His eyes still on mine, I watched him tilt his head, and…. Ignoring eye contact, I spun to the offending machine and quickly took my mug out, although at this point, I was no longer interested in the hot beverage. Really, no interest. Behind the closed door, I raised a finger to my lips, where he had touched them with the pad of his thumb only moments before, and wondered…had he really been about to kiss me? Still homework time! Where…Jace wasn't. I said, pointing. I fought back a shiver, licked my lips, and marched into his bedroom, hoping I came across more secure than I felt. His other hand came up then, brushing at the hair around my face, tracing down my jawline, and then, with a gentle tug, tipping my chin so I was looking up at him. I complied willingly, marveling at his skill. Jace groaned against my mouth, and his hands clenched at my hips. A flicker of concern passed through Jace's eyes, and I saw him reach for me. I would not be one of those girls. He emphasized this as though this was his point. He took a deep breath and calmed himself. I was just…  I whispered. he said, pressing his lips against my temple. I offered. My stomach did a little flip-flip, and I smiled. But the payoff was worth it, I supposed. He started making a trail up my neck. he asked, raising an eyebrow. This was definitely good enough for the time being. And it feels good to have written for the first time in a long time. I'd appreciate any support you can give! As per usual, I do not own any of the branded items mentioned, but the characters are mine. Should that day ever come, I will be sure to let you know. Well, he was their best quarterback after all, but he liked to think that had nothing to do with it. He started the car with a satisfying rumble and began to back out of the parking lot. The temperature was always just right and the rain would go on hold long enough for the roads to stay dry. And Eric's parents were far from perfect. He went through the front door and stood in the foyer, gazing up at the splendour that was his home. He always knew how his mother felt without her voicing it. he said, running a hand through his platinum blond hair. He stood in the bathroom doorway stretching his arms, his toned muscles rippled from every movement. He definitely didn't know what was in store for him. She was the type to worry about wet carpets and steamed up wallpaper. Even his computer was clean and straight. . She was dressed in impeccable white jeans, a white tank top and white velvet pumps. They were almond shaped and appeared curious at the moment. He cringed. she said, standing up from his bed. He wasn't willing to get closer to her without being fully clothed. she said, pulling her head back in and shutting the window. he said blankly. he asked. For the past three months, this has been a regular occurrence; he wakes up in the middle of the night, disappears for hours, and sneaks back into bed smelling like other women's perfume. He smells like vanilla and lilies, different from yesterday's scent of lavender. His damp hair indicates that he took a shower, but I still can't get the scent of vanilla and lilies out of my head. I smile at the gesture in spite of myself. Even his smallest touch makes my mind go blank and I momentarily hate him for making me feel like this. I don't miss the flash of surprise that flickers across his face. Mark is nothing if not sure of himself, something that attracted me to him in the first place. Three month's worth of hurt, frustration, and confusion pour out of me, tears that I had never let myself shed before. So where did we go wrong? Mark, who I love, and who I, as of three months go, wanted to spend the rest of my life with. The television is blaring, but I'm barely paying attention to it. But even though his face is perfect, what makes me think that he's gorgeous is the light that seems to come from within him every time he smiles at me. He rubs soothing circles on my back and I clutch his shirt, burying my face into his chest. Whoever this perfume belongs to, she has excellent taste. Smooth Avery, smooth. Something in me snaps and I can't hold back anymore. The fact that he doesn't deny his actions doesn't escape me. He pauses, as if taking my face in, before brushing his thumb over my jaw. There has to be, because I don't think I can handle it if there isn't. But…in spite of all the signs that tell me that he's being unfaithful, I just can't bring myself to believe Mark to be capable of something that would destroy our relationship…and me, in the process. Inwardly, I shiver at the tingles making their way up my arms. I don't feel like talking to him yet. she demands, before I even greet her. I know that I won't have the willpower to ignore it, so I listen to his message. There's a long pause and I'm about to hang up when his deep voice comes through the speaker again. Stupid Mark and his stupid message that makes me want to forgive him more than any apology he could ever come up with. I suddenly feel stupid for caring so much. The sight of them cheers me up more than they should. He seems frustrated, but with himself, not me. Reaching in, I take out an elegant glass bottle, my name written on it in the same gold font as on the box. When you left Friday, I was going to tell you everything, but then you were already in car by the time I made it to the door. "And you must be the best boyfriend in the world. He tugs me even closer, kissing the top of my head. My pack surrounded me, a silent escort to my doom. If the male caught the female then the female was his by right, but if the female got away, she was free to choose her own path. The crack of bones, the elongation of face and claws and then I was standing on four paws. He thought me easy prey; I would show him his mistake. I had gotten away; I had out run one of the most powerful alphas the pack had ever seen. There was no way he would be able to find me now, not with the rain washing away my scent. Being cold for a night was nothing compared to a lifetime bound to a mate I didn't love. Over the last couple days I had visited this cave frequently, I had taken every step possible to ensure my success. Traps that anyone who didn't know where to look would easily fall victim to. They were foul proof. Blissfully unaware of how foolish I was. It felt quite nice. I wanted those hands to touch me there. Our tongues met shyly at first, then more forcefully as pleasure took reign. The feeling was incredible and it only seemed to feed the pleasure. It lightly skimmed across my stomach and gripped my hips before settling over my most sensitive area. The growls in my ear became loader and instead of disappearing, the pleasure from my dream only intensified. The growls in my ear were harsh but possessive, the sounds of a wolf claiming his mate. I could see a mixture of emotion I couldn't name flicker in his eyes before a thick layer of ice covered them. I was losing the will to fight; my body didn't want to do what my mind told it. He just traced little calming patterns across my skin. The independent part of me screamed at me, begging me to make a try for the dagger. His grip on me weakened enough for me to worm my way out of his embrace and make a mad scramble for the dagger. Fighting was what I knew best and I used everything at my disposal to ensure that I still had a home to come back to. The worst part was I was blubbering in front of my alpha, the leader of my pack. Instead of the rumbling possessiveness, it was meant to sooth and comfort. I can't explain it, but it was like someone had lifted a gigantic weight from my shoulders. They were tears of happiness, of hope. Even when he had challenged me to the mating festival I had looked at him as something that must never be touched. He leaned back down and captured my lips in the kiss that sealed our fate. Check out my profile for more of my stories. Didn't they know they were supposed to be swooning? This was awful! The door presumably opened to a small cupboard with no convenient tunnel leading straight to the kind of 'the love of my life has a girlfriend' purgatory I deserved, but it was better than nothing. All I could hear, however, was the continual thump of music and someone telling his mate that tonight he was going to go off 'like a frog in a sock', so it looked like I'd got away with it. No, I decided, the only thing I had to worry about was back-wash. It made me laugh too just because I liked it so much. Pure fluff and written all in one go, I hope it makes you smile. Also, I am a science student and am not taking a literature course so please excuse any grammar mistakes and any amount of corniness. That is if my brother Igor decides to bring home leftovers from his date. It's always been so hard to say no to him. I kept my eyes out the window, ignoring the drunken man as best as I could. As well as for the reeking smell that's giving me major headache. Not that I couldn't hold my own but if I were to punch him I was pretty sure I'd break my hand on his thick red face. There were other reasons passengers would ask for help other than being stuck between the closing doors. My head ended up between my knees and Quasimodo smashed his forehead against the window, his entire body fell onto my bent back, pushing the air out of me. I smiled back and stood up to go sit next to her. Lovely. And the house has no fucking insurance! What could've caught fire on the second floor? I scrambled to stand up and wrestled my pants for my mobile. Fuck me. This was just not my day. So broad, and muscular, I could probably sit on one side without a butt cheek slipping off it. It was impossible to know that it was once my GHD. I don't mind when people mistaken me as a girl, just being treated as if I'm fragile was what usually gets my panties in a knot. It's her time of the month - and she's wearing white. XD But not too much, please. Or up, maybe, if you're a midget. She's one of those happy-go-lucky people who are always smiling, even when her endometrium ends up on her underwear. I plopped into the chair right across from her, rested my head in my hands, and slumped over. And a heavy flow, for her, was soaking through a normal absorbency tampon in the instructed six to eight hours during which you could wear one. We usually got along, although that was mainly because he didn't say much. I was currently open to a page with a bunch of busty blondes—okay, they weren't all blonde, but  sounds better than —clad in revealing bikinis. You'd think whoever bought it would at least have the decency to keep it out of the plain view of others. That stupid Midol hadn't kicked in yet. But I felt like I'd been socked in the stomach, had just spent ten minutes washing blood out of my underwear, felt fat, and was fresh out of tampons, instead being forced to wear a pad which felt to me like the equivalent of a diaper; all of that, at once, combined with the minor Swimsuit edition incident, just pushed me off the edge. Yeah, yeah, don't mess with a girl on her period. Otherwise, I probably would have rather hung out with my boyfriend. It had been kind of embarrassing. Once we had our food, we sat at a table and began to eat. No ifs, ands, or buts about it. Only then did I register that Lacy was trying to get my attention. That, I calculated, could be used to my advantage. Now I looked like an idiot in front of Adonis. My best friend, who couldn't be unobvious if she received lessons from a spy for the CIA. He wasn't going to come up to me right in front of his girlfriend, was he? Hoping that he wouldn't notice the fact that I wasn't clever at all, I grinned again. End of story. Or recruit some people to do those dirty deeds. On a date? (Wouldn't you be curious about an Adonis' relationship with an Aphrodite—who, in Greek mythology, was not only beautiful, but loved Adonis as well—that happened to be his company at the time? Which, of course, I did not. The second he was gone, Lacy zoomed over in two seconds flat, verifying my notion that she'd been spying on us, only a few feet away the entire time. If you couldn't document one of the most exciting experiences of your life into the mind of your best friend, where else could you? Having to dig it out of the depths of my overstuffed purse, I had barely enough time to whip it open and press it to my ear, let alone check the caller ID. He officially christened me Emerald. Okay, okay, Top Two. Or rather, a normal nickname for the name his parents gave him at his birth. Ever since then, we'd refrained from speaking about matters that fell under the jurisdiction of the romance department. Matt just has a thing for nicknames. When he saw me entering the family room right then, he turned an alarming shade of white and stared desperately at the TV, as if it would ease his anxiety. And one who was her best friend's little brother, no less? His lips moved in what I assumed to be a return greeting of his own, but I could hear nothing. It's not every day a girl gets to go to dinner with a Greek god. Even though we knew now that she'd only gotten pink eye because the person who had used it last had pink eye, the experience had traumatized her enough to be warded off eyeliner almost for eternity. But you'll do some crazy things for your best friend. I sighed heavily and turned back to my closet. I yelled, annoyed. Whatever ability that I'd had earlier in the day to carry on a conversation vanished completely. We'd already established that we went to different high schools, he was a junior, like me, he played football and baseball, he had two younger sisters, and he was a lifeguard at a local pool. I blushed deeply. I summoned up whatever was left of my voice box. She bit her lip, making the googly eyes again in the silence that followed. Her long legs, unfortunately for him, were clad in pants, so he couldn't admire those, as well. Why was it so impossible for me to insult someone? I hadn't been talking to him for very long, but his favorite topic was himself, that much I could tell. Because his actions were shaping up to be far from godlike. The end result was me sitting there looking like a fish, and when Bryce shot me a puzzled look—once he could no longer stare at Jess' butt, that is—I clamped it closed so quickly my teeth started aching. I sighed, bored, and rested my chin in my hand. He grinned back at her. I scowled at everyone in the room, stopped a waiter to ask where the bathrooms were, and then went in the direction I was pointed. My waitress was flirting with my date, and my date was enjoying it. It was Matt. On his face was a worried expression that I didn't very often see. He smelled like freshly laundered clothes, and I smiled. So I pulled away and smiled up at him. A smile was also on his lips. When he saw Matt and me approaching, he smiled at me but glanced warily at Matt. Matt continued. A fork and a spoon flew into the air and landed in two completely different spots in the room. I grinned broadly. Wordlessly, Matt led me out of the restaurant before any type of management could stop us. Though her old car could not have been noisier in belching carbon monoxide into the atmosphere, we could still hear her shrill voice over the rumbling. The man looked up at us, relief mingling on his angry features. he teased, leaning towards me. It was good to know that despite the teasing relationship we shared, he would look out for me. I was feeling considerably better since the Date from Hell. Matt valiantly offered to go pop another bag for us, but only if we paused the movie for him. Once he picked it up, he looked at me. That was how I knew what I was doing was right. The nervousness on his features was plain. I loved the way we fit together, the way our lips melded and our curves just slotted in at all the right places. Adonis had nothing on him. I fought to stay in control. Her hair bounced as she whirled to face me. I was the intruder, the girl who started halfway through the school year and didn't know anything or anyone. An old, stern-faced secretary had walked me to English class and left me standing in the doorway not knowing what to do, while everyone stared at me as if I had suddenly turned into something green and slimy. Then I spent twenty minutes during recess sitting on a rubber horse swing in the corner of the playground wishing I could disappear. Why did you have to leave me? His grin was lopsided, yet strangely reassuring. The boy watched me without comment, and it wasn't until I closed my locker door that I remembered the bell had already rung, and we were both late for class. It was my fault he'd gotten into trouble. Anyway, Happy Valentine's, or Single Awareness Day, or whatever it can be called. Other than that, it was utterly still. So where was he? She listened as the second call went into voicemail as well. Her parents would throw a fit if they found that she was stuck on this deserted highway at two in the morning, instead of studying at a friend's house like she'd told them. She stepped back and waited. She could still remember the incredulous way Jasper had described his brother's career choice, the disdain plain in his tone. She wondered if he even spent enough time at the mirror to brush his teeth. He, who hadn't even gone to college? She braced herself against the dashboard as her body jerked forward from the sudden lurch of the truck. She had not been dumped. What if she'd unwittingly signed her own death warrant by getting into a stranger's car? She wouldn't have gotten into the truck otherwise. He was twenty-three. Or, more accurately, the space that she supposed was meant to act as a living room. But he could have offered her the bed, at the very least. Find your own way home. He owed her that much, at least, for leaving her here like this. And his opening statement made it sound like she hadn't been the first girl he'd dumped – alright, she was finally admitting she'd been dumped – and left stranded. That just showed how little Jayden knew. She was also aware that he then tore his eyes away like he'd been burned, and cleared his throat before speaking. Then he slammed the door and walked round to the driver's seat like she'd just suggested. She gave a little huff. Or was she someone – special? he asked instead of answering her question directly. Whatever Jayden Wellington was, it wasn't stupid. Not that she would ever admit it out loud. He was a Wellington, after all, almost-disowned or not. It wasn't as if she was looking for an in into the upper class society. he said. She stood gaping at the window. he drawled. She supposed she had been as shallow and superficial back when they'd first met, with her haughty presumptions and obvious disdain. Jayden triumphed over him in every way. Besides, hadn't it all been Jasper's fault? And the Good Samaritan in Jayden had prevailed once again. Before Amy knew it, Jayden was steering both of them towards the redhead. Amy felt like a shrimp next to the both of them. They were just huge lumps of metal that people built and made use of for transport. Did it take Natalia and her talk of different types of fuel to bring out this side of him? Then she slid out of the car, and, with a wave, vanished into the building. She was steadfastly looking out the window on her side, her back to him. He probably thought she was stupid. Hadn't she done that with Jayden, too, at first? she whispered. expensive. That's the idea". What's his name"? "He's perfect. And that's about it. All said in that same soft tone. But he's a bit cold and distant. ". . I don't really mind". Like my rooms. Worry? . I see. I know. A lot. 'Sir Killalot' was his number one rival from Call of Duty and he was convinced that somehow, he'd found out Sandy's real identity and had come to finish him off. I cried out in alarm when my player died suddenly. Riiiiiiiii— Slam. I snarled, advancing on him and poking his chest. For months! I swallowed down the tears that were rising and stayed firm. And I never regretted my decision to pull out of NYU, take a year off to clear my head, and then accept a soccer scholarship at London University. She put all sorts of stuff in them, like ginger, carrot, celery… ew. I looked back at her and noticed she was in her exercise clothes. I just scabbed from either side whenever I felt like it. I'd never developed a taste for coffee or tea, but I did drink it when I needed to stay up late to complete an assessment. That was life. He was a friend in a weird, convoluted way. Needless to say, I got pretty jealous sometimes. I stretched surreptitiously and glanced at Eddie: she was still focusing intently on Mr Falloon and her pen was zooming across her page, her blonde hair falling down between us so I couldn't see what she was writing. . Suddenly, she didn't know what the real definition of right was, anymore. She aimed to follow the rules, as long as she thought it to be fair. But he figured that was enough, and that he had done his part. The near mindless, nerve-wrecked woman had packed her bags and left without an explanation; without Addison understanding the whole reason for it. But Addison had a lot more self-control than that, so she opted for something different; running out of the house and wandering into the words to cry her heart out without anyone seeing her. But no matter how much she tried to shut out her feelings, they just blew up because she knew that she really did care about the way her father was treating her. It wasn't shocking, but it was hurtful; so painfully real. Anywhere but there would be a near heaven for her. Not that he really noticed when she was or wasn't in the house, even. Addison breathed a sigh and ran to her friend's car, hopping into the front seat. It was Chloe. Addison buckled her seat belt as they began to swerve back on the road for the short drive. Just being there immediately put Addison in a better mood. Not after previous occurrences with them. Chloe and Monica were the sole people that possibly got Addison through the day. It was really a wonder. Most of the class didn't bother to do it though; she didn't check it half the time she assigned it. It was an unbearable sort of silence, the kind that made Addison want to rip her hair out of her head. Addison didn't like to stereotype people, but with his black hair that swept flatteringly around his face, his defined jaw line and broad build, he was so attractive that he seemed like a regular asshole. He dropped his bag lazily on top of the oak table and plopped himself down to the chair. In order to keep her pride, she would never admit that to him or anyone. Please review and tell me what you think. The locker I had at my old school had a different kind of lock, and no one told me how to use this one. She was about my height, which was average, and she had bright blue eyes and flawless skin. She examined it closely before shoving it back into my hand. I missed him more than anything else I left behind. My old school definitely was not this welcoming. Judging from her accent, I guessed she was from somewhere in South America. Isa turned back to her desk abruptly and didn't say another word. Before I could respond, three tall, muscular, obnoxiously loud guys came bursting into the room. Pretty cliché if you asked me. Hunter Donovan. I looked at him, still flushed. I nodded, feeling shameful about my sudden sensation of curiosity about him. There's always a catch. I didn't want my first impression to be the girl with pizza sauce all over her face. Isa looked at her detachedly and waited for her to continue. If my friends back home heard that I even considered it for a second they would have slapped me and doubled over with laughter. But I didn't really care what they thought. I had never seen such a drab cheerleading squad. She, unlike the others, actually seemed perky and had a huge grin plastered on her face when she saw me. The girl just smirked and took a massive bite. When her attention was drawn away from us, Nat began whispering to me again. I started to zone out, and suddenly I had no clue where I was. I quickly snapped out of my daydream and hoped I wasn't drooling. I was horrible with directions. I turned to him and smiled shamefacedly, hugging a textbook to my chest. Victory! No more brainless, cheerleader clones for me! Never learned how to do it. It was slightly wet from the glass, but I blew my nose on it nonetheless. He was the one that had always shown up five minutes late to class every day. It didn't matter to me, but I figured that he would tell me if he wanted to. He always used my name when he thought I was being unreasonable. I wiped away a few more tears. I said, scrambling to get under the table. He had dimples when he smiled. Mascara was running down my face, and my hair was all messed up. She was a bit taller than me, but that was fine with me, because that meant the skirt fell a little longer on me than it usually did on her. And then we ran into a burger place that Jake had taken me to on one of our very first dates, and it was all downhill from there. When Whitney went out, it was simply not fair to the other girls. My eyes were still a bit puffy though. Gum Chewing Guy often came to Bar Nine, and he had an impeccable jaw line. But in all the three years that I've known her, I have never known Whitney to be genuinely interested in someone for more than a week. He usually came with a friend, though, but that friend always left pretty early on to hit on girls. She thought I was ridiculous, because Jake Peterson was definitely not her type, but I had been in love with this guy. Nog? His back was facing us and he was ordering a drink from the bartender. In fact, his eyes positively brightened at what Whitney had just said. I had seen him twice here at Bar Nine before, but both times, he had never seemed to be much for mingling around with the ladies. Oh no, what if that guy thought I was interested or something? He smiled down at me. Instead, she was smiling at the guy. I wasn't going to make out with him, but how much could one drink hurt, really? How had she made an acronym out of that stupid phrase? I knew I could handle my alcohol. A bit down was an understatement. I could practically hear Whitney's words of disapproval at me and see the scowl on Michael's face, but I plunged on anyways. Although I had never met her myself, I knew that it was his ex-girlfriend. I felt like my heart had shattered into another million little pieces. And suddenly, I felt just a little bit crazy. I wondered briefly if Jake was watching. Swiftly, deftly, he slipped his arms around my waist and leaned in to respond to the kiss. Man, this guy was good. I wrapped my arms around his neck as he pressed us back against the table of the bar, so that his arm was sandwiched between my back and the table. He looked slightly dazed at what had just happened, and I certainly felt dazed. Meanwhile, I'll be writing this story and Bollinger in parallel. And some just can't get enough of the smell of the ice in the morning. It's about trusting your team and realizing that they will always have your back. Rich Bitch Central. the human population, in general, sucks ass. I was freaked. I mean, who knows what they put in them". At all. Bubbly. ". Sort of. Beautiful. He was 6'3 with broad shoulders and a muscular build, but what more could you expect from a guy that has played baseball ever since he had been old enough to pick up a bat. Most people called me Liv, Tommy was the only one that ever called me Livy, it was his little pet name for me. At first we just wanted to see if what we had was more than just a physical attraction but as time went by and we got closer, it just became that much harder to tell him. I gathered up his shirt and was about to put it in his laundry hamper when a piece of paper fell out of his pocket, curiosity got the better of me and I opened it, what I read filled me with anger. i hope you like it, i already have the next few chapters' written so if you like this story let me know because only then will i update. The Christmas tree and decorations had to be set up, the many meals to plan…yes, the cheesiness was overwhelming, but hey, it was fun partaking of it. I knew all that head bashing in football had to have done some damage. Then again, I didn't want to know either. I flushed immediately, my cheeks tinted crimson. Okay, I was a hypocrite. And I was a little seven year old in the photo riding my toy tricycle with a strange knobby kneed boy with bright green eyes sitting in the background. That and college has basically sucked my entire life into a dark hole, and that being said, it's lovely to be back here. I plan on posting the whole thing here within roughly a month. I hope. Here goes. Professional, even—pinstriped skirt pulled over my crossed legs, and chin resting casually in the palm of my hand. Still, just to give you a vague idea, the thesaurus futilely suggests: anxious, apprehensive, nervous, petrified, rattled, timorous, and scared shitless. Or maybe it was the fact that, five years ago, this town had taken whatever was left of my self-esteem and had beaten it into submission with an iron mallet. The mixed scent of new paint, coffee beans, and fresh linoleum was making me sick to my stomach. This town might not have changed, but I sure as hell had. Four: I opened my mouth and let the tension leave with the carbon dioxide. I was capable of verbally ripping someone to shreds, and I wouldn't hesitate to do so if anyone crossed me this summer. She looked right at me, held her stare for a few seconds, and then turned her back so she could search the rest of the shop. She gaped. she murmured. I said, beaming back at her. So a homosexual Alfred Pennyworth, I guess. The genre of Religious Fiction wasn't exactly what you'd call  right now. Hell, especially since New York had some of the biggest publishing houses in the country, and my college had internship programs for just about all of them. Still, Jordan did me a favor and changed the subject. The real reason's name was Shane Griffith, and let me tell you: he was way more suicide-worthy than any manuscript, and he was dangerously close to the end of his reign. totally didn't mean for that to happen. As soon as Pete's last two guests disappeared through his front door, I turned an icy glare at him, causing him to flinch and offer an apologetic smile. Still…. I'm not a masochist, so forgive me if I'm not all fired up to rush out and subject myself to more of the same. I know him too well, and he gets on my fucking nerves all the time. It's one of his better qualities. I darted from the line and caught up, and he wordlessly passed me my ticket, confounding me into not knowing what to think or feel. He wore a dark red button up over a white t-shirt, and his jeans were dark and somewhat loose, his dark brown hair too short to do much more than brush it, most likely. But not as bad as burning it down; I can't stand him long enough to let him crash at my place in the interim of him searching for somewhere to live. I didn't bother waiting around, pulling away and twisting the volume of my radio up so that the music shattered my eardrums and bled away the anger. I grabbed a soda from the fridge and took my bowl and drink into the living room, still listening to Pete rant as I settled myself onto the couch and flicked on the television. I hadn't even bothered to dress up at all, had I, acting a peach from the very start. thursday or friday. His mother, rightfully embarrassed, tried to shush her son. After the cake had been eaten, the presents opened, and other kids departed, she looked at him reproachfully. Without hesitation, she landed a prim kiss on his cheek. She kicked the boys where it hurt most when they laughed at him for being friends with a girl, since everyone knew girls had cooties. She started making other friends; girls she could gossip to and shop with. Overnight, it seemed, everyone was labelled a different status, and popularity had a real meaning. From one entity, they became two. She didn't know why she didn't take it off. His family consisted of two, and his dad no longer cared nearly as much as before, choosing instead drown himself into bottles of alcohol. Whenever they passed each other in the hallways, they would say hi, but that was it. He was at a friend's party – drunk. They smiled and nodded. It was obvious to her he was inebriated, and also smelled like a kind of drug. She glanced at him out of the corner of her eye – his head leaned back against the headrest, eyes closed, with his thick eyelashes sweeping down onto his cheeks. They tiptoed past his father passed out on the couch in the living room. Life went on. She was hesitant, but decided to go for the cute guy in her Biology class. He looked at her out of the corner of his eyes when he lounged outside the east wall of the school, watching her run around the track for gym. His eyes narrowed. Hearing her sleepy,  on the other end suddenly made his mouth dry. He noticed her flirting less with Slick Guy, something which gave him a sort of smug satisfaction, though he didn't pause to think about why. One day, she told him about Slick Guy. She burrowed deeper into her blankets, shifting the phone to the other ear. His date possessively ran a hand down his arm, reclaiming his attention. She couldn't stop glancing at him out of the corner of her eye, oblivious to Slick Guy's angry looks. Tell me what's going on. Heart thudding, she gasped and stiffened as he pulled it the necklace out from underneath her shirt, eyes glittering intensely. Indecent exposure anyone? I'm living proof. Well times that feeling by about two hundred and you might come close to what I was experiencing at this very moment. The girl that, in my love-struck eyes, made me want to throw down with the Terminator whilst ending global warming and climbing Mount Everest, just to make her happy. And the sad thing was – the first part of that sentence wasn't even metaphoric. Disgruntled, I passed over the photocopy. Minus the whole fairytale thing. And James had always had a knack for motivation (which explains how he convinced me to take up his dare). After all, there's nothing like a bit of chest beating to get your blood pumping. (Not that there was any left to save. (Forgive me Walt Disney, but desperate times call for desperate measures. It was perfect. And it seemed like she didn't give a damn. unmanly. If there was ever a moment to exile myself to Mars and live amongst extraterrestrials who accepted my idiotic behaviour, it was now. Grinning, he gestured to the corner of the page. v. I'm excited! I've spent a while working on this, so I really hope you enjoy it. . Someone should get him a nasal strip, and if that person happens to be deliciously sexy, then he should strip. Thanks for existing. Greaaaaat. She's so not as intimidating as she thinks. And if it's the latter, I tell her I would love to. Really, we do. Well, the other problem besides me, anyway. Damn my mother and her temporary bitchiness for ruining my fun; damn her. I feel bad for all those giggling girls who are looking at me like I'm a huge chocolate bar. Boys and their cocks are more of my thang. SHE'SSOAWESOME! And even though I'm totally and completely gay, I'm not completely oblivious; I know a pretty girl when I see one, and damn—she's pretty. It makes me smile, and I take her hand. After about a minute, she raises an eyebrow at me and I giggle. I start purring, making Courtney laugh, and I giggle a bit, too. It all makes me so happy that I feel like dancing, so I will! I tell her this as we enter the cafeteria. Besides, it's obvious he's straight as an arrow. Like I said, though, he's not my type. Sucks. Hmm…so that leaves Mister blonde and black hair in the striped hoodie for me. It's sad and cute all wrapped up into one, but she still rolls her eyes at him. Instead, he's looking at me with an expression that is calm and curious. I don't even care that he used my full name; I like it, and I like him, so he's awesome enough to do that. Too bad the answer isn't. He doesn't say anything, though, thank God. He just smirked, but from what I gathered, that seems equivalent to a laugh for him. And there's still delicious Aaron waiting for me to seduce him. He'll be mine if it's the last thing I do! They make a good couple, I have to admit. Yeah. I bet he secretly listens to Kanye West when he's alone. Everything is color-coordinated, right down to his plaid blue and black scarf and his blue gages. Josh is just so…bleh, while Seth is all suave and cool. She just seems boring. I really think someone needs to remove the supersized dildo from her ass. Then, I go down the hall to Nana's room, grinning because I'm just so happy! I gladly go over and make myself comfy next to her on the bed. I don't want to know if that handkerchief has any blood on it when she takes it away and folds it up. Then, when I'm finished, I ask her how she is. Almost a second afterwards, a person jostled past me and their bag, which must have been filled with rocks, crashed into my arm. When we reached Pacific Fall High, she was still going on about the guy. I was so grateful for the bell that I zipped off to English Extension the instant I heard the loud trill right next to my ear, with only a hasty goodbye to Vanessa. This image of the 'hot' guy was only enhanced by his position as the star quarterback in the football team. He was one of the rocks, along with Vanessa, holding me together. But my thoughts were instantly broken when a girl with long, swinging raven hair stepped in front of Tyler. I knew Tyler liked the spotlight but he still knew that I was right here! my mind suggested. He jumped back, staring at my finger as if it was a hot brand. Karen, the raven-haired girl, was still hanging onto his arm even though the others had scattered, waiting for a fight. I snarled. But it wasn't like I did it often, or at least that's what I told myself as I took a seat at the back of the bus. This had definitely not been a good day. I breathed in and out slowly and distracted myself with the Internet. My mind immediately thought they were criminals or FBI agents and I shook those thoughts away, hesitatingly opening the door. Or something like that. Unfortunately, I didn't share her happiness. And Kirkman was a made up last name, I added silently. I asked. Jeez, it took the government a month to figure that out? the woman exclaimed. No need for ropes to bind me and pull me towards my mum because they had the law on their side. Her eyes were closed as she played and sing; the melody and the lyrics kept her away from the real world. . . Before the concert, they had sold about two hundred tickets. The woman had short light brown hair with a genuine smile; she was wearing Chanel white trousers and blue satin vest underneath her white jacket. Her friends excused themselves and decided to talk to other classmates, bringing Jake along with them. Who is this Veronica lady anyway? He was gorgeous of course, like an Abercrombie model with brown messy hair, roman-like nose, thin lips and the most amazing deep blue eyes; he was the school's swimming captain therefore he was bound to have six packs but six packs or no sick packs, Calista still did not give a damn about him. Calista narrowed her eyes at him and took his hands off her. Even Nathan rhymed with Satan. Ms. Donovan was talking to them as well. Her friends were using her little brother again for their own enjoyment and her brother seemed to love the attention. She was living her dream too, her dream was to perform in front of people and she got that tonight. She had been called a tease by her ex boyfriends but she wasn't a tease, she had beliefs and she promised herself that she would only lose her virginity with someone who could make her feel special; someone who was willing to wait for her to be ready. They were the only family she had. They were expected at Kelly Hales' house party tonight and they couldn't now because they had to clean the whole theatre. His mother constantly asked him to start learning a music instrument and he decided to learn guitar but only secretly, not even his three best friends knew that he could play guitar well. She never knew they were just behind the stage and he would secretly watch her while the other guys fooled around backstage; it was why he decided to come tonight so he could watch her perform and even though he wanted to get out of doing the punishment; he had to do it just to see her. Tristan raised both hands to protect himself from Nathan's cold stare and apologized. River would go out with Lucas' ex girlfriends and hurt her and then passed her back to Lucas and then Lucas would just ignore her, just like the cloth. She wasn't blonde; she never wore slutty clothes; although she was gorgeous with that long tanned legs, long wavy brown hair and green eyes; she had that Mediterranean look on her; she had a simple fashion sense and she seemed to be nice and smart and talented and also his mother and little sister seemed to like her very much. Everywhere they went and every time they met a group of girls, they would talk about who they could take seriously from all of them, of course they would never really date them because they had their reputations to keep up. Edited. It would have been a good pillow. I'm a self-proclaimed second-hand junkie. Can he not see that I'm sleep deprived? Which is kind of disgusting because I don't know when the janitorial staff last hazarded mopping this room. The typical crap. She's nice, I guess, but I don't really like having reporters following me around. Apparently, she found some photos from Ecuador and New Zealand, too. In fact, if you want to know the truth, that's half the reason Marcy's here. Not that I had any clue what I was agreeing to. But then Marcy got here and she started digging a whole bunch of other crap up. She just kept dredging more stuff up. But such as life and I guess that's me. Perfect"! Why me? forgive me if it's not to ur taste. but it was fun. . Thanks! I remembered that day well. Father,""I am sending you to Mycenae, sweet one. Don't you want to see them? Thus, I was sent to Mycenae in Peloponnesus. We must ride to my father immediately"! Kyros exclaimed. That night Kalliope called me to her room. I asked. I did not talk much with queen Chloe, the queen of Mycenae. Once we reached home, we would all get our fair share of punishment. I can't stand it anymore! he questioned gently". I replied. so full of pity. I will propose this marriage between Lysander and Kalliope. Athene answered. I knew the answer. hehehe. . ! And as always, reviews are greatly appreciated. And you can take it from there. Lots of it. Focus on the plot and character development. Luckily, she made it to the table without spilling the contents of Mr. Crawford's order all over herself. Mary watched as his gaze stayed trained on the sugar packet he was mutilating, bloodied and scabbed knuckles worked furiously, twisting the packet every which way. His green eyes held so much pain, sorrow, anger, and malice all rolled into one emotion, she wanted to cry. . She never would understand her mother. Nevertheless, she walked through the park, past the various oak trees with ribbons tied around them as a tribute to the soldiers to her favorite bench in the park…only to find it already occupied. A change from his high school days was definitely evident. Not that he was attached now…for all he knew this girl was a serial killer, though, she seemed too innocent and naïve for that. It made James sick. His green eyes searched hers for any joke, but found nothing but innocence and concern. He had no womanly affection shown to him, except for the many escapades she had heard about him around town. He swallowed and started to breath heavily. It wasn't fair to Mary anyways because he was going to die in Vietnam and he had come to terms with dying in a foreign country. Because there was no way that they could just do this, just like that. That I was somewhat okay with, despite that I could not stand the shortness of the skirt they (once again) forced me to wear. There were some things I would let my best friends get away with, but this one, I was willing to hold a grudge forever over. And I was always willing to let them. There was no doubt in my mind that I'd have blisters to remember this night by. On the defensive, I shrugged. Therefore, my efforts equaled futile. I was strictly speaking sports. No. I'd leave them in there until Hunter came to pick me up. I leaned down and grabbed the soccer ball sitting on top of it, and then I unceremoniously threw it at Jared's head. And we also loved my mom's Boston cream pie. He didn't have to miss pie night for a date with the lacrosse team captain. It's because he's cute and he's never looked at you like that before and you get delicious chills down your spine. And once again because of my mom telling his mom. Even if his looks weren't good enough for someone, his killer smile would win them over for sure. Until my moronic friends had set me up on a date with Hunter Lars. What were Stacey and Megan thinking when they chose him? Barely hidden by a skirt! I wanted this date to be over with already. Best to just get this over with and then never speak one more word to Hunter. It doesn't matter. His breath was hot against mine, and he tasted like Boston cream pie, so I knew that he had already gotten a piece before I had. And it hit me. Dates suck. That was not so fine, being as that was the only good thing in that horrible place. Again. He kept putting his meaty hand on my knee in the car any chance he got. I was extremely reluctant at first, but then figured, hey, my first kiss has already been used up, so what's the problem? He had asked why I thought that, asked why I stopped kissing him and didn't I think he was an excellent kisser? Plus, Jared had come over for dinner Sunday night, and, not wanting to face him for fear my anger would overcome me again and I'd break his nose, I hid in my room. Sometimes I really hated my best friends. But that wouldn't stop them from coming over my house later and trying to force me into yet another miniskirt. Once he saw me, he smirked and beckoned me over with a finger. And I did not like awkward. We probably would have stayed late anyways because we were just as determined to win. He responded eagerly, removing his hands from my hair to hold on to my waist and hold me closer to him. His kiss was just as bad as Hunter's. They looked at each other and burst out in giggles. I was in love with Trent Westland! . with Trent Westland! Like I had killed his most precious goldfish or something. Especially not when he was pressing his tongue against my lips, making them part to grant him entrance. It was better than soccer, and that's saying a ton, from a girl so in love with the sport as I am. She was always letting him do things like that. It was time for the strike of Hurricane Ava. Fear my pillow of doom and unholy anger. But nothing sent my heart racing as much as his next words did. No wonder it was only his kisses that made me feel so terrifyingly euphoric. They looked disappointed but before I could tell them my good news, they became excited again. What do you think? I usually comment at the end of a chapter, but since this is the first chapter, here we go! Can her view of him really change? It's the song Tom Cruise sings in his car in Jerry Maguire. Anywho! Wowie. Slapping him made her feel better. What was that power? He was tall, about 6'1", with short black hair and dark blue eyes, and a perfect body, which baffled Jayden because she knew for a fact that Devan ate everything under the sun. sexual habits. He liked to make it loud and clear that he could make any girl fall for him, even ones that didn't want to. . Also, Jayden had no interest in him. They all did—they were all twenty-three and living life to its fullest. If it was brought up, he changed the conversation. she assured him. He rarely looked nervous. They helped each other grow up. God, could he get nothing past her? Her next words stopped him in his tracks. She stopped her brother before he could interrupt her. Poor Jayden was usually on the wrong end of the rope, and was constantly being instigated by Devan. The band was on in ten minutes. Then the after-party, usually hosted at either Tanner or Devan's houses. Troy started off the song with the guitar part, then Devan took the microphone again. When Devan came back in the band dropped out behind him except the light drumming. ". Jayden wondered at first if that was the reason why Devan was so angry half of his waking hours, but Troy told her it wasn't, he didn't know why. He was the one who had made her love it so much, actually. Even if he was harsh and rude, he could still sing. ". They were all awesome at that song. ". Then a thought struck her: If they did get rid of Marcus, the replacement would have to know how to play harmonica, otherwise Cryin' would never be the same. Tanner laughed. She grinned. To find Devan. She opened the door to another of the storage rooms and stopped dead in her tracks, words of apology already on her lips. . . Wow, he must like her, she thought to herself. He didn't act angry, actually he showed no emotion at all. Silence for a second. A silent moment later, Marcus came downstairs. He wanted to fight him now. He spoke fluent Spanish, but his New York accent was more prominent than his Spanish one. Jayden looked up at both of them. . . Enjoy! The sad thing about being stuck in the middle is that you're always on your own. Well, they certainly don't. I have to congratulate her; she has to put up with them. He didn't know who to blame for my mother's death so the closest he could find was this little girl. Last year when Halloween came around my nanna refused to give little kids candy and instead told them that if they didn't shove off, she would keep them hostage and feed their bodies to the skeletons residing in our basement. Heck for a minute I did too… if you haven't guessed already she can be very manipulative. But since you guys are dying to know about me, might as well. I'm nearly 16 and look like I'm a 13 year old, who's still going through puberty. Evil people. Just because I'm shy and don't speak out when its not necessary doesn't mean I'm mute! I've got a fair few. However that didn't stop us from being the best of friends. She's smart, opinionated, artistic, cynical, nice –  - and rather annoying. It takes a whole two minutes for my brain to snap back to reality, thus resulting in my slow uptake just before. Well if you really like to know, it's a definite no. The whole corridor magically stops what they were previously doing and stare at the non-existent wind blowing in their perfect faces and perfect hair. Or the perfectly sculpted abs that he obtains is the source of the drool forming around your mouth or the fact that his lop-sided grin can merely throw you head over heels? Shoot me. Put him and me in a room and he won't know what hit him! Not only that but he's also really nice. We all think she's perfect. Marika is not only oblivious to the attention she receives she doesn't seem to realise that she's perfect in every way and in every angle. He seems to be in touch with his feminine side… a lot. He was fun, cheeky and outrageously quirky, all the qualities of a great friend. I slowly looked up to find Quinton towering over me, unfortunately the bubble immediately popped when I saw his hand entwined with Marika's. ? My God in disguise, she is definitely my rock! I just need to find a way to slowly inflict pure danger on her. If Marika tutored Quinton then sure as hell there would be tutoring in a different type of means than studious. Nope, I still stutter. How embarrassing. I had no transport to get me home. ! But what does Dylan do? Great! It looked beautiful. It was a strange road, half of it was sealed off, and only deserted buildings were residing around the place. I didn't really worry that I was walking in the middle of the road considering it was only big enough to fit one small car and there was rarely any vehicles ever using this road. Before I knew what was happening they passed me quite rapidly, the force was enough to send my umbrella flying out of my hand, and if that wasn't bad enough than the puddle of water they passed through was sprayed all over me. My eyes widened slightly when he slowly took his helmet off, not bothering to care that he was going to become wet just like me. ! It's strange that Marika is related to him let alone being his little sister considering they are very much different, both in looks and personality. Jeez it makes him sound like a God, and believe me he was no God. It was too, as said, alluring. I didn't move. What the hell? His body was slim and well defined; it didn't seem like he worked out, more natural from keeping fit than trying hard. ! He had clear access to my… undies and my…bra! Idiot! Then again who's counting? He should smile more often, by the look of it, he didn't seem to smile a whole lot. Can the situation be any more bizarre? Why was I friends with such disgusting people? Ever since I told her I was gay in 10th grade it's been ,  The dumb bitch had almost told my mother I was gay by offhandedly mentioning that I was moody and that I, of course, needed some dick up my ass. I'd say it was sweet, but mostly it was just creepy. They didn't look convinced. Getting Mimi to break was like trying to get Godzilla to stop attacking Japan, so it was always safer to go after Tristan first. I thought he was done but he turned back towards me, chocolate eyes filled with concern. Surprisingly, she was calm. I hated double-teaming. With that, he jumped up like a six-year old and ran to my 96 silver Volkswagen Jetta. Don't just slice up my car and leave the rest because no insurance company believes that someone just steals the fluff from your cushions and leaves your radio, believe me. By the time we were driving down the street I was having a sparring match with Tristan's monster hands and Mimi looked on the verge of ripping our hands off and forcing us to listen to country as punishment. His lips were set in a perpetual sneer. He sounded like my mother. Why? Regardless, I was doubled over in laughter, clutching my stomach as tears began to form in my eyes. He adjusted his suit and slammed the door behind him. I could see there were two passengers, an African-American girl and a messy looking boy who was rubbing his neck as if in pain. It was probably some senior citizen who was unwilling to let go of his expired license. I would step out of this limo and let him know that he'd just hit the car of one of the richest men in Europe and watch his eyes nearly pop out of his skull, before Johann and I made him seriously regret his decision to drive like an asshole. Nor did I want to enact my vengeance on him any longer. Back when I felt so alive, when I didn't have to run away from home to find some semblance of peace. Well, I couldn't have that, not after I'd just concocted the perfect plan to have him and solve our problem with the damaged limo. Turning, my eyes found Mimi's who was desperately holding onto her seatbelt, her body shaking as she tried to hold her shit together. It took me a minute to take my hand off the steering wheel and unbuckle my seat belt because I was shaking so badly. We all could have died and over something as stupid as rap music. Adamantium? Fuck had pretty much summed it up. Traitors. This guy looked like he was going to have a fucking coronary or kill me or something he was so red. The seatbelt had practically strangled me to death. Cause the limo looked pretty much the fucking same. I didn't even have $1,300 let alone $13,000! Alright, I'd had about enough of this. Was he hearing voices or was that just his other personality he was accounting for? Oh shit I think he said something to me! Obviously I was going to say yes, I wasn't an idiot. Somehow I managed to recover. Guess I didn't look like a crackhead to the man who was paying his bills, now did I? Sexilicious had now become Douche-alicious. Had he lost his fucking mind? Stop being attracted to him, stupid hormones! He paused before his fingers cupped his chin and a pensive expression came over his face. Giving a huff, I pushed the brunette back and stood tall in front of the douche and his lawyer. I was glad that I intimidated him. Glaring at him, I was shocked to the point of rearing back at the passion that burned in his eyes as he stared down the middle-aged lawyer. The stupid jock winked at me, he was never serious about these sorts of things and so he could never realize how much this meant to me. Just as I was about to break into tears a stupid, sexy voice ruined the moment. I gulped slightly. However my insult turned into a pathetic squeak as the guy's arm came around my waist and pulled me into his chest. Cars honked and people screamed. Hell. From the way Leight's thigh presses against his, Peter knows he hasn't screwed up yet. There are too many layers of clothing between them. This has happened before, and he has learned not to question unusual or dizzying occurrences where Malcolm Leight is concerned. They fall in, and the ritual begins in earnest. And then he registers a new sensation: Leight's cock hardening against his leg. It's been far too long. It's a risk he's more than willing to take. And once again, he'd be happy to let this go on forever, if it wasn't for the way Leight's hand suddenly discovers his ass. He doesn't realize that he's saying something until he hears,  in something that vaguely resembles his own breathless voice. He sets a brutal pace. He's short-circuiting, drowning, suffocating—and then he's coming, explosively, barely aware of Leight's orgasm, which begins immediately after his. There is nothing sacred about the ritual, though Peter wishes there was. It looks small, fragile—like a limp doll. he announces. Peter has never seen himself so at peace as in death. He hangs up and opens the curtains, knowing that's enough to wake Leight. The Captain and the Lieutenant usher them in, and Peter momentarily forgets to breathe. It looks small, fragile—like a limp doll. he announces. Eventually, he says,  He turns to the Captain, waiting for the story. Lynnette Wilson cooked dinner, and no one ate it. The man's hands are clasped loosely in his lap, and Peter can only assume that he is simply sitting and staring and thinking opaque thoughts. God knows he's tried, but Peter can't bring himself to hate anything about Leight. He is standing outside of a strip club in the city's riverside red light district, holding a bag full of lobster, wondering if is possible to feel more ridiculous than he already does. He understands all too well, and his stomach churns. He coughs, hugs the lobster bag a little closer, suppresses the instinct to turn and run. His suit is cheap and the shade of green that can pass for black in just the right light. He waits a moment, then continues to address Larry while pointing to Peter. He should realize that he didn't spend decades of his life training to be a doctor to end up as a lovesick fanboy—but that's what he is. he concedes. Peter swallows the bile so thick in his throat. Just as they're about to leave, Leight turns back to face Larry, who is only a few steps behind them. He swallows around the lump in his throat. He takes a few deep breaths in quick succession. He lets Leight hold him. This is all he has ever wanted—for Leight to hold him and look at him with something other than lustful antipathy. he observes in a rough whisper. He is shaking again, yes, but it has nothing to do with the renegade lobster. He raises his (dry) eyes. The word is out of his mouth before he can stop himself. He can't sleep because he can't stop berating himself. So hard to love unconditionally. He shouldn't, but he knows he can't help it. He derives no pleasure from its recitation. He did shower, but he still can't wash away the scent of rancid shellfish. Leight sits at the head, with Peter and Wilson to his right, the Captain and the Lieutenant to his left. His eyes rest on Peter. There's something broken in his voice, and it hurts as much to hear as to speak. White knuckles clench the rims of the black hat. His protests grew softer and softer, and his eyes resumed their darting. But Peter knows he would never, could never kill himself. They don't fall in; they simply walk. He stares down into Peter's confused, frightened, blighted eyes. His voice is lost in his throat. He runs a hand through Peter's hair. Maybe it's the insomnia talking, but this doesn't feel real. As he utters those universe-shattering words, he extricates himself from Leight's loose embrace. He is tired, and he wants nothing more than to sleep a dreamless, lightless sleep. Because he loves Leight too much to ever leave him alone. (So please tell me if you are! I leaned forward in the chair, resting on my knuckles much like a gorilla. I haven't even met him; I've just been sitting here frigidly staring at his gray office thinking of the many ways to kill Luke with out actually killing him. Fuck, way to go Matt. He was on the small side, only reaching five-seven and about one-twenty five, just the way I like my fuck-buddies. He asked in his fuck-me voice…even though any voice he uses is his fuck-me voice; and actually hearing his seductive voice, instant boner dude, instant boner. Luke was leaning over to me, and snapping his fingers in my face. Then, she turned around. Ashton shrugged nonchalantly. His fists tightened. Well, so did he, but she passed with flying colours. Ashton nodded. He tugged playfully on her ponytail and sighed. He never responded to the kiss. / I hope it wasn't too bad and all. Just agree with me, ok? Her notes usually always look the same; the only things that change are the date (yeah, my mother dates notes for me) and the information about what food she's left for me to heat up for dinner. When we moved in here four years ago, there was a light in the ceiling, but it broke after a week and no one's ever bothered to fix it. She finds this practical because she thinks that she'll find out whenever either of us has been out drinking. I think if she'd ever remove or add as much as one item, I'd notice. I mean, come on, it was probably covered in the previous owner's piss. Not that we've had it that rough or anything, but we've looked out for each other all the same. Otherwise, there is going to be one bitter gym teacher out there in a few years time. I keep my hand on the doorknob as I peak in. It doesn't even bear thinking about. Probably due to the same anal tendency that makes me get my keys out a full block away from the front door, I like to keep my room tidy. Of course. Not that I complain, mind you. Best friend, partner-in-crime, unreciprocated love interest. Yeah, I know how pathetic that is, but if you could hear him talk you would understand why I'm that pathetic. . My right hand immediately travels down my belly to grind against the hardness in my trousers as Shane's voice wraps my heart in cotton. Well, doesn't he just have a way with words? I've imagined this so many times the fantasy is completely effortless; Shane's soft Irish voice telling me he wants me, whilst I plant kisses all over his lean body. Normally, like today, I only have to get to the point where I mentally strip Shane naked before I come. Nothing ever happens. If Shane ever found out how I feel about him, I don't think I'd have to kill myself, he'd do it for me. We've been pretty much inseparable ever since. Almost always. I will stand in the pouring water in the shower next to him, trying to avoid his wet, smooth alabaster skin, and think of the least sexy things I can imagine. And out of the 16 of us there, I don't think anyone cares about Shane's body like I do. Not even when he turned around and I saw his cock, big even when flaccid, nestled amongst curls as black as the night. You see the emotional stress I'm under. I wipe yet another fantasy about Shane off my chest before I go downstairs to heat up the Shepherd's pie that I'm supposed to share equally with my brother. It's rated T because I don't think there is anything explicit in there (although it's the first time I write even light smut, so if you think I should change it tell me so). He and Atlas. I might get straight A's in aforementioned subject (as well as any other subject I take, being the proud nerd that I am) but Lord knows I have to keep from pulling my freaking hair out while in this class. A boy who'd been crowned Prom King because of his popularity and dazzling good looks. Lime green eyes that I wanted to stare into until they darkened with passion and those soft lips that often curved into a heart-melting, mischievous smile that I so longed to kiss. It felt like I'd wake up any second and nothing whatsoever related to this had ever happened. I got my own things and waited until I was the last one to leave, knowing how aggressive my fellow classmates could get when the bell signaled their freedom. He continued his assault with his mouth as his left hand, previously resting firmly on my hips, found its way up to trace the outline of my breast, then up my neck until it was buried in my hair, pulling at the elastic band that kept my honey blond hair in a messy ponytail. I might suffer when he's not beside me, but the reward I get when he is is superior to everything else. Our hips were pressed together and when he grinded his own against mine, the feeling of his growing arousal sent waves of pleasure down to my lower stomach which caused me to gasp against his mouth. He had sensed my worry and reassured me that for him, the fact that a quiet girl like me could turn wild behind closed doors (something that caused me to blush furiously) was a lethal combination; furthermore, it was a boost to his male ego knowing that he was the one who could get it out of me and the only one privileged to take advantage of it. he asked bitterly. I was afraid that if everyone found out, my little dream world would be shattered. How twisted life can be, huh? he added with a smile and I let out a half laugh, half sob. There were advantages to people knowing, and one of them was that everybody now knew that this, in all aspects, gorgeous person was mine and mine only. he asked with a mischievous glint in his eyes. Or am I…. It sounds like a farmers name, and everyone knows I am not going anywhere near a farm. I am not kidding every fucking weekend; did they really think I could sleep through all of that? Considering my mom grew up from the Christian side. I think not. including the girls. god I hate planes. I sat down slowly eyeing everyone who walked out of their cars, to pick up their guest. I decided to stop talking to her when I heard she got remarried. Have you ever heard of getting out of the date lane? The wind was blowing hard and the clouds was spread out so far you could predict rain. m); they were supposed to be here at 6:30. Well I brought one its just deep, deep in my black bag, and I don't want to miss my mom passing by or something. I looked up impatiently, my right hand still stuffed in my bag. He had this big friendly smile on his face, which brightens up his brown glamorous eyes. He didn't look like an Expedition kind of guy. It took him a while to figure out what key he was trying to find, I'd just stared at him with a confused expression. I opened the door and sat cozily on the tan leather seats. Three in the back, three in the middle, and two in the front I have know idea why one person would need all theses seats. Harold returned few minute later,  He said quickly shutting his door and turning the heater on. Stupid Time zone different, I could be sound asleep by now. The green grass looked like you could have slept on it, and the driveway looked to be Aunt Susan whole apartment. : ) People who read my other story Camp Lakewood will know whose her step brother is because I kept most of the characters. It would be better if you told me in a nice way instead of telling me how much it sucks and no reason. In a matter of minutes, I was going to tell Marco Shaw about my crush on him. When he emerged, I fully expected Jack and the others to tag alongside him, but he was alone, and the moment we made eye contact, my heart skipped a beat. It just…happened. He, on the other hand, stayed silent, and after a few minutes and to my further embarrassment, he ran out of the gym's doors and also out of my life. From that day on, Jack became my best friend, and ten years later, our friendship was still as strong as ever. As always, thanks to everyone who continue to enjoy my stories, and I promise i'll post the first chapter soon! Was it just a coincidence that this all started, when Jake entered her life? Only the occasional green shoot poked its head up to offer hope of better days to come. His beloved wife of fifty-eight years was dead. A fire had almost always burned in the hearth, while the kettle simmered on the stove, ready to make a pot of tea for anyone who happened to stop by for a visit. . Natalia wouldn't have wanted him to be rude; she'd always been a stickler for manners. The girl looked just like her grandmother, and he felt the faintest of smiles appear on his face at the sight of the toddler bouncing up and down beside her mother. It wouldn't hurt to let himself be surrounded by the warmth of his family for a little while longer. . Every action had a consequence and she had to be sure she could live with the results of her choices. It might even perk her spirits after the string of bad luck she'd been having lately. A person as boringly ordinary as herself would never warrant close observation. . . Not like Ruari's own. . ". ". ". . Like brothers, really. He owes me a pineapple cake now". ". Quin speaks often of you. ". . different. ". Why"? ". ". Sorry, Kian". . ". ". ". . ". . ". Been with a man before"? then he'd deal with that in the morning. do something. ". Thank you. . he whispered. ". Only what you already know. half brother"? . ". Kids throwing paper airplanes, pinching or biting other kids, throwing temper tantrums, using cuss words, wailing over a scraped knee and oh, here's one of my personal favourite nightmares, picking their nose and chasing other children with the bugger on their outstretched finger. Tinsel Town can be downright dark and depressing at times, it's why so many people are hooked on Zantac. To tell you the truth, it's not so different from teaching. Even these I can deal with, but it's the after parties that are killer. But the one important thing you teach kids is to treat others the way you wish to be treated. With a class of about thirty children, you need to find out who the rowdy students are and how to settle them down fast. Yes, those are the kind of people I get, the Hell demons. She would spend six months before shooting the film in complete character so she could be realistic on the silver screen. She was doing  for a movie about a recovering drug abuser and overdosed. Callum finally sent Manny home and another PR director is now handling him. And no, he doesn't have a brother Manny chasing after girls in training bras either. Indeed I believe those were the very words of a bank robber who aborted his robbery attempt when he became victim to the 'Maitland stare'. Kiernan goes in with his Uzi and methodically kills every last man, or woman, who was tied in with the mob. I'm still trying to stop the nightmares from the one movie of his I did have the misfortune of seeing. He may not talk to me or really acknowledge my presence, but I know he is always aware that I am there. Curse all actors, but I often wonder if he does stare at me or if it is simply a case of an overactive imagination. He could easily break an arm or snap a wrist, but his strength was toned down and he didn't come close to resembling those big, bulky men who attended those weight lifting competitions. One couldn't imitate the 'Maitland stare' because those grey eyes were a big part of it. However, from watching the trailers of his movies, I knew that he could drain away all emotion from his eyes, leaving them cold, vast and empty and that was just downright terrifying. I hope that you'll read and review because it personally means a lot when someone takes the time to give their opinion, positive or negative. The air conditioning was blasting at full pelt, creating a hum in the room that almost, but not quite, drowned out the whispered conversations that were taking place all around. That their love for each other had been real. It had been the same headline for the duration of the trial, the editor insisting on printing a gruesome countdown to an outcome he was convinced was inevitable. She too was convinced of the outcome which the whole town expected and, indeed, demanded. Every eye in the room followed the court officer who took the slip of paper from the portly gentleman in the front row of the jury box and handed it up to the judge who, in turn, cast his eye quickly over it before passing it back. she stopped at the gate, one hand protectively over her stomach, the precious remnant of a relationship that no-one else was prepared to even try to understand. He helped her to her feet and she took the opportunity to throw her arms around his neck. She met his gaze, her confusion evident on her face. Once outside in the corridor, the door to the courtroom closed over, she sank down into the nearest chair and put her head in her hands, sobbing hysterically for the end of the idyllic life they had built together. He banged his gavel for the last time. Others ran out of the room trying to find the supposed victim in all of this to gauge her reaction to the sentence. Evans? he was hair the color of your computer desk at home. ". she won't believe you. just because. No more Jack questions. . '. Goodbye. The voice stopped. . Of course, I'll try my best to update ASAP. He said, giving Alder a sealed note. Many women were known to think Luke was perfect, but he knew better… much, much better. Everyone knew Luke was the believer, Michael was the worrywart but they had a balance between them and that balance had led them to 20 years of friendship. He remembered little of that day; neither Michael nor he needed to be at the mines that morning but they both were…. Here we go. One-thirty. He murmured, wrapping his arms around his boyfriend's tall shoulders and kissing his mouth. And, even though Alex was in graduates school, and Aaron was working on his law degree, they kept the same apartment kept the same apartment. He was loving, sweet, a great cook and a very dedicated law student. He's the one Alex kept trying to hook Christina up with. Alex swears she was convinced she was a guy. She was the only link to his previous life that he allowed, and even she was forced to call him Xander. His soft voice informed, just before a loud banging sounded at the door. Clayton cursed as they ran across campus. He introduced, grabbing both students by the shoulder and all but shoving them towards the Russian guest. This caught everyone's attention. Every time they'd start to talk about Aaron, seriously talk about him, or just relationships in general, he'd go off into his own little world. He was some rich ass spoiled heir to like three or so companies; one of those who went to schools like Yale and Harvard to get fucking business degrees in classes that they could probably teach better than their professors. He sent Aaron a grin despite the blaring television and faint sobbing. Aaron would heat up the soup and give it too his boyfriend through the cat door that he had installed in the bathroom door two years ago, and a few hours later Alex would come out and it would be like nothing had happened. But, after two months of Clayton nearly living on their couch, all of their friends had to admit, these attacks were nearly completely random when they started, and it was all Aaron could do to avoid the cross-fire. Tonight was about beer, sex and making new, very rich friends. He went over to the bathroom with the bowl of tomato soup and knocked on the door lightly. He loved him so much…but…he knew that wouldn't mean a thing until after Xander was done. But, every time he'd answer the phone, she hung up. The weirdest thing. No one sees him getting on or off the bus, and he doesn't say a word about his summer when he gets back. It all fits together. He didn't even know what could have happened. He was fitting the typical behavior for bipolar disorder, which could range from a minor inconvenience that is barely noticeable, to a medication needing, hospitalizing disease. I hope that all of you loyal Slim Picking's fans will enjoy it as well. "He's bookish. Thanks for agreeing to meet me. Lunch tomorrow, then? Mel! Nick choked. Jake demanded. It'll wreck havoc with my career! One look from him could make girls/women a puddle of quivering flesh and desire. Barf! I refused to speak to her after that. We were watching the guys play a game of football when he comes out and says,  referring to one of my brother's senior friends. Yep, that was Pat. Bleh. He said, and I quote,  Great brotherly advice that I have clung to. Shameless and self-serving, I know, but I'd like to have the opportunity once, before I settle down with another 'safe' guy, because truthfully, safe guys aren't all that exciting. I think I've done pretty well for myself. ……………………. It's actually strange how the two of them stayed such good friends, since they seemed like polar opposites, or at least looked it. Unlike my brother, Ricky was the epitome of a gentleman, player title nowhere in sight. Yeah, well now I was flaunting what my mum, grandmother, and all my ancestors right up to Eve gave me. I smoothed my skimpy top, trying to reassure myself it wouldn't rip apart if I twisted or bent over suddenly. The action clearly emphasised a fullness they had never noticed, indeed, I had never wanted anyone to notice before. he hissed through smiling teeth. Looking up to meet his eyes, I let a smirk settle on my lips. I grinned at the thought. …………………………. I know everyone is watching and talking about me. The only one that hadn't taken a good long look at me was Travis, and that was because he had a long term-girlfriend he was absolutely loyal to. But I'm not looking for chivalry at the moment. I don't know wether it was his smile or indigestion, either way, anticipation slid through my veins. He didn't even do his own homework, he paid his neighbour (a college student strapped for cash) to do it for him. I didn't bother to hold back my groan. But I knew she would become hysterical if I ridiculed her appearance, and frankly I was in no mood to deal with a psychopath. Whatever. I hate users. The worst kept secret in the history of our high school. Like he was even in the running. I definitely needed to call Ricky. It seems he had taken the initiative himself though. The variable had taken form, and seized part of my power. The two other girls at his table gave me hostile looks. I'm not even entitled to a single eyelash the way girls around here are acting. I could dream about that mouth all day. His knuckles became knots in the wood, his fingers, roots twining and playing, like those at the base of a Willow, hanging over the edge of a river. A side which was often over-looked. I hadn't thought he would have the self awareness to recognise faults, let alone the self possession to mock himself. I really should try new expressions out in front of a mirror before I unleash them in public. …………………………. It rang twice before being picked up. Cam replied to the other person. …………………………. But I would really like to believe Callum had more morals than to have an affair with someone he had a social responsibility to. I replied wryly. It didn't seem like him to slip up like that in front of a girl. Cameron had it down to an art form, Callum just couldn't compete. I guess I had made it clear over the years that I just wasn't interested in that type of guy. He'd confessed to me he felt more comfortable around me, than with anyone he'd ever met. It really was a pity he was gay. ) and currently in DC for the next couple weeks. Cameron said he was in a bad mood this week. I made up my mind to visit him before dinner. I know when something has a hint of alcohol because I break out in a rash. There were several smaller bonfires scattered around and a larger central one that everyone seemed to hang around. I assured him he didn't need to deprive himself on my behalf, but he just shrugged saying he could live without it. I knew he just stood there a while because the motion-detector porch light stayed on for a further few minutes. He usually came with Cameron for Sunday lunch since his own folks live too far away now to visit every weekend. Usually I loved decision-making, but this was just giving me a headache. The same couldn't be said for my grandparents though. I saw Callum swagger out after the boys and was about to call out to him when I was beat the punch. I pouted,  I held the provocative pose, thankful I was wearing shorts instead of the skirts I had been sporting for most of last week. Think off all the people I could help by flaunting my body on a world wide stage. When he was at my side he fell dramatically to his knees. I indicated the outer side of my thigh and moaned as if I were in pain. he growled to the others. Finally when I thought I'd reached safe territory, he pulled out the big guns. It just wasn't the sole reason I wanted to talk to him. It seemed like one of those times. I said defensively. …………………………. Not that there were many people there, just a youngish couple and a middle-aged man. I remember that clearly. A grin had unknowingly taken over my features. I felt dizzy when we broke apart, totally satisfied to see the end credits rolling, and that the other occupants of the theatre had already vacated their seats. It had been great, better than I had ever experienced before, but I felt something had been missing, something all my previous kisses had lacked as well, I just couldn't figure out what. I couldn't help but cringe in full comprehension of my shallowness. I swear there were frills on her panties, like the ones you see on little kiddie costume around the butt. . I advised against it, but had serious thoughts about reneging the statement when he made a comment about moving back home. Dads were the best bear huggers the world over, no one could compete. …………………………. Luckily my mum always left for work at what I considered an indecent time in the morning. He was right. I was pretty sure he was within my grasp, I just hadn't made the final moves towards pinching my player. You haven't called me once this week,' he said, disgruntled. Pat had said he liked his men…manlier. Mum and Dad loved him like another son. Those wonderful green eyes of his no longer had the power to freeze me in my tracks. he whispered. he looked at me pointedly, hands spread helplessly in front of him. I said gently. Two weeks in which I have learnt that this was not who I wanted to be. I had considered wearing high heels but given the way I usually totter like a drunken person in them, I decided to forgo fashion and wear flip-flops as a health precaution. I was close to hyperventilating when someone rapped on the driverside window. he said gently. Me being me, obviously with something incredibly stupid. I now knew what he meant about knowing when someone was going to break. I was sure I would be seeing stars when I finally opened my eyes. I wanted his hands all over me, roaming over my sensitised skin, creating this intense heat that I wanted to swallow me whole. I needed to be this close to him otherwise something terrible might happen. He leaned his forehead against mine, and we held each other for a long time. Because if the person you were kissing wasn't the last piece to the puzzle, you would always be missing out on something. A giggle burst out of my mouth when he jolted in surprise. Hope you like it. The creaking of a door. I ordered. not the beer. I'm better off without the pity. We just sort of coexist in each other's life. I felt sorry for the boy who always seemed so brooding in class. I didn't immediately open it, diving into it depths, I just continued to study it not sure rather to take it or not. I knew it would seem even longer that day because I wanted so badly to pry into the contents of the journal, I couldn't help my curious nature. I could imagine a six pack underneath his shirt. We didn't hate each other, we just didn't talk to each other. I guess I was 'compelled' to write you back. I conjured that from simply reading something you wrote, I could only imagine what it's like talking to you in person. but yeah. some day. It depends on the feedback I get. soo yeah. Mwah. I hardly knew the guy. He's the boss for a reason. Ray grumbled an apology and stomped off. When Dad had been any age at all. Aside from my dad, they usually did. We came to a halt near a few guys who were trying to impress some girls too young to understand why. The guys turned around, and I knew right away which one was Little Nicky, because he was the only one who didn't give a respectful nod. He glanced over me like he was wondering whose ass I crawled out of, then gave his father a challenging look. Personally, I was embarrassed for the guy. I had to take a few deep breaths so my hand wouldn't shake and spill the coffee. Then he reached for the cup, but I moved it out of his reach and held out my other hand, palm up. That poor girl had visions of wedding cake dancing in her eyes, and he was seeing inside-out panties on the floor. I was kind of cheesed off about that, and about how impatient they acted when I didn't know which car I was supposed to drive. I'd be spoiled too if somebody gave me a car that beautiful for anything less than both legs and a kidney. Little Nicky laughed. It was kind of a close thing on the curves, though. We dropped the friend off next. And my passenger was so quiet I almost felt like I was alone. It seemed everybody knew all about Little Nicky except me. I went and crashed out on his couch. I stopped dead in my tracks. To anyone, they would seem like a quiet, normal couple, but they were nothing more than a boss and his assistant that planned everything for him. At times he gave into the temptation and other times, he dismissed it. Jude figured that he would forget about Katelyn while he took the time to become serious about his life, having the thought that she would wait for him. Laurie smiled, getting up excitedly. Andy didn't think it was that big of a deal, but pretended it was to make his fiancé happy. Either one, she would be happy with. She just laughed. He knew Laurie worried about him, but it was a passion. 'Feels like we went back to the way we were before. She made Andy tell her everything they talked about and he easily gave into her. Coming face to face with Jude after the years would be awkward and she wasn't actually dying to see him–so she kept telling herself. She sat up when she pulled the box out, dust covering her fingers as she turned it around to eye it, her smile turning into one of sadness as she shook the top away from the bottom, listening to it fall on the wooden floor with a heavy thump. She put the picture down, glancing out the door when she heard Zach talking on the phone. . She cared about Zach, but something–possibly her heart, told her that she didn't love him as much as she loved Jude. Her brown eyes widened slightly in surprise, but she smiled at Zach, placing the note and pictures back in the box. . Zach walked over, his black hair falling into his eyes as he bent down, kissing her temple as he took the box away from her. she told him, slipping her hand into his, hoping to forget that certain someone. I try! Don't get confused. Perfect weather for a bar-b-q had brought the Aston's across the street to the Hayward's newly renovated on-the-water home. gesturing towards a passing seven-year-old as he carried two red cups of soda to a blanket and shaded area his mother had set up. he asked next, his lips parted and slight frustration forming on his face as he saw the crumbs on her face and the empty plate in front of her. . She listened to him, followed him around without question but at times, as younger sisters should, she did things that annoyed him. he instructed, watching her for a second before turning. she mumbled, resting the cup between her hands still against her thighs. he corrected, catching sight of her waiting to hear what Ana wanted. he offered next before eating the chip he'd taken. he called over, his voice taking on a more kid-friendly tone as he spoke directly to her. she called back with a slow-growing smile before turning back to Zach for agreement. Zach called over to Mr. and Mrs. Aston, waiting for one of the two to provide him with an answer. she called to her daughter. she called instantly afterward to Scott, hoping to find a better answer with him. he concluded, leaving the decision up to his wife entirely. It wasn't as if there wouldn't be eyes on them at all times. he instructed slowly, pointing for her to take the shiny metal railing with a hand as she reached it. The last thing he wanted was for her to get hurt and forbidden to go in the pool again without any floats. he added, turning his arm out of her grasp to take it in his own again instead. she laughed, all but her head now submerged. he whispered quickly,  he asked as he tried to see her face through the her hair in her eyes. Reaching out, she took hold of his shoulders and kept herself close to him, partially for fear of going under again. Stomping her foot, she folded her arms tightly across her chest, her hair pulled characteristically back into a ponytail and her clothes consisting of shorts and a usual tank top. Why did her being a girl have to be a factor at all? he lied, hating how his friends had begun to tease him on Ana's constant presence. didn't that mean including each other in whatever they did? He wasn't that comfortable just leaving her there since he knew he would suffer guilt for the remainder of the day, but he wanted her to understand that it wasn't fair to him either. Ana much preferred biking around town and playing sports to such things. He knew it would be tough for her, but Zach was always nice to her and most of the time, understanding as well. He wasn't going to let her go with him, but they could hang out for a while together beforehand if it made her feel better. . Don't worry. Most people call me Jack. I'm your mother. Awesome job". We'd never properly met until then. You're such a stalker. Now you're old and unappealing. Is something wrong? You see why I had to come back. roll the cookie dough? They're too vulnerable right now. Esther's his best friend. You don't know what it's like. It's a holiday for murder"! No. Bye". How assy I sounded. Stay longer. We have to work out. . she greeted cheerily to her boss. he startled. She knew there was a reason she needed to buy an umbrella soon. She took a class or two every night of the weekdays. She had lived her life where there was no one to take care of her, she had to take what she could and give back the same. Connor turned with rapid speed, her blue eyes shining over at her friend. She started swinging her legs as she watched Connor get back to work. Noelle smiled happily. His mother was a gypsy soul and had looked the part. Running a hand through his wavy hair, he went and took a seat in his office chair. This, oddly enough, worked because soon enough he was in his black little sports car and making his way out onto the highway toward his bachelor's pad. Opening the door, he glared. An archaeologist with the habit of making lots of people laugh, flirting with every pretty girl, though that wasn't far off from his brother, and he often had his serious moments where he was so involved with his work that he forgot about reality. Connor began to pout, her blue eyes shining dangerously. :) But I am finally updating after a month of horribly late nights, gallons of hot chocolate and cursing over the characters with their own minds. Even though this chapter is a bit slow and kind of just building up. But, as my small and loyal fanbase, I guess I should give the long answer, right? I mean, I wasn't even 30 years old and doctors were telling me that my knee had been deteriorated to the condition of someone twice my age. When it came time to be seen, the therapist asked me what I wanted my end goal of the next six weeks after doing therapy. He then directed me to do 3 sets of 12, concentrating on the contraction of my quads. Some were with weight, others were only body weight. . My weight was dropping, I was feeling better, and being pain free was NIIICE. And as of today, I'm two-weeks out from my first bodybuildng competition: it's my way of proving to myself that I can still do anything and a testament to my accomplishment. But finally after such a long time, shit is back in order. Yesterday my tutor stormed out of the room, crying that I was a hopeless case. Yet…somehow, having someone hold my train never stopped me from making a complete fool out of myself. My sneeze comes out like a horse's snort. Luckily, my skirts hide my mistake, but my face shows how much I suffer. The queen wipes her hand on her gown, and I pray that she doesn't order my beheading. Honestly, instead of adding trains to gowns, we could clothe London's poor and save lives while reliving debutantes of their burden. I have survived the most important event of my life—except for my wedding, which is an entirely different matter. Lady Ainsworth wraps her arm around my shoulders and leads me away from the palace and into her carriage. Scandalous! - Pride and Prejudice (Jane Austen)It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single guy who is rich, hot, and popular must want an equally rich, hot, and popular girlfriend. It was sweltering outside, and even though we had our air conditioning running full blast, it was still irritatingly hot. My mother had absolutely no inhibitions about being inconspicuous. But why anyone would want to spend an entire summer in Santa Monica when they could be anywhere else is beyond me. At least not enough for a family. Brooke was nerdy like that. The look she gave me said to do as I was told. If it wasn't for them making me cook for my younger siblings none of this would have happened. This is there fault! What more could I possibly do! Notice I said . He said with that smug face. So, I prayed and a lot of good that did me. Everything she worked for is falling down right in front of her. This must be a nightmare. She knew from the second she didn't receive her pay check that something is wrong but she never expected to be fired over something she didn't do. Today was the 17th and she hasn't paid her rent, Mr. Jones will, for sure, kick her out of her apartment as well by the end of day if she didn't come up with the 500$. She contemplated the idea of not answering, but thinking her day couldn't get any worse, Amber picked up the phone. Continued the voice. She wanted to jump like a little girl, but she knew that she doesn't have time to waste. He waited too long but he'll make her pay for what her mother did. The thought of breaking her gave him the needed push to cum in Ella's greedy mouth. Why would he, personally, make an interview with her? The man standing in front of Amber was dripping with sensuality and sex appeal. Her probable boss, Carlisle Williams' son, is taking her out for lunch! How did they know that she even existed? Truth be told, Amber was feeling frightened of Tristan, something about him, beside his unbelievable attractiveness, was very disturbing. Thank god he didn't ask for tea, Amber mumbled to herself. He looked wild and untamed with his hair sticking up in every direction; apparently he had allowed his fingers to go through his black strands for a few times. The fabric of their pants unable to stop Amber from feeling Tristan's cock throbbing with lust and radiating heat. No one alive has ever seen her naked, not even her mother. God she was getting wet. There's too much drama in her life. It had become a game between the two of them, she trying to set him up with both boys and girls to see which one he went for and him doing his best to remain ambiguous. No doubt Amber would make sure to send in one of her close friends to spill all the details the second the 7 minutes was up. or sexually confused. The problem was, he found girls pretty, but…they never really seemed to do it for him. This was the perfect opportunity to get some alone time with him without having to out himself. He could tell by the sound of the person's breath that they were near the door of the closet, but beyond that he knew nothing more than he had a minute ago. Amber was going to pay for forcing him to make out with some random chick of hers that probably had onion ring breath and liked to use her tongue as a projectile. Oddly though, it felt like it was coming down from above him, which meant the person had to be taller than him. Amber had sent some barbarian woman in here to have her way with him. He'd never experienced claustrophobia before, but he was willing to bet this was exactly how people with it felt. The guy didn't let go of him, though. His brain didn't seem to be able to process what was happening, rendering him basically paralyzed. The boy he'd also had a crush on for as long as he could remember. This title, of course, came with nice little entitlements like getting your ass kicked whenever you walked home alone and wearing your lunch instead of eating it. Good, at least this way no one would be able to see his tears. It's true. But female. Okay, not really, but an elderly woman from a hospital, come on, that's cool, right? I may as well just shine his shoes and sweep his chimney while I'm at it. She's very tempestuous. Those stethoscopes creep me the hell out. I pat the hospital map fondly. I didn't realise I was that excited. Not many people wear clothes from the 1600s. Dear Lord, I expect some sort of lavender bubble bath when I get up there. And besides, it's locked. Running down to the ground floor is no good for that. Why, I look lovely. Well, isn't she just a myriad of character? Too expensive, what with the eyes, nose, lips, hair and knee surgeries. It's a habit that makes my mum brandish the kitchen knife. I feel like I need to talk to her from inside a stall so her face won't be tainted by my royal sweaty-and-puffy-ness. I hope I didn't say that out loud. Who would've guessed? Adhesive can be quite fascinating. It's very expressive. Yeah, that's what I thought. We receive no respect what so ever. Before long, he composes himself and studies me through slitted eyes. Okay, you get the picture. I just have to make sure I stand at a minimum of two metres around the bed. I apologise when she purses her lips. It's irony in shoe form. He's not an eighteen-year-old man, he's a thirteen-year-old, lego-building, action-figure-wielding monster. Imagine it. And I slam the door. And by young adult literature, I mean Cosmo magazines and online fluff. Ugh, what is this, Dress Like Fairy Floss Week? I say in response to her sceptic look. I will admit that a fluffy pillow drops onto my stomach when she finishes. He's surely taking his time. Metamorphic, maybe. Mental institution is down the street, bucko! Oh. Oh dear God, save me now. I feel like my head is supporting the weight of a five tonne slab of cement and this whale on top of me is really just the cherry on top. Really, I sunburn inconceivably easily. Good work, dork. There's even chocolate-flavoured chicken, for crying out loud. Honestly, it's not a neon flashing sign, people; just get over it! Had he been Superman, I'm sure it would have crumbled under his grip. If) and scold me with her eyes. And then I realise that I'm creepy and stop. I ask, pointing,  It's three thirty now. I say slowly. I know I have an insanely wide grin on my face because my cheeks are beginning to ache and when he looks back at me, he looks assaulted. Compared to school, coming here is a holiday. she whispers, and leaves. It's surprising how empty this room feels without him barking orders at me. Nope. I grunt and press the button beside it and the bed shifts downwards with a whine of machinery. I'm quite enjoying his heat enveloping me, and come on, when else am I going to be in the pleasurable company of a shut up Jacob? I almost giggle when I see a distinct, light line just underneath his hairline, clearly from wearing a cap during his games. Retreat, retreat! All that energy, trying to keep her ruddy little secret was a darn old waste. So I'm standing here holding the door open for a million nurses as they wheel out a billion trolleys from the ER, quaking in my boots, letting the remorse riddle up my feet and legs, just eating away greedily. They must know about my hatred towards doors. That's sounds mildly perverse) towards me, a confused-slash-amused-slash-determined look on his face. Without a second thought, I pummel down the hall and when he's out of sight, I swing open the first door I see. I feel terrible, to say the least. Or Mr. Darcy, convincing Bingley to leave Jane, but at least his was of noble cause. Although, she didn't really tear them apart, she was just annoying and whiny and… I'm not doing myself any favours. I let go of my nose. That one. Roar, woman, roar! It's not getting me very far. What a gentleman. Oh God. Yep, it's definitely directed at me. It sounds as if he's mocking her, snide and bitter. Way to let my nobility go to waste. Ironically, this all happens in a hospital. Yes, I attracted help pretty much instantaneously. In Room S22. I make a move to get up but a twisting pain shoots up my leg and I fall back onto the pillow with a groan. :) I know, it's quite different from my other stories, but, again, I want to try out different types of stories and writing styles. Time. It was not exactly the mystical senior year she heard so much about from Danae's older brother but the fact that she was reaching her penultimate year of high school filled her with excitement and nervousness nonetheless. It wasn't the flashiest outfit but Melissa wasn't a flashy girl if her perpetual status as a single chick was any indication. He was also the star of many of her diary entries such as the one she was about to pen this very moment. It's so not fair that I fall in love with the one guy whom I could never have (and yes I'm absolutely positive he does not like me at all). What's wrong with trying to reach for that fairy-tale romance that is always portrayed in those goofy cheesy teen romance movies I love oh so much? Chuckling to herself, Melissa turned off her bedside lamp and fell into a deep sleep, curious as to what the promise of tomorrow would bring. Mr. Carlson searched his roster. I replied. Lindsey blushed. I whirled around. I said hotly. My mouth dropped open. A.J. said. I replied. He said. She paused and then clicked her case shut. I glared. I wasn't that creative, and if I were to use some folklore creature, I would have picked Santa Claus, only because then I would get presents by that jolly fat man. But anywho—what was I getting at? Grade 12, his last year—the lucky piece of shit. A lot of people became extremely bubbly and almost so hyper that I feared they would explode into millions of bloody pieces when a holiday greeted them. I waved back with a smile. His way of speaking often drove me up the wall. She was one of those holiday-upbeat people, and I enjoyed her enthusiasm, because I shared it, just not as dramatically. I wondered if Marc had a similar secret. Thankfully, he was quicker than this. Sure, a small bit of chocolate compared to a new stereo was pretty much a gyp, but what could ya' do? Before he could get far, however, a loud shriek caught both of our attentions. He slowly uncurled from the painful position, groaning softly though his lips, and he lifted a hand to rub his shoulder. It went sailing over his head, landing loudly on the street. Who the hell would get themselves pink contacts? I inspected him for a little while longer, and he apparently returned the gesture. I should have been excusing myself by now, but I still wanted to ask him about his contacts, and especially about why that chick had tossed him off her doorstep. When I didn't make a move to take the egg, the boy turned to Marc, who was standing beside me, silent. . Especially from suspicious pink-eyed boys who wore bunny-ear bands. I watched him, partially shocked by his boldness, and then he stepped back and held the egg out to me again, lips set determinedly. a bomb in the egg? Marcus and I watched him, perplexed and worried for his sanity. As I held it in my hand, I realized just how fragile the egg was—and just as I thought this, I heard a crunch and I stopped walking. My eye and cheekbone throbbed. Marc, from a few feet away, was staring, wide-eyed, at the event taking place before him. Bringing home a fake boyfriend is never a good idea, right? I refrained from rolling my eyes, only because the woman on the other end of the line wouldn't be able to see the gesture. A picture was worth a thousand words, and there were more than enough pictures to toss 'just a misunderstanding' out the window. Not that I knew for sure, since he wasn't answering any of our calls. Currently, I viewed her more as the cheating-congressman than the faithful mother in this scenario, but of course I wouldn't voice that opinion. She was only two or so inches shorter than me, but between her sundresses, ballet flats and doe-eyed expression she looked younger and more innocent than I could ever pass for. What I worked for seemed to always fall onto Nora's lap, and though I loved her dearly, it was too difficult a trait to not resent from time to time. I had, after all, given her my blessing. He'd be the star of the event, I'm sure, and I'd have no choice but to stand in a room where all the insanity would unfold. I'm pretty sure her family's money comes from some stupid microchip enterprise that nobody gave a damn about because some big name computer monopoly got it. That's expecting too much intelligence from her and her gene pool. She's oblivious like that. Honestly, can't a kid just go to his speech class and listen to people bitch for an hour in peace? It's speech class for fuck's sake. I can feel her body heaving from the laughter she's suppressing. Modest faces the floor and even still I can see his auburn eyes through his mess of dark brown curls. I grip Soya a little tighter, and grin at him. I even have a cot set up. Ungrateful little whore just can't even wait four minutes for me to take a phone call. She's used to the treatment, but she just goes back to what she was doing anyways. Sometimes I wonder why I'm attracted to such stupid whores. She gives a shout of pain this timeand falls backwards, and I simply grab her and force her onto the cot. I'd rather blow out my own brains, and I've seen some of those drivers. He drove my dad around. My grandfather had to run from the country for selling nuclear bomb secrets or something like that. I think that's the best benefits of being a mafia prince. I've lived in America for all of my life, and I consider myself American above anything else. At least, that's how it is for me anyways. They're not quite that stupid as to test the kid with the gun. I cast a look that tells her to shut up before I turn back to Kazimir. Finally, I don't have to hear her talking anymore. That's the good thing about having a stolen cop car in the city – people have to pull over. I also tell him that if Kazimir was told the information and wasn't told that it was classified, then it's not. Every single one of them is so far beneath me the heel of my boots could crush them without me even noticing. Hence then comes my cot in the library. he mutters so quietly I don't even acknowledge it as I press my head further back against the seat. I feel him shake against me, but he doesn't fight the grip I have on him, and even Kazimir begins laughing. Just as I guessed, even though my father wants the geek, he still has no spine. I'm not complaining. It's such a shame, really, the things the poorer classes must endure. I assume the fear from the car ride is just too much for him, but I've never seen anyone cry so much over the speed of a vehicle, especially a guy. So, I lift my hand to hit him. I can't believe that little runt has the nerve to touch me, let alone stop me. That only makes me more pissed. he says in Russian, his voice coming out like a deep growl. Frankly, nobody would give a damn that Kaz was the driver – so us having to walk up to the house doesn't seem like a bad idea. Grr! Jesse Destiny Deacon: Lesbian Extraordinaire. Her brunette hair (I've always had a thing for brunettes, despite the fact that I -myself- am a blonde) was piled in a messy bun atop her head, that was thrown back exposing her delicate throat, as she laughed throatily at whatever the person on the phone said. I rolled my eyes before coming to poor Mikey's defence. Their deep voices lulling me into a sort of thought induced trance. Not that I have one. It's the only reason I have the choice to attend, because my family owns it. Hells yeah! . And god forbid mother not be home and they resort to dad… really, it makes me want to die. Go mom! And boy did he have the ego to go with it. Where Seth was a smooth talking hottie, Mikey was your adorable blonde skater boy. he was more along the lines of ruggedly handsome, it was the exotic Italian lineage. Damien was only just getting over his last girlfriend who cheated on him, with half of her public school's football team… that slut. It comes with being the only girl of the group. to the three not losing a prospective  that is. I turned back to look at the girl who was looking at the piece of paper, her face the picture of confusion. . Good, bad … ugly? Great, then you can read it on Wattpad here: www . I'm sorry for the inconvenience but I just can't take any more of it. Now, if only he'd stop thinking about her. Not even one iota. Much more complicated. Being a guy, he'd only shrugged. Not that, you know, I was bitter or anything. He barely glances at me. I know, it's a bummer. Yeah, I visited often. I'm speechless. Bugger. Finally, it clicks in. Dogs could smell him across the world, which would explain the numerous bitches he'd hooked up with. Hee. I mean, I know he can be a girl at times, but really, why does he smell like a girl? Oh god, how should I react? He tries lamely, even though we both know the reason he's doing this is her. Only, there is no us, is there? It's embarrassingly hard to miss, his stuttering when we see her in the driveway, putting out the rubbish. So I slap him. Sure, we've never actually sat down and defined what we were, but still, I think three years constitutes as something more than friend with benefits. Smug bastard. I promise under my breath, storming out. I hate guys. Either's good. For me, not him. I can feel the eyes of his brother staring at me from the open doorway. I'm fine. I want revenge. I scowled, and waved my hand. People that gorgeous tended to magnetize towards one another, right? Elijah did so, his expression one of mocking instead of the intensity I'd told him he needed to have. I was thinking of the entire process from the very beginning. He bent down, taking Christy's face in his hands, and kissed her gently on the lips. At least, that's what I told myself. He gripped Christy's hand, the other reaching for her with yearning. I snapped the pictures. She giggled. Not that I blamed her, or anything. I started folding up my tripod, and Elijah took over the story. He slung it over his shoulder. Elijah must have noticed, because he kept poking me in the back as we walked. Unless it was Elijah's (or my own). I didn't know if this was frightening or awesome. Elijah said when he settled back in the passenger seat. Before I could even get off my seat belt, Elijah had bounded out of the car to grab my things. After three years we weren't quite sure. Elijah was so easy. Bad things happen, and you get banned from printing in the darkroom alone for the rest of your college career. Great fun. In any case, I popped in my earbuds, turned on my iPod, and went to work. I didn't like using the timer, I'd trained my eye to automatically figure out the time increments on the analog clock. He'd gone to the subway in the cafeteria. Elijah gently took the bag from me and pulled out his own sandwich. It seemed like she only had eyes for Elijah, and even though it had been my project, I felt like a third wheel. I felt a twinge of happiness, but it was overrun when Elijah grabbed the other end of the long strip and looked. I flipped on the amber light and started setting up. Of course, it was one of the one's where Elijah and Christy were kissing. Elijah, who had long since heard me lecture about every step of the developing process, wasn't even paying attention to what I was doing as I bustled about, putting the strip in developer and watching it carefully. I busied myself with putting another negative in the tray of the enlarger, not wanting to see him kissing Christy. It was so real, so lifelike, I couldn't handle it. He nodded, and left the darkroom without a word. But I wasn't going to earn a living making artsy photos, so I started looking up prices for Nikons. Absolute silence reigned. Standing in the harsh florescence having a strained conversation with my best friend wasn't my idea of a fun time. Once we were in the light, blinking back against the harshness, I pointed at the exposure counter. It wasn't a difficult machine, but she was as enamored with vintage cameras as I was. She smirked. It went with making surrealistic art, I always thought. I nodded in agreement. Once I had the film in the canister, I got on one of the lab's Macs and looked up developing times for the film. I held the negatives up to the light, and shrieked. I set the timer, and watched in anticipation. He had his hands stuck in the pockets of his ratty jeans, and his blue plaid shirt unbuttoned just enough to show off the cross necklace I'd given to him for his birthday one year. He just had to know me that well. He did have a nice laugh, and I always had a rush of pleasure when I managed to pull one out of him. Elijah was at my heels. It was probably almost new at the time the photo was taken. He was old hat at moving the photos to the next tray for me, as he'd spent many an hour killing time between classes bugging me as I worked. They all had similar expressions of joy. I was too charmed by the fact that I was developing photos taken by someone over sixty years earlier. He looked unsure. He was home, with his family. He just dutifully moved the paper over to the next trays when he was supposed to. A sibling? And no one else had seen these pictures, except Elijah. I rocked the tray slightly, letting the developer work its magic. His expression was so much like that of the soldier that it was almost too much to take. Who wouldn't fall in love with handsome, lovable Elijah? There was a print dryer, but after the thing mangled some portraits I'd spent hours working on, I tended to eschew it in favor of the old fashioned method. Even in the darkness. And let me tell you, such an emotional rush left me completely shaken. As of right now, I'm not too sure if this is a strange idea for a story, haha. That's a popular one. A simple, every-day desk in the back of a history classroom. Sometimes, if you're lucky, you get a foot rest attached to your desk, or maybe a metal basket welded to the underside that holds your books. People always have to write on them, just because they're there, and said person is equipped with a Sharpie. Mine was slightly slanted with widely-spaced letters, and his was crooked and close together. When she saw me, she pushed off the metal and joined me while I walked down the hallway. No matter how many times I begged her to think of a new (more mature) nickname for him, maybe even make up a fake name until we found out his real one, she refused to quit calling him that. I was seated at my desk in Mr. Campbell's fourth period History class, and I was bored out of my ever-loving mind. But the man just kept going like a tape rewound and played over and over again. The bell seemed like a lifetime away. I also wondered why he didn't teach a class about Scientific Extinction, since he had been around when the dinosaurs walked the earth. He was too senile to notice, anyway. Out of sheer boredom, I began to scratch some letters into the surface. If the man barely got up to go to the bathroom, I highly doubt he would walk around his classroom after school to check for writing on the desks. The front of the classroom seemed miles away from my sheltered corner of the room. I followed suit, unable to wait to meet Samantha for lunch. By the time a few weeks had passed, however, we had nearly a dozen lines of a conversation written on the desk. We would be free of Mr. Campbell's classroom forever. He played saxophone in the school band and bass guitar in his free time. However, I refrained from doing that for two reasons. Our conversations (and my only source of amusement every day, fourth period) might come to an end. Mr. Campbell, although quite senile, might make the connection that I was the one who put it there. Reviews would be really appreciated; I'd love to know what you guys think so far. If you're interested in an ARC in exchange for a review, please email me at heather DOT myers AT ymail DOT com. I assured him that she would in time. Do they understand that I am much more than a mere symbol of what comes once their mortal clocks run down? How could they? They see me as a monster, a cruel, hungry creature wielding a cold iron blade with which to cut them down. I was there. Envy is nowhere near pity. Am I cold because I do not shed tears upon every frozen hand I touch when bidding each soul to walk with me? No, I hunger for what mortals were gifted with since the dawning of their race. Even the churches, regardless of faith, with boasts of piety and truth do not think to examine their so-called sins. Soulless, empty, a means to an end they don't understand. With no peace to claim for myself. And I am tired, so very tired. That the bearer is untouchable, unbreakable, that they are as stone. It is in the nature of our relationship with our mortal cousins to be affectionate. Even the knowledge of how wrong it is to succumb to it does little to lessen the pain. Devotion so pure that it becomes blinding. I could never say why it was this consuming intimacy I needed, yet I needed it with desperation too sharp to be countered by hope alone. I needed to feel alive again. A woman grown from the girl I watched over as a child, a ward I took beneath my wing upon a whim, out of some kindred sense of empathy. perhaps it was inevitable that I would need her too. She is not one to listen lightly to the declarations of a strange man's heart. Yet so long as I may have the pleasure of just once looking into her eyes, hearing her voice shaped for my ears, I will consider myself content. I couldn't believe myself, and I was starting to get cold. At least she let me borrow them, or I would have definitely thrown a fit. I ended up choosing the later one, only because I knew no one was at home, I was lazy, and I had always had this insane urge to walk through the house completely naked. But I had other things to think about right that second. That was the point. Why the hell wasn't I running? He hesitated a little before blurting out. I snorted. But unfortunately is wasn't curly, it was acctually pretty straight. I nodded towards the black bag on the floor in which I could clearly see my sister's laptop sticking out. Especially when there was a good looking guy involved. Drying myself off with the towel, I changed into my pajamas and went to open the door before realizing that there was a note that had obviously been slipped under. You never know. Her other friends also seemed wrapped up in boys. Eva had said that magical things were to happen at their eighth grade formal, but all Emma felt was uncomfortable. Nerves made her play with the necklace and judging from how hard she was tugging on it now, her emotions played clearly across her body. He mostly kept to himself, however…opting to skip the 'popular' route and befriending some nice boys. Emma looked down at them and noticed how big they were. she stuttered. Eva was the one who was good with boys. This exchange felt like it took years, but only a few seconds had passed. Say yes and dance with Jacob. Emma shyly smiled back, and then turned back to Jacob. They would walk home together after school and even had their parents drive them to the movies for their first 'date. But when she met up with her very first boyfriend in the hallway, he wore a happy grin on her face. After all, Jacob WAS her first boyfriend. So for those of you who love fluff…this is full of it. . Never let the love for reading die. And for lunch? 'Mr Money Bags? It's wonderful to meet you. Fifteen? And already an accomplished alcoholic. 'I've never heard of it. ' Oh, this was fun. , she countered simply. She would have been overjoyed with the gesture of love. Her mortality was fragile as ever, and each moment of the passing months he wondered why in Satan's name he had not turned her while he still could. The girl meant too much to him. She hushed him gently, kindly petting his curls as he sobbed, telling him sweetly that there was nothing to worry about. There would be times when I would sit in class and be half in reality, half in a trance, and other days where I would be in my full-fledged fantasy world. In addition, for many people… like me, for example… that big dream easily becomes a nightmare. Now was Wednesday. Nope, Tyler's the real one to blame. Either way, that Toyota 4x4 was speeding down 32 like some teenager without their driver's license. And I stared, speechless. Oh, God… what's happening? My own hands were clammy, and I hissed. Who's driving, anyway? I kept my eyes closed and my breathing level, even after the driving came to a slowing stop. Just subtle things. Yeah, Jaime was the pretty one. Also known as the first room you see when you walk into the house. Huh? Even the smallest things could set them off and send them hurtling into a shouting match, and sometimes their voices weren't the only things they threw. well, Dad's weren't exactly 'lectures', unless a lecture was something that made you not able to see straight for a week. Pictures. Not yet. The last time anybody ever talked about the photos was three years ago, when we had just moved into this house and Hale was unpacking them from their box and wiping them clean of dust. He'd shrugged and went back to work, and I went back to reading. I just walk in and stay in my room until about 6:30 or so, that's when things die down and somebody starts making dinner. I like that about him; the randomosity of it. It's a comfortable system we've worked out. I always mumble about why he even bothers collecting CD's anymore, since nobody listens to them. it'll only make you more alone. It's nice, I decide. living in a glass house. I'm too tired to think of more adjectives at the moment. The whole dining room's got this red tint; she's changed the decor because it's autumn now and she likes decorating things. Dad was close to throwing a bucket of paint at Mom when Jaime broke it up, begging them to stop. So I move along from chewing stale noodles and just concentrate on what's going on at the table. I sit up, and see Hale outlined in the doorway. I guess I can continue my thoughts while listening to music, can't I? Hale's room was in the basement and mine upstairs, facts that weren't all too convenient. So I drive solo to school everyday, gas prices be damned. I don't even remember falling asleep. I smirk and look forward, certain that he'll stay quiet now. Besides, he's a dumbass for not wearing his seatbelt anyway. And I won't. Because his college was relatively close, he just drove there each day and saved money by living at home instead of at the dorms. My prediction was proved correct as I passed his room on the way to Hale's; it was empty and cold looking. I blink and stand up, walking over to the stereo. I push the disc back in and press play, planning to just listen to a few songs and then go back upstairs and eat, maybe read a magazine or something. ' from the singer, I press the 'next' button and hope the next one's a little happier. Satisfied with my music choice, I stand up and reprimand myself as my hips start swaying just a little bit in time to the beat. Must be the darkness that lulls you. there's someone listening in. Took me weeks to finish, but it's finally done, thank god. . The rapid pace of his breath, the way his lips trembled when he sucked in, told me that his lies were slowly coming to an end. I could feel myself trembling in her powerless arms, my own breathing restricted to my nostrils, signifying immaturity and damned childish ignorance. He had already shot my father in the thigh; our family was sitting in a puddle of his blood, sins, and lies. My eyes turned uneasily to my mother, hoping for some guidance to a renewed sense of courage, but she remained the same; vulnerable and without the desire to exist. I had finally reached my limit. I yawned and stared up at the ceiling, trying to recall my dream. I traced the edges of my eyes, my nose, and my lips on my unenthusiastic reflection. It was written in a familiar, yet detested, scrawl that only revealed the writer's untameable impatience. I, Linne, am not a tool. The flapping of money filled the silence that had soon overtook us. I wasn't going to spend a penny of his damned money. Unfortunately and fortunately before I would present myself in only my undergarments in front of the crowd that gathered below, Stone had already grabbed my hands and he forcefully pressed me up against the wall. He stood up and, with it aimed at Trigs, pulled the trigger of his revolver. I hate it all. Touching the corner of my mouth, I allowed the salty drops to finally roll down my cheeks. You know who you are. Feeling this way about a man on the other end of the phone was ridiculous. But suddenly her sister's voice stopped and she heard the sweet, sweet, voice of someone she shouldn't feel all giddy about. Was it weird to be attracted to a man she'd never actually met? His tone was a little different, and a little more strained. It was wonderful. Which… she was. Could she be any more transparent? Just perfect. His baby brother was late, as usual. Well, more so than his brother. Restlessly he popped into the seat opposite Solo and rubbed his freezing hands together. Damn, why couldn't he remember it? Jean? He was over it, mostly. How very unbrotherly of you. He should feel proud, only apparently in this household lawyer trumps accomplished novelist. Solo couldn't think straight when she was talking to him. Of course, upon hearing this, Solo left her another voicemail. It was ridiculously easy to tell a random stranger about the woes of life if they didn't actually know you. Sometimes she was walking her dog, sometimes she was cooking, horribly, sometimes she was watching TV and Solo would desperately search through his own until he found the channel she was watching. Sure he had nice, hair, and maybe his height was a good thing, but ladies weren't exactly breaking down the door. All he knew was if his mystery girl ever actually got to know him she'd realize he was nothing more than a boring human being. Maybe she had one of those little beauty marks somewhere on her face, maybe the corner of her mouth, or just under her eye. Someone always got hurt, and this time it was little cousin Kyle who thought shoving seventeen marshmallows in his mouth was a good idea. Their mother had already started planning the wedding, and their father looked less than impressed that his youngest was off marrying some no-good lawyer from the big city. O'Malley. Could she be anymore of a fan girl? It was wonderful really, too wonderful. Obviously she told him. Sure she didn't want to be Maid of Honor, but choosing a man over her own sister was slightly insulting. 08. Possibly. What happened to loyalty? Right? Get on with it! Pft! It was bustle of activity, games occupied every court. His blonde hair was dripping with sweat, and his grey eyes sparkled with happiness. I recognised those! Edited. . ! I think not. I seriously need to work up the courage to tell Joey I'm gay. He had an odd expression on his face. Speak in sentences; I know you can do it! Yes, ladies and gentlemen, the million dollar question. A simple question like that bothered him so much. I patted his head and said,  I have no clue why I said that but I doubt it scared him anymore then he already was. Did she really think I'd want to date her after seeing her talk to her own brother like that? All I know is that he needed to get out of the house and I did not want to be around Jessica. I was tempted to ask why he was so shy but I doubt he'd like that. I just grinned. Shock horror, I know. Oh well, I'm doing my civil duty to make him branch out from the normal 'all cheese'. "Who's that? ). I threw the paper towels at him. I quickly went back to eating my pizza. and I was wasting yet another Wednesday night serving coffee fixes to the sea of Californian addicts. Like wearing sunglasses at night when you're not blind or albino. Trust me, coffee burns, steam burns, verbal burns probably hurt a lot more than simple grease burns. I go to a laundry mat like all of the other students. Actually, sort of, very attractive? I asked him. My hands shook as I finished off his order and I nearly crushed the cup as I jammed the lid on. This is a fictional story. The light from the full moon created eerie shadows, the sounds of small rodents scurrying sent shivers through her body. Swiftly turning, pressing her back against the brick wall, she was terrified by what was crouched down in front of her. She stood stock still, afraid any slight movement would set them off. Her last conscious memory was the pain of her flesh ripping before she was slammed roughly into the brick, her mind becoming clouded with darkness, escaping the pain that was tearing through her body. Her eyes couldn't see past the material, she could only make out mismatched blurred figures. She was clothed in a delicate sheer dress that covered her body, but provided little modesty. The footsteps ceased, and her chest rose and fell rapidly as both her breathing and heart rate increased. There was also a captivating intricate tattoo that peaked over his shoulder, seeming to continue down his back, hints of the markings creeping around the right side of his chest. . It was at that moment she realized the sheets had fallen to her waist. A psychotic creep? The blood in her veins however, seemed to be positively singing with his close presence. Once her hand was encased in his, he rapidly drew her back into his body, rolling them so he was perched above her. She was so confused, scared, terrified. No matter how appealing his scent was to her senses, or how attractive he was in every way to her. She trembled as he shifted slightly, his hot, hard and large erection nudging her thigh through his pants. That sounded like a plausible, logical solution to the situation. Gently seating her in an enormous arm chair, Kyra watched as Darick took a few measured steps back from her. Taking another step back from her, she watched as his body shivered, and he collapsed onto all fours, his body suddenly exploding in a mass of silky black fur. Two beasts, the moon, her flesh tearing, burning pain, darkness. She wordlessly chanted. Quickly tiring, she melted into his embrace as his lips pressed against her hair and face. What I love about spring is that winter is over and the promise of summer entices everyone's thoughts. His thumb made circles on my stomach, while his other hand began to mess with the button on my jeans, sending warning sirens off in my head. We didn't even know each other! After what seemed like hours, we finally pulled into the crowded street and found a place to park. The though left me utterly disgusted. That seemed to set him off. Was it because I knew that there was truth in his words? My movements were like a robot as I went on auto-pilot to my bathroom and flipped on the harsh vanity lights. I would be proud to have me as girlfriend, but maybe that's just my biased opinion. Ace had been a nickname nearly everyone had used for me since I was a little girl, no one really knew where it came from, but it stuck. Andrew liked her a lot, and I could even see them getting married someday. That feeling quickly evaporated as our lips were reconnected, and the shyness of earlier was gone. -J. The sight was somewhat disconcerting to me, and I found myself wondering when and why Dad had gotten that done. My father seemed perfectly happy though and, bitterness aside, I suppose I was happy for all that he'd accomplished. I was going on twenty-three years old—being senior at UNC—and I had not the slightest idea what I wanted to do with myself. I'm Hayden, the wandering daughter. Basketball had always been my life, and that was all because of him. I heard the sound of the door unlocking, and taking a breath to dispel my nervousness, I waited as it opened. I can't rightly say when and why that all changed, but the fact of the matter was that it had, and his abnormally warm welcome couldn't help but make me feel uneasy. it was too uncharacteristic of him to be acting the way he was. My unknown adversaries; and he wanted me to be a part of them? Perhaps I should have felt a bit of remorse for my dear Uncle James, as truly I could relate to his position, but at the moment I could only be angry with him for deciding to get married and putting such ridiculous notions into my father's aging head. Now, it only meant he wanted something. because it was Dad-related. It would be me, just as it always had been. Now, with three years of experience under my belt, I was estimated to have a breakout year, even topping my stats from last year of sixteen points and six assists per game. He must be getting far more senile than I had realized! I could almost sense his enthusiasm for the game by just looking at him. Although I couldn't tell the color because of the awful resolution of the picture, I noticed that he and Welling as well boasted a head full of somewhat shaggy curls. He plays his position like a point guard that has an amazing jump shot—he's got to be one of the toughest guys I know, and shares the duty of leading the team with Wells, even though it's only his second year in the program. I could almost hear the young man's laughter through the picture. I think he would have continued to ramble had I not let out an elaborate yawn. Let the fun begin. With a sigh, she turned away from her reflection and grabbed her bag. If she showed any reaction, it would only make things worse. Her resolve weakened slightly, but then Cindy spoke up. Kaitlyn's eyes widened in disbelief before her expression returned to neutral. She didn't want to know if he was thinking about all of this. For whatever reason, Ash always seemed to have it out for her and used every opportunity to humiliate her. Kaitlyn sighed and headed over. Kaitlyn was a bit surprised to see Cindy getting off the motorcycle with Ash. Unfortunately, Ash hated Kaitlyn. With that she turned back to her friends. He was always so good at calming her down and making sure she was prepared before every speech she made. she whispered, just loud enough for the microphone to pick up before everything went black. Ash styled his hair in a slight Mohawk and wore obscure band shirts and worn out jeans, while Linc opted for the bed head look and was most likely to wear anything from the Gap. Grabbing her bag, she headed to the nearest washroom. As the co-captain, Kaitlyn was expected to set an example. The entire class seemed to watch her every move as she crossed the room to where Mr. Lyons was standing. He had written the song specifically for Kaitlyn. It all seemed so right. He immediately walked over to her. Aunt Patty wanted Kaitlyn to concentrate on her studies, not focus on things like singing or boys. She decided her best bet was to ambush him when he came out to his car. He leaned against the car next to her. Well, that explained everything. You do not mess with our friends and expect to get away with it". The girls now standing were shifting their weight between their feet and looking at the group, with the exception of Becky, who seemed so confident that she didn't belong there. Then she turned back to the girls with a smile. she said in a friendly tone as if she was surprised to see Becky up there. Or at least it was supposed to. She walked back over to the table and took a seat. She leaned casually against the door jamb as if she didn't have a care in the world. Outside the murmurs of Mother Nature stirring crept to my ears. Stars inhibited my vision as my eyes adjusted to the harsh brightness of morning light. Yeah, you guessed it; I was totally rooting for the former of the two. Sounds a bit too hostile considering its 'fluffy' definition. Stay focussed, I ordered myself stopping my eyes from wandering down the V muscles gorges of his lower abdomen. Maybe. Ignoring the limp form of the arm on my hip, I raised and balanced my weight on my elbows. JSNDGJBSDG. I loved how people like her existed… it gave me a little hope for the human race. ', right? Actually, I was surprised I wasn't falling over in complete agony. Cause I'm kind like that. It was the sad truth. I asked when her stare wouldn't waver. Shut up, it happened before, it can happen again. If only she knew how much of a bitch I can truly be. She didn't leave me time to answer. I felt myself chuckling. Please. she finished. Tabloids would dub me as a diva. While she seemed nice and genuine enough, I had this guard that zinged whenever something was too good to be true. Ha. She stopped, and she seemed rather self-conscious. You were watched: you were judged and criticized. All I knew was that I had to get to class on time and get a good seat. I was a little wary of the relationship, but shrugged it off until I actually found myself liking her. And then proceeded to run away as if her life depended on it, and maybe it did. She'd skip auditions her agent signed up for her, but she wouldn't skip a charity event. I didn't have class until the next two days so I could sacrifice a bit of my time for the likes of her. Slim to none. Suddenly, Leigh grabbed my hand and dragged me to the back of the café. Could they handle my death on their conscience? I laughed out loud at that. I felt my head pound once before everything cleared and I looked at Leigh with something between a glare and amusement. I'm usually not speechless, but when you catch me at a time that I am, then you know something's up. And those shoulders. Jeez. But with a body like that I hardly think he'd need any ego caressing. Gee. I think that was disgust on her face. Usually when people introduced someone to me like that, the next words out of their mouth was,  or something equally nauseating. I was capable of having a heart. She turned back to me triumphantly. Especially since it ended with the dog pulling off his shorts in order to get the bread. He looked at me with narrowed eyes. I said, holding my hand out automatically. I pressed when he didn't say anything. He turned to his best friend, his smile bright. He knew it, I knew it, and soon his shin was going to know it. Okay, thanks. I frowned, waving a hand in his face. Suffice to say, I got over my little phase. He was just staring like the uncouth person he was. I tossed my hair over my shoulder. Almost being the operative word. Right, so he was attractive. In terms of not falling at his feet, I mean. So excellent that sometimes I make myself believe what I'm saying. The next time I saw him was 500 hundred years later. He was pompous, yes, but that annoying charm was enough to almost make one disregard his arrogance. Leigh actually told me offhandedly, and my first reaction was seriously falling flat on my face. I voiced that in irritation to Leigh. Yeah, those. My retorts were sharp as a dull knife, I realized, when our first experience with each other replayed itself in my head. I hated procrastinating. I gave myself two seconds to feel like a fool and admire his facial structure before I ducked my head and prayed he didn't look up until I reached my destination. What was he going to do, probe my nose until he was assured it wasn't broken? I forgave him… of course. I was, damn it. I turned to face him fully and crossed my arms across my chest in a contemplative manner. he admitted after I didn't say anything. If he wanted me to treat him like any other guy then he should be happy to know that I usually walked past them without a second thought. Ooh, this book looked interesting. God, this was so typical it was almost laughable. Seriously, I wanted to kill him. I did not bode well with idiots who make a habit of annoying me purposely; I had better things to do than to entertain their obtuse needs… and just because Talen Spencer thought he had the right to  me with his  then he had another thing coming. I was usually late. I bet he used his eyes to blackmail people, because honestly, if I had to deny him right now at this moment, I wouldn't be able to. Albert was watching from the sidelines owlishly. The silence ensued. Asshole. he added,  I had a feeling he was trying to tell me something. Someone please tell me because I cannot see his logic! I wanted to kick someone's ass. Hair to do, legs to wax…? He even dressed the part. He probably did, his hair was to the part. He was a charmer, wasn't he? We stood there, watching each other until I felt myself wearing down. ) and it was simply exasperating to try and dismiss a male who obviously had too much time on his hands. The latter would soon be non-existent. I could listen to Leigh talk about this brilliantly charming best friend of hers for days. She never ran out of fuel. A little authenticity would do both of us some good - hell, more him than me, that was for sure. A brilliant smile was flashed, and I honestly couldn't deny him. It wasn't much different from high school. Leigh was stopped so frequently on our way that I was sending death glares to every next guy that made us pause our journey. Would she be the stupid drunk or smartass kind? Then again, I was limited in my experience in socializing, period. she joked, and then she brightened. Veronica was very attractive, and I doubt she didn't know this. I wisely chose not to notice her suggestive tone. I'd probably only obstruct their vision and… yeah, I really needed to stop with bashing myself. Being intoxicated would probably have been loads better than this. I ignored their (murderous) stares and glanced at my friend. I frowned. They spend their whole lives trying to be famous and when they are, they try to go unnoticed by the world. For no reason. Leigh was torn between scolding him and giggling at my predicament. I immediately scrunched my face and crossed my arms over my chest. Enthusiastically, I waved my arms around. I sighed. The rational functioning part of my brain told me that he got what he wanted, which was to prove to me that no girl escaped his charm unscathed. He had to prove me wrong. At least I had a friend. It was starting to get hot. I laughed a little, high pitched and most amused. He dressed in torn t-shirts and ragged jeans which belied the fact that he made millions of dollars a year. Still, she sat and stared. Looking determinedly at the floor, she stood up to leave. It was a poor way to be compared. Lord knew that she probably had a massive hangover and would not be pleased by a call. It made her slightly depressed to think about it. Rather than soccer games and school fundraisers, they had auditions and photo shoots. When Avis thought about her, she was always torn between jealousy and love. She rolled her eyes. She knew she fighting a losing battle though. Even now, four months later, she still gave him shit about it. She called Annalise but even at eleven, it was still too early and her phone went straight to voicemail. It continually amazed her that the girl had any level of success with that fault. God damn paparazzi. Her breath caught and she almost stopped breathing. Unlike Avis, who was usually content being shy, she wasn't a wallflower. She looked over at him again and he looked adorable eating his food. Their love saga continues the rest of their lives and it is only when they're dead that they're finally together. Still, she had to admit, the dialogue was excellent and it wasn't overly melodramatic when written. Reviews welcome. The worst is when you drag your ass to something you absolutely do not care about and the person running it decides to take their sweet ass time. For once. I like to think of myself as the free-lance writer that covers whatever story he wants. She loves to pretend we're perfect when there's an audience to pretend for. or something like that. He laughs. Like fresh out of school young and really… pretty. In fact, I know he does because I stare right back. I catch John's nod and grin. It was a really shitty night, but man, nothing holds a friendship together like vomit. I swear if I look hard enough two of the clouds look like a perfect set of tits. He raises his eyebrows, demanding further explanation without a word. She loved me because my face was easy on her and in return she went easy on me. One of those fresh out of school hard asses that somehow still think they can be your friend while being a humongous prick. My blood boils and I turn back to the front of the room. And even then he's got nothing to do with the success of the party. Then it hits me that John called him my secret lover. I'm just as hot with a quarter of the effort. He watches me calm and expressionless and I stare back and wonder why he's not moving on or why I don't just look away. The teacher that I cannot figure it out for the life of me. I still don't look at her. If he expected me to give a shit, he's sadly mistaken. He raises his eyebrow and gives me a strange look that I can't even begin to identify. Mascara is running down her cheeks. I appreciate it a lot! Some content may not be suitable for all readers. . He had to be at least six foot two, which towered over her definitely as she was sitting down; and he had the body of a professional soccer player, lean limbs covered with muscle. Her hands moved down to the juncture of her thighs. Grayson leaned in slowly until his lips were against hers. . . I was going to have to come to terms emotionally, not only with myself but with him. Like him. It was easy to remember when we used to dream together of everything he had achieved now. A woman rushed to my side. I looked at my reflection once before heading in. I flattened my hair it one last time and walked through the doors. I walked through the aisles of seats and my heart was matching the beat of the drums. Then the bass, and inevitably, the vocals joined in. I wasn't going to be bitter. I thought he was in St. Louis. Even if I had a soft spot for this one. But I didn't. He was different. I realized he had his little black blazer and thought how cold he must be; it was January in Chicago. But I'd listen because I cared more for him than I'd ever be able to admit to myself. He could barely stand but he took a few steps closer to me. I nearly choked on the memory. Mostly from the encouragement of his brother. Was I getting some kind of sick satisfaction that I could very well be the only girl that ever turned him down? And I wasn't sure I had that deep profound love for Gavin. This was completely out of character for him because he would never say that to her were he sober. He never called her beautiful and he probably didn't miss her like she imagined. It was constant, and it drove me insane. All too often he would snarl something at me if I so much as rolled my eyes or worse, make a point of being a real jerk about it. Lower his cigarette, tap the ashes right close enough for me to jump away, then blow the smoke into my face. But then, there was something else too. I could understand music, yes, but just how someone could be absolutely into it, how he came alive fully when he was onstage, it amazed me. And he broke more hearts than I could fathom. It was just an innocent interview, yes, and I had no say in the assignment, again yes, but he didn't know that. He was too good of a person to hold that against me. He was walking off stage. Max jumped up from his drums and enveloped me into a huge hug. He hadn't changed at all; he was like a big brother. I knew it wasn't going to be awkward around these guys, they were forgiving. Good. I wished he would take them off, I wanted to look into his eyes, to see if he felt like I did, if it was hard for him too. Without a care in the world. I couldn't tell what lay beneath the sunglasses, but maybe I was wrong. Hopefully I'll get through these eight chapters quickly and get the new one out soon :) And (obviously) the song used in this chapter is by The Beatles. He needed to concentrate on escape, search for a weakness in their party and exploit it. His hand naturally wrapped around the handle of the blade he carried but before he could pull it from its leather sheath,he was ambushed and pulled from his horse and dragged to the ground while hands forced his arms to twist tightly behind his back. Which brought him back to the question of why someone would pay for his kidnapping. All he could do was stare. Why did he not recognize her? William was tired of these inexplicable clues being thrown at him but grabbed at whatever was thrown his way. And now it seemed as if Fate laughed back at him in the form of such a woman for dismissing the idea. For now. She had the air of a victorious warrior. They were challenging and unwilling to move an inch in their silent exchange. Half the reason she staged this horrendous affair was to wed someone closer to her age other than that lecherous old man her father had chosen. Either way, it was an improvement over a sixty-three-year-old husband. She would make it up to him when they were properly married, and only after he atoned for his sins. She had to pull herself from her scattered thoughts to keep a straight face for what she about to say. No one had expected him to consider their offer within the hour of Marianne's proposal. He relished the image of having her in his castle and his bed to ease his boredom. Before he could recover, the blade of a dagger pressed against his neck. Curiosity peeked, William wished he knew what these men hid that had their own lady working in their favor. For their lives. So much as startling the man could be the end of him. William enjoyed that he had some control over the situation. He held his hand out to her, waiting for her to take the risk this time. He stood pleasantly above her, the top of her head only reaching his nose, another small thing that worked in his favor. she said, her nose in the air again. Her eyes grew wider when the hand that held her waist in place slid down and clenched her bottom. And she could not explain why she wanted him to touch them other than to intensify the flickering feeling. Certainly it did not happen the way she expected it would, but she was delighted with the outcome nonetheless. When her father discussed Blaise with her, he never mentioned children. She'd married the wrong man! After that, it will go up to 99 cents to hopefully offset the cost of the cover artist. ! For the Ridiculously Happy OneShots contest. ). Oh, this was just peachy. Compared to me and my flat brown hair, obviously un-delighted hazel eyes and current situation with the horse-feces. I would admit to being slightly jealous of the attention he gave her. His blue eyes looked hard and guarded, and where his friend was smiling brightly, his lips formed a straight, unemotional line. I had no time to respond or warn her off as she was already dragging Charlie away by his arm and Darcy was already walking over towards me. Which, I feel embarrassed to admit, was kind of how I had been imagining him since he had walked in the door, especially since he had been introduced by Charlie. Lovely. Whoops…there I go again. Damn him. Just for kicks. I poked him forcibly in the chest. I paused in front of the door of Rusty's stall, and glanced back at Darcy. Smirking, he extended his hand down towards me. And little did I know that this day, this meeting…was only the beginning. It had taken a while to get used to the idea, it seemed too intimate and I still wasn't fond of one Mr. Edward Darcy's behavior and attitude. I was certain he didn't feel the same way, and would only be a heartbreaker. His hands held me steady. I heard Darcy curse behind me and struggle to get up, and it wasn't long before he was giving chase, shouting my name. His eyes had a victorious gleam as he stepped forward, placing his hands on either side of me, caging me in. That coupled with his amazing accent nearly had me buckling at the knees. But then I couldn't, as he dipped his head. That was all I needed to tentatively, and then more assuredly, respond, wrapping my fingers in his shirt as he smirked into the kiss. His hands gripped mine tightly. And now look at us, nearly straight out of the book. I'll admit to being surprised at this second side of him I was seeing now. he amended, slipping his hands down my back as he stepped forward, lifting me off of the ground and pressing me against the tree so I was at his height, wrapping my legs around his waist as his lips fluttered across mine again. And hopefully Darcy would continue to be a part of it. oh House. (Except, I will say this, I already know that it is probably too fast paced and likely not character developed enough. Read and if you review I'll be sure to let my mom know if people like her stories because I want her to publish some of them. Slave market. Still it was not her sin…guilty by association only, she had been led here…where her brother was…she did not know, but figured he was dead, his body lashed to the spikes outside town…a lesson for others who thought to plot against the Empire. The Empire's commanders thrived off it. A small whimper escaped her without her permission as she staggered into the bright sunlight, squinting at the powerful rays of the Cardasian sun, momentarily blinded, she blinked owlishly, pausing slightly as she groped to see, her eyes adjust to the light when she had been bound in near dark for so long. Some were seated, higher officials up front where the view was the best, no doubt, most standing, weaving in and out of the throng. He jerked her back upright and gripped her naked backside harshly, forcing her to thrust her hips away from his touch. Trepidation spilled down her spine, why did her unsexed state matter? She shuddered when the man nodded. He merely looked at her, his expression impassive, the man at his side leaned his head aside and said something to him, wearing the silver braid of a second commander, she realized he was looking at her too. She shivered, not with fear but something she could not name. Not sure where the voice came from she felt fear prickle her spine as the man in front shouted, before the auctioneer had a chance to even ask for the bid to go higher. He was not as large as his commander…his eyes danced with an amused light that from her distance she could tell were a gold color, that instead of making her nervous, left her relaxed. Gods…she had forgotten she was naked. Could the other man go so high. The blue-eyed man's second in command glanced aside at him, a grin on his face. She glanced back at the man who held her, his grip not hurtful, but firm on her upper arms. One could be just as bad as the other…looks were deceiving she knew. He grinned. She felt safe with him, she realized suddenly, making words spill out of her mouth before she could stop them. She almost shook her head at the thought…no…she was a criminal for the rest of her life, as far as the Empire was concerned. Her skin was like white satin, the areoles around her tight little nipples, puckered with fear had been like the pink blush of a rose, assuring him her folds would be just as pink he remembered and though she was a dirty, grubby thing now…he was sure with the use of a little soap and water she would be breath-taking. She tried to square her shoulders, telling herself it did not matter…he had already seen all of her anyway…but she could not stop her blush. If she did not know how the man had affronted her, he was not about to tell her. Oh yes…  he asked bluntly, she shook her head, having no inkling of what he spoke of he knew. He asked her just that, aware her face flamed like the Cardasian sun. They had reached the edge of the town, where the Empire had set up it's base camp, buildings and guard-posts had been erected into a military city of a kind and seeing the large interstellar ships resting along the street they walked upon, she studied them, never having seen one up close. It was a good fit, when he had been assigned to his commander…Brinn's always serious demeanor was softened about the edges by his ability to laugh and roll with the flow of things, Ky knew…though Brinn would never admit it. he insisted,  he hoped his commander would at least. That they looked nicer than the other pair…that was it…in a nutshell. he asked her, tossing a look over his shoulder at her, seeing her chewing that lush lip again, he almost sighed, but caught himself. Whatever that entailed she knew only the basics of it…whispers and rumors from village girls who had been mated, but she knew the commander would receive her data…he would know her name easily enough…no reason to annoy his man now…over something that would only become a moot point. He felt her jump and step back, but he held her firm, tugging her up close to him. She shivered as the cool, filtered air from the ships interior washed over her. Bolaria was another star system away, she knew…but just where she wasn't sure. She rubbed above the spot absently against her hip, fully aware it still stung and ached, the manacles about her wrists not having helped it. She peeked aside at him as he pressed her hand to the screen. She had seen one of these only once before…her brother had had her touch it…not sure why she had assumed he was just playing around with the palm scanner. It was unreal…this had to be a nightmare. She gasped…and almost as quickly it was gone. Jeez…shut up Twylla, she chided herself, nervous and not a little uncomfortable, realizing she sounded like a twit. Not only was she innocent…but illiterate too it seemed. He almost shook his head. She could hear water running and glanced aside to see the tub filling with steaming water. he warned, hiding his grin when she shot to her feet. she whispered, mortified, no one had ever seen her naked before…at least until today. The husky burr of it made her shiver, gooseflesh ripped down her arms as her gaze flew up to his. His cock jerked again and he almost cursed it aloud. Overhead that soft female voice wafted down to her startling her. A blue-green sensor beam swept across the floor and locked on the bottle she held, it startled her slightly. That it even spoke to her had amazed her, but then the lieutenant had programmed her into the computer sensor hadn't he? She shuddered, recalling how much it had hurt…when they had laid the branding taser on her skin. She sighed. She shuddered, her hands starting to shake as she sunk into the water, feeling no small amount of fear at where her thoughts had taken her. he asked, reaching out to take her arm, she jerked away from him. he asked, withdrawing his hand and sitting on the rim of the tub, studying her intently. Binding, spanking, with-holding pleasure…it was what a Dom did to a sub, but she was too inexperienced to understand that just yet…and he hoped she would…and become used to it…in time. Shit! Brinn was implacable…but he was fair and though not often gentle…he would know what to say to either anger the girl…or force her to a good cry…which was probably what she needed…though Ky could admit he could not stand the thought of her green-gold eyes flooded with tears. He was the commander…of course it was. Brinn certainly never let him order him…that was for sure and he smiled a little at that…not really minding. Better he see her naked backside…than her naked woman's place, she decided frantically. He stood and gathered up her still wet hair, wrapping it in a linen he had left for her bath. It had not been dirt…but bruises…on her fair skin it had been hard to tell…and some of it had been filth…but these…  he said again, pulling her back around to face him, she squealed at the quickness of it, shuddering, shivering uncontrollably. he ordered her, getting another nod, but nothing more. Was she just overwrought and losing her mind? Brinn was going to be pissed when he saw the bruises marring it. Gods…she was losing her mind…to weep over keeping her hair. Damn Brinn…he should be here…helping Ky grouched. What was the point in removing her hair there, she wondered frantically…how humiliating…how much more could she stand? Further his hand moved back, parting the cheeks of her bottom she gasped and danced on her toes, trying to move away from his unrelenting touch, as his hand bit into her hip to keep her from wiggling away. Water flew over the edge onto his boots and he shook his head eying her before he left her to finish her bath. She asked. Gone from my life forever! GOD! ! . anyway, I just wanted to give some background info before you go and read this. But unfortunately, I didn't have a shoe anywhere near me so I just turned to Cody and frowned. He looked back up at me as he shut the case. A smile slowly crept across my face and I closed my eyes. It was just…when those happened I wasn't quite sure what to do. And like he could hear what I was thinking, Cody turned towards me and shot me a look. Cody raised one of his eyebrows at me, refusing to move, but I just rolled my eyes at him and yanked him down. Then after a couple of seconds, Cody sighed. He squeezed my hand gently. Grinning, I turned my head so I could just see his outline out of the corner of my eye. His lips touched mine again for a brief moment before he pulled away. Something strange was afoot. But even though they all smelled like Cody, it wasn't the same as having him curled up next to me like he normally was when I woke up. The mental image of running my hands along his spine flashed through my mind and I flushed even harder. I grinned ever wider at an idea. He turned around with a wide-eyed look and I started laughing the moment I saw his expression. My eyes widened as I recognized that glint in his eyes and I tried to take a couple of quick steps back to get away from him. I shook my head at him but he just grinned and started tickling me. And all of those thing were rather tiring on their own; combined they were exhausting. He smiled against my lips then I felt his tongue slide over my lower one and I shivered, closing my eyes. If I hadn't been, I probably would have been on the floor right now. My hands were roaming Cody's bare back, feeling every muscle there was and every bone of his spine. I pulled away from him, breaking our kiss. After pushing him back a bit so I was no longer pinned between him and the dresser, I started to walk towards the door and avoided making eye contact with him. You should probably stop now before you start acting on them. But it didn't really work since my face still felt like it was on fire and the little voice inside my head was telling me turn back around. I then made my way to the kitchen, almost tripping on nothing a couple of times. It definitely wasn't because my pajamas pants were too long. And when I found nothing, I started thinking about the number one thing that had been invading my thoughts for the past two weeks. I cared about him a lot too, so I knew we were solid. And it wasn't like I had a problem or was scared to…um…become more intimate… It was just…I didn't exactly know how to make it happen. I just wished I knew how to let him know I wouldn't mind letting it go somewhere without coming right out and saying it since that would be awkward. Just…I didn't really know what I was doing. I smiled a little as Cody opened one of the cupboards and then shut it a moment later. I laughed a little and shook my head slightly at him. Or at least, that was what I thought. I shifted around a little bit to get more comfortable then rested my head on his shoulder to continue watching my cartoons. It gave me that on-a-rollercoaster feeling in my stomach like the one I got when he looked at me in a certain way. But with expressing how I felt, it was different. Cody had always been the one who had had to do them and then I had just followed along. My eyes closed halfway and I took another deep breath. And Cody complied almost instantly; he turned his body a bit so it wasn't uncomfortable for either of us. The tingling sensation he was causing made goosebumps erupt all over my body, and I sighed contently into the kiss. An idea popped into my head and I smirked, deciding to roll with it. But that laugh turned into a surprised gasp when Cody pushed me back on the couch so I was pinned underneath him. I frowned at him, my eyes flickering from his eyes to his lips. I glared at Cody. He already did that enough. I licked his lip again, and this time I didn't even wait for him to open his mouth before I slipped my tongue in. Half of the times I kissed him, I was winging it. It really frustrated me, but I didn't know what I could do about it. ? I stayed where I was and tried to catch his eye, but he refused to look at me. People tell me I'm smart, very smart, but I'm just not getting this- especially not at seven thirty in the morning. It isn't my fault that the best food in the world is classified as unusual. The door finally flings open, my distraught Aunt thrown in after it. I know that my aunt loves me but the frequent mood swings after working long night shifts are annoying. If I don't leave now, I will be late for school. I open my aunt's cursed door and run to the bus stop. Autumn is my favourite season for that reason; it isn't too cold or too hot, although I prefer the cold over the heat by a lot. I know the real, genuine Jamie as well as the boy-crazy part, though. I've had a few crushes in my time but they were all 'out of my league'. I remain silent, skin tingling from the close proximity, while blushing furiously. Why am I so bad with guys? I have no explanation, though, for that warmth tickling my insides or the whole arguments I am having in my head regarding whether or not Sky would be interested in me. I wince- that will definitely leave a mark. I'm not cut out for high school life. I roll my eyes and walk over to my best friend, managing to pull her away from Danny. I can't register anything except the rather heavy male lying on top of me and the sharp ache in my head. How could I have ever thought luck is on my side? She even hated this very bathroom stall. Life was far too cruel. After just one day, she simply didn't want anything to do with them at all. She felt happy. As far as she was concerned, they were a part of the life she had lost that night. Right now, she wished she could've been in that room, the only place she felt safe these days. Aunt Lila was practically a stranger to her, but Lila honestly tried. Suddenly, she felt lonelier than she had ever felt before, and she knew it was because she truly was alone. The girl that everyone had once called beautiful was now frail and lifeless. A sudden wave of shame and guilt caused her to shiver. She hoped they'd all just forget about her now, because it had never been her intention to cause them any harm. She had no choice but to survive. On top of it all, every single one of them had an important last name and a lot of money to that name. Everyone was either rich or beautiful or both and she was a sickly looking person with no money to her name. She couldn't help but wonder if she was doomed to spend her lunch periods in the bathroom stall. She pulled herself together and gathered up her things. The temptation to turn around and go back to the bathroom was great, but she didn't know how she'd survive the rest of the day without something to eat. She would not allow them to run her out of the school. Emma twirled her blond hair around her thin finger and giggled as she gossiped with her friends. Feeling ever more miserable, she found her way to an empty seat at an empty table. Kennedy Hunter had been lucky number 150 of year 12. Each building was identical, but within, every room was uniquely beautiful. Even the gardens were beautiful and well kept. Kennedy found herself staring at his captivating green eyes, which seemed so intense and piercing. Anyone who exuded such confidence could not go unnoticed. Every guy in the room seemed to notice as much and was eying her long legs with desire. The girl looked like she desperately wanted to go back to her seat. If anything, they were good for a night of good fun and nothing more. In their defense, they figured that high school and college was made to find some frivolous fun, and definitely not to find someone you'd want to spend the rest of your life with or even love. One could say that they even balanced each other out, and in the end, they successfully kept each other in check. Harrison's mouth twitched in amusement, the girl must've easily been able to hear every word they had said about her. With a final glare in his direction, she walked away. His red eyes sought out the man that he was sent to get. That was a high crime in these parts and sometimes the sentence was death. If the wounds weren't from the claws of his dragon form, then they were by the fist of the man that was inside of the dragon's body; they were one in the same. He was small so he fit in his claws easily. Everyone told him he was an ass, but the prince still kept him around; tolerating him, though at times they were often caught fighting and yelling. It happened to every shifter. He threw that thought to the back of his mind and started imagining one of those brunettes under him as he had his way with them. The only reason they kept coming back was because he was a good lover and knew what he was doing. Another man was down and only one more to be brought in for the month. The prince greeted Lucian the same way he always did, with a smile on his face and a slap on the back. Living with the prince meant that you could get away with anything, as long as you didn't get caught, and Lucian knew that. They both looked like their father and took after him in his size and skills at fighting. It was only them now. He rarely laughed or smiled, and now was one of those rare occurrences when he did. Mateo walked back to see what Lucian was looking at so intently. Lucian needed to understand that he was serious when she said that Lucian needed to stay away from his sister. She looked surprised at first, but then her golden eyes lit up and she smiled at him coyly. A perfect size… in Lucians mind at least. She wanted Lucian and she would try everything in her power to get him. He was supposed to be a rough, but amazing lover. The way he was looking at her now said differently. She was 34 in age according to her world, but according to human years, she was only 16. She had yet to see her brother standing with Lucian; her eyes were only for the sexy dark figure. He wondered if she wanted him as bad as he wanted her. If he weren't, it would make it easier to just do it with Tamara; damn the consequences. He didn't want Lucian to have anything to do with his baby sister. He didn't want to lose it; that was for sure. It was humorous that Lucian's stomach gave him away when he was trying to hide his hunger from his friend. It usually held about 50 people, but now it only hosted the small family. Thinking it strange, Lucian didn't say anything, only sat down. Lucian was sure that he would find out what that was soon enough. He was sure that if he could distract them, they would forget whatever it was they were planning on telling him. Lucian was excited to find out exactly what. Nicodemus turned to her and shot her a glare. That could wait. He liked to know everything and this was an opportunity to do so. It seemed that everyone else knew what was happening, but them. She wanted to impress him anyway she could and this was her way of doing that. She only had eyes for him. It was a teaser and he hated it. Lucian repeated his question and finally got an answer. It drove him mad, but Lucian could understand somewhat. The robe had been pulled open at the chest and someone was rubbing their hands on it. Lucian jumped to his feet and started moving backwards. She rubbed her chest up against his. he said, eyes flashing black. yep. Walking to the bathroom, I gave up fanning my shirt and instead cracked my spine, sickening crunches that tend to drive most people crazy. Looking at the result of her efforts, Mom sniffed a few times… and then turned on me, grabbing a hold of my shirt and yanking me closer, inhaling the pot smell I hadn't been able to get rid of in time. Her suggestive leer was lopsided, and I mutely pushed past her into the apartment, ignoring most of the drunken debauchery that was mistaken for a good time. I grabbed both and side-stepped other drunken people in various stages of undress and/or consciousness, letting myself back out. I mean, phantom legs growing only to trip me, but I couldn't ever find them again. Fucking rainbow magic. So I gave up and lay still, ignoring the sharp tang of sex on her as I fell back asleep. I downed mine dry, but grabbed a glass of chlorinated tap water for Mom, carrying it all back to her and waiting for her to finish off the glass. I think at first he just thought it was funny to see two eleven-year-olds stoned (one of which, his own brother), but after a while, it became his way of being the cool older brother. But he's never been stingy with his weed, so I can't slag him too much. (also, there are so many clichés in here, I can't stand myself. he says, voice breaking on the 'a,' eyes watering immediately. He should know his name without people having to tell him) says. He can't. You were in a fight, and you hit your head, but you're okay now. So he takes a lot of naps. he clarifies. He doesn't know any other way of feeling. ). ). ' But any time Kellan asks a question (, , ) his grandpa just clears his throat and changes the subject. He's too angry at his situation. It's dumb, but what else has he got to go on? Which—which is unthinkable so he ignores them. A few textbooks thrown on a high shelf, the lower ones filled with DVDs. There isn't anything. He is nobody. Just school stuff. Kellan doesn't know if that's what he wanted or not. ). Although he did say he's not pissed at you. ). This is stupid, but I—if you could just respond, that'd be great. So, I mean, looks like you're already getting the hang of things. ). Instead he goes out to sit on his porch and wishes Nate wasn't working tonight. He thinks about what it would be like if he never got his memories back. He won't. Heady on his tongue like the weight of it is almost too much, like it could break over him at any moment and rip him to shreds. she coos. This probably has more to do with the fact that they're small, and traffic is light, but it means Kellan has something constructive to do with his time. They've been doing things outside of Kellan's house lately—mostly because Grace has taken to coming over every once in a while () and his grandpa refuses to lie and say he's not there. Nate told him as they watched her through Kellan's blinds as she cartwheeled her way through her backyard. Maybe he'll ask Nate what he should do. Kellan follows after her helplessly, still choking on giggles. He rolls his eyes. He should start looking for a full-time job to help support his grandpa. She says, stretching out the 'or' until it hurts Kellan's ears. Not that he'd be in the mood for it even if he didn't have things to do. Nate works so much these days, anyway, it'll hardly be a problem. He ends up late to Spanish but the teacher just frowns a bit and moves on with role. ( Nate told him,  And that's not something Kellan knows enough about to argue with. Kellan suddenly feels kind of guilty, but doesn't know what to do about it. He's navigated his way through plenty of awkward conversations with acquaintances who don't know about his amnesia, and for the most part, they've died down. He ends up talking to her the most. He should be able to remember his own. Well, Grace is working on an assignment for class (psychology— she says, chewing on a strand of hair, ) and Kellan is staring at her. Her upturned nose wrinkled in a smile as she leaned in to kiss him. He goes through the day, supremely focused on pushing his mind as much as he can, hoping the stress will break the dam keeping his memories in or something. It's not so different from a public restroom, he guesses, and it's not like Nate is staring at him so…they have been friends since they were four (just because he can't remember it doesn't really mean much). Nate is almost pressed against him, but he's looking down at his feet still, like he's nervous. Kellan tries, but Nate is panting against his collar in a very distracting way. He puts his hands on Nate's hips—more for balance than anything—and Nate's gasp catches into a groan and he's saying,  and then he's coming and Kellan's coming because of it. Nate seems to be suffering under similar conditions judging by the way he doesn't even bother to say good morning before tossing Kellan a bottle of aspirin and passing back out. Fuck. This him, anyway. He guesses they did help each other through it, in more ways than one. What would Nate want him to do? But if it makes you uncomfortable, we can totally stop. Grace asks him what's wrong a few times, but he mumbles some emo-bullshit (sort of) about not having a working brain that successfully sends her into a rant about how is brain is just fine and he should stop beating himself up. Kellan shudders at the thought. Kellan gulps in a breath. Kellan hops in the car and drums his fingers on his knees anxiously. Nate huffs out a breath. He groans instead, to get his point across. His foot hits the carpet in the hallway and he hears Nate's backpack drop with a thunk by the door, hears his three quick footsteps to catch up with Kellan, feels a hand grab his shoulder to spin him around. Looks up at Nate's kissed-raw lips and lust-blown eyes, thinking shit. To know how it felt when it was new for them both. Kellan shrugs like it's no big deal even though he doesn't know if that's true or not. he murmurs. He wants to talk to someone about it, but he can't, obviously, so he sometimes plays out conversations in his head instead. Then she'd probably complain about his choice of partner before moving on to be incredibly supportive and almost creepy in her thirst for details. Not that the grandpa living outside Kellan's head would know anything about gay-sex practicalities, but it's reassuring to have someone (in his head at least) worried about that kind of thing. Kellan groans just looking at him. he scoffs at himself for not knowing the words to say. (Part of him knows this isn't true—that Nate does have feelings for him, at least Before him, and that's probably most of the problem. We;re friends. That's my job. Must have been. He bites his lower lip and tells himself for the millionth time that he will get his memory back. Grace gives him a hug and hops in Will's car, leaving the two of them awkwardly staring at each other. Will says, stepping closer, but still a comfortable distance away. Oh, this is a disaster. And what if it was? ). (He wonders if Before Kellan had it just as bad. And he wants to say you really like me. he calls, watches her face brighten immensely as she jogs over. And then he's marching to his car and driving away before Kellan can wrap his mind around what just happened. Kellan is so deep in confusion over Nate, he wouldn't even notice except Grace shows up with a bottle of champagne, her brother in tow. He's not sure if he minds, or if it's exactly what he wanted. ), the pictures of he and Grace making silly faces, the CD's littering the floor by his desk. Also because what he really wants to do is haul Will away from that window and on top of him, so he can kiss him quiet. (Grace kicks off her shoes as she's singing the line, Now my shoes are feetless"! Will says quietly, deep voice reverberating through Kellan's shoulder where Will's got his chest pressed against it. Will inhales sharply and breathes out near Kellan's ear. he whispers. He groans as his arm starts to wake up, pins-and-needles feeling nearly unbearable. The stubble on Will's face makes Kellan's lips raw and he's achy everywhere from a hangover but he can't get enough. He concentrates on laying very still and not puking until Will brings him a glass of water and three aspirin. Will rolls his eyes at him and pushes him towards the bedroom. He watches as it curves into a small smile. The next time Kellan wakes up, Grace is looming over him looking like she got hit by a truck. I guess you could bring Grace. Grace just laughs. But at least he knows for sure there's chemistry there. (and you weren't even an idiot, really. youtube videos of cats and dolphins. (He feels like he might throw up. he says. He thinks he probably deserves some kind of award for it, too. Does Will even know what he's doing to him? But then Will whispers,  And Kellan turns his head (his neck aches from not moving it for so long), and Will's hand slides along his jaw and they're kissing. Will hisses. He and Will just keep kissing and kissing until Kellan's lips are buzzing and awkward for everything but that. he says, softly. He's hard in his jeans and so overwhelmed he's got tunnel vision. The other boy laughs knowingly, but shifts in his own seat uncomfortably, which Kellan doesn't miss. Like that's all that needs to be said. he says. Tell me you're touching yourself. he says, breathless and happy. Something in him clenches tight. Kellan mutters, pressing his nose up under Will's chin. Regardless of some of the things he's done and said, Nate is a good friend, and Kellan misses him. When he nods at people in the hallways, it's not some empty gesture, but it's because he knows their faces. It hurts more than Kellan would like it to. UFO-sighting equipment? he says. If Nate truly does see him as some sort of invader in Before Kellan's body, well, Kellan can't really argue with him since he feels that way himself. This is the worst. Kellan swallows. He just hopes they really can be friends. It has a huge I on the breast pocket. Kellan says finally,  This almost sends him into another laughing fit, but Will kisses him through it, slow like they've got all the time in the world. More genuine, maybe, he hardly cares because soon they're sitting on the edge of Will's bed, kissing again. Will ducks down to kiss him, skin pressing together in a way that makes Kellan squirm. Still, Will is nothing like Nate. Kellan nearly bites through his lip to hold back a moan. he says, broken and soft. ) Will teaches him how to prepare him, and Kellan thinks he might pass out from lust by the time Will's fucking himself on three of Kellan's fingers. The friction of it around Kellan's cock is like the end of the world and he doesn't know how he's supposed to keep his heart beating while this is going on. Kellan wraps his hands around Will's hips and says,  That seems to do it, because Will jerks and comes between them, warm on Kellan's stomach. He sighs happily, humming in appreciation when Will's fingers tangle in his hair to stroke his scalp. Will gives him his whole tour guide spiel, including the dorky stories they forced him to memorize. It's not bad, really, just overwhelming. he says. he gasps, not entirely sure what he's asking for. Will's mouth falls open and he goes down on his elbows to rock into Kellan faster and harder until he's coming, too. He's—this has happened before. A nice guy who called him Freckles and offered to walk him across campus to a party. And then he's just sobbing because his grandpa was right—there are a lot of things he should have been thankful not to remember. There is no room. He nods. he says. But he keeps remembering that last night Before. (And okay, so it's a little bit about the way Will called him Freckles and—that's flirting, right? Especially when Nate looks as good as he does today, with that brown sweater that makes his hair look like a disheveled wet dream. It'll work itself out somehow, once Nate gets his head out of his ass, anyway. he says, smiling warmly at Kellan. Kellan asks. He's never really been suave at these kinds of things but he doesn't remember ever being this tongue-tied before. That'd just be too infatuated sounding. How embarrassing. But he doesn't say that. It's kind of pointless because he's got Nate, and only two more semesters left and then he'll be here. It's like he's a thirteen-year-old again. Until it turns Nate's cheeks pink and he's gasping in breath and smiling like the world is theirs, just theirs, and the road will never end. )  he says. So far at least. He licks his lips (watches Will watching). And you can't just—you can't get rid of a feeling like that. he asks. Kellan swallows. Will is going to kiss him in front of everyone. Oh, but he wants it. Will's just smiling at him goofily, like he might want to kiss again, too. He knows Nate can be brave. His stomach tightens and he wishes he were still sleeping, but now his brain won't shut up. Because the whole thing is beyond ridiculous. When he does work up the courage to knock, it sounds jarring in his ears. The magazine currently sat by my side, smugly gloating over its ability to manipulate me into doing rash actions. He was kind of cute, in a,  kind of way. I dashed quickly into the train, hiding my red face from view. Crap. I took a step forward while looking over my shoulder at the geek. I shot back a sweet smile, which was, well, fringing on crazed; I raised my eyebrows just to add effect. With that vision in mind I slumped back into my seat, sending my mind off to places where warriors roamed and love is always in the plotline. I attempted to be as inconspicuous as possible, like a spy on a mission. I came face to face with shining brown eyes and floppy brown hair. Ding, Ding. It wasn't love, just an attachment, a need to see him again, to actually find out his name instead of using all those silly nicknames. The train was off, whipping our hair around our faces, but we held on to each other. Finally, when Cory had a break in his story to take a sip of his drink, Sophie took the opportunity to leave. Nick Parker. But as hot as he was, Sophie still couldn't stand him. She always had color streaks in it, and tonight was purple. All Sophie could do was nod. He smiled and walked in. Hope you liked it,later! What does it matter if Robbie won't like your dresses? Uh, I think you have everything under control here. Scratch those. Normally, she didn't worry over birthday gifts. Or not. She didn't realize she had been walking around aimlessly. She looked around. The little girl's lip trembled. She looked at Lizzie again and said, "Lily. He was way gorgeous. Lily looked like she was his daughter. Lizzie said smiling back. was all Lizzie said. Or a fiancée. ! Cade was the guy that dated the prettiest girl and had the best abs and had the best everything. Just saying. Not a right. He was the guy who dated the  girls or what I liked to call Barbies. Why the hell would I stalk that? Losers. My mom had told me that since it had taken my parents eight months to settle on the name Conner, they were just going to make it work for a girl, too. I hated that my life was already set in stone whether it was my decision or my parents'. She didn't have a college degree, so she was never going to get a good job, so why not marry rich? That usually resulted in Avery giving me her allowance since she couldn't lie if her life depended on it, so I had a lot of money saved up from the childhood years. I typically only went for friendship troubles since she didn't necessarily give the best advice on guys, but she still made me feel better. And in my opinion, they were pretty awesome. Just saying. I thought he was, and Avery agreed with me sometimes. I thought it was stupid, but Eli and Levi were best friends or pretty close to that. I liked to try on multiple outfits in the morning, and the ones that didn't make it usually ended up on my floor. I noticed that he seemed to be spending more and more time there. I didn't know what it was, and I kept thinking about it more and more as the days dragged on. I scowled at him, and he scowled back, shutting his blinds in the same moment. We weren't necessarily friends, but it was nice to know that there were some normal people in that group. My eyes were closed because I was smiling so hugely, and I was wearing a pink t-shirt with lady bugs on it. Typical Lynn. Of course, he outgrew that stage, but it was still nice to go back to those days when Spencer was that good child rather than Cade's best friend. I bet that the poor photographer couldn't do anything to get him to smile. He'd been like that since elementary school. How could she allow that in her house? Yes, that tends to happen sometimes. Todd stalked off, and I turned to Lynn. She took notes over what Mrs. Montgomery was saying, and when we started our lab, she brought the notebook over. I'd love to hear your feedback! Tell me if you think I should carry on with it. Well, no one but Frey did anyway. His hair was green. Oddly, it was thriving and threatening to take over the office. Ant was the nearly-twenty-year-old boyfriend. He was just thankful that they hadn't had sex yet. The result was that sometimes she was so distracted with a case she'd miss the most obvious things. He was lucky he wasn't going to have to take on more shifts at work though because there was only so much time you could spend in a supermarket without wanting to strangle the customers. he said to himself. He was twenty-five at the time. It was a dismal time for Justin Plank. He was of average build, and paled in comparison to the shining stars that event planners would stock at these types of parties. However, now that the bungling son had inherited the company, Toroda blasted to the top. With a shrug, he headed towards the bar, where several beautiful women were standing, waiting to be discovered. Usually, Justin came off like a sleazy car salesman. With a sigh, Justin decided that he would just drink the night away. Then the excited whispering erupted as people tried to figure out where he was standing, so that they could inch towards him. Quickly straightening his jacket, he moved forward, hoping to intercept the industry giant. He smiled when he caught sight of the other talent agent. Unfortunately, Justin just did not have that killer instinct, and everyone knew it. Justin gritted his teeth at being handled like some bimbo floozy, but ignored his rising hatred towards Tony. Tony's eyebrows rose with curiosity at Justin's momentary space-out. It was so fast that no one would have noticed, or probably thought Justin stumbled because he was drunk. Glancing around nervously again, paranoid that everyone was laughing at him, Justin finally was able to pull his arm away. he said casually, and walked off without a goodbye, back into the crowd of his adoring fans. Now that he was an adult, he had managed to grow up in the city of angels with a fashion sense that one could only label as 'government auditor chic'. This seemed to excite the girl. he mumbled and headed for the door. he said, barely turning his head. This seemed to break Tony of his reverie, as he looked up into Justin's eyes. He brought his hands up to clasp the one holding his collar. Placing one hand on the man's leg, he hoisted himself up, and climbed around Tony. he said. His father's agency was on the brink of failure, his only legacy. Sitting up, Justin looked at Tony as his head reeled. As he stepped out of the car, he turned to look at Tony. he said tersely, his gaze unwavering as he looked into Justin's eyes. He paused to look at Justin's eyes, and then ripped away the man's vest. Growing frustrated with the buttons, he tore the shirt away, and laid Justin down on his back, as he loomed over the smaller man, never breaking contact with the kiss. he repeated, and then pushed down. And I really, honestly detested that song. I shouted. Tommy hated to have his morning routine broken by the slightest thing. Oh, she narrowed it down to three or four and for that I suppose I was grateful. "Better? I loved my mother fiercely but I refused to turn into her. He kept a close eye on Tommy and never let anyone touch him. And the weird thing was that I would be living on campus. I suspected it was their way of getting me out of my mother's clutches. Like I wouldn't be home on the weekends. And she wouldn't have thought to check on him. He scuttled into the room and sat in his usual chair at the table. She shook my hand and gestured toward the other girl. And a warm, sweet smile. Life was settling in to be comfortable. I was a little leery to reveal my ignorance so I just nodded my head. She glanced at me and my heart jumped – I thought she'd read my mind. I smiled, suddenly eager. Every stool was full and three harried waitresses scurried among the thirty or so square tables, delivering drinks and collecting tips. I wasn't really sure what people who played in bands looked like these days – even guys who were only known in my little corner of the world. The look on Morgan's face told me that she was in the same boat as me. I finished my soda as my eyes drank in the lean form strumming his fingers manically over the guitar strings and singing with his mouth provocatively close to the microphone. His hair was sandy brown and gelled in a messy fashion and his eyes reflected the spotlight – their color still unknown to me. But this man singing was the epitome of any leading man I'd ever conjured. It at least helped me relax and enjoy the music. I understood immediately how a rabbit felt when it hopped innocently into the path of a rattlesnake. She stuck her index finger under my chin and closed my mouth. I wanted to be able to giggle and laugh with my friends on Monday as we relived the weekend together. I sighed again and considered either grabbing a cab or getting another drink when someone sat beside me and offered me a glass. He inclined his head closer and his beer breath tickled my ear. I could have told him that his touch was enough to heat my insides but I was enjoying his hands on my body far more than I should. Never had so much passion raced through my body – even when Dustin and I let things get out of hand. I held tight to his shoulders so I wouldn't fall and clung to his body as he dug a key out of his jeans pocket and unlocked a door. The heat from his body was scorching and I happily helped him remove my clothes. When he finally took me, every nerve in my body was on edge and aching for him. What had I done? I promise it won't get too graphic. Someone just had to ruin that for her. Don't plan to be a morning person. Despised it. She watched as he bent down and collected her papers for her. Kayla raised a finger at him. Or at least, she tried doing it. ), she hurried to the intercom and pressed the button. The string of curses that flew out of her mouth as she complained about that guy who refused to help, claiming him to be not at all gentlemanly. Love! Oh, and I now have a scar on my right knee, thanks to that. How's that for mysterious, hmm? It was sweltering. Another note: When reading this keep in mind that dashed lines may mean a change in timeframe, try not to get too confused lol. And add the fact that some of our former teachers, yes, our former teachers, were there, then you've got a hell of a carnival ride. There's a slight chance you understood what I said. It seems that every time I see someone I recognize, a new memory seems to spring up in my mind. So many things can happen in ten long years, and yet it never ceases to amaze how quickly the time just flashes by. A name comes to mind. Eight years ago I was having the time of my life at college. Eleven years ago was when I first fell in love. Personally, I loved it. Pfft. In fact it's pretty far from the case. Mrs. Atkins just glares back at her. It's probably attributed to the buoyancy of her breasts. Guess that's what I get for never going to watch any sporting events. Alas, it was the fates that brought them together in our epic English project. Across the room, Cindy's boyfriend Blake redirects his attention from staring out of the window and stands up as well. I feel like puking. ) before sitting back down. Please tell me you've at least watched that show. I think I read somewhere that about fifty percent of Parsimony is comprised of foreigners / non citizen residents. Like I said, I'm an 11th grade student, and there are about 300 others who share my condition. Hurray. Jared puts down two trays of food, one for him and one for Stacey Johnson, his on and off girlfriend and the last member of our little group of socialites. So much for my faith in Jared. ) and scribble my address on the front one before handing it to him. Please let me know what I can do to improve. In the six months between the time she was diagnosed and the day Nate's dad called him at school crying (and fuck if Nate hadn't flushed hard and fell against a wall, gripping onto Kellan's hand like he was the only thing keeping Nate from flying apart) to say,  Nate had spent so much time hurting there'd been little time for anything else. Those things are bad. ) and every time Nate sees him, it seems like he's farther away. Fuck. You know how he feels and tastes and sounds and it's fucking amazing. Like so many things in his life, he is not good at this one. ) But it is their last day at WCC and Nate has never been more ready to be done with something in his life. Christ. (That is only a little bit of a lie. This is doable. Most of the time he just tries to ignore it. It's fine, though, he'll just spend the evening in his room trying to avoid whatever mood his dad is in. And now there's this. He wishes he had some. But his pinky is twitching, and Nate's heard enough lies from him to know that that's his tell. If he can just get through this conversation, he can have a shot). This is nothing. Instead, he just tips his head up and walks out of the room at what he hopes is a respectable pace. It'll be: your mom would be so disappointed in you. He hopes the pills are rapid release. Which is, okay, maybe a little derogatory-sounding or whatever but it's true, and Nate knows he's gaping. Not that he wants to giggle, but he could probably add a thing or two to their conversation. And okay, let's be honest, their dicks have to be pumped full of something because there's no way they can all be that hung. Inside, the hum of the air-conditioning kicking on again, high-heat of the day making it work overtime. Here they are. Thick as thieves and all that. Kellan growls, lips turning down into a pout. He runs a hand through his hair and looks around the room. He doesn't want to fight about this anymore. And Kellan, for his part, just nods and mmm's appropriately, eyes focused on the clouds growing fat and heavy over their heads. Right now, he wants to be touching me. To say: you think I'm the hottest? He wants something to hide behind, something else to focus on, but this is so bright and stinging that it's all he can do to smile back, laugh a little breathlessly, and look away. The arch of his foot in those stupid sandals he's been wearing every summer since the ninth grade. This isn't fair. I can't stop thinking about you. But he says,  he trails off, feeling sick to his stomach, knows he can't actually do these things. He even pauses at the end of the walk, just a split second, to give Kellan a chance to do those things, but he'd deny it if anybody asked. It's not that he doesn't like the guy; it's just that he really wasn't kidding about the tip thing, and it's not like a waiter's salary is that great on its own. (and okay, so maybe his attitude is slightly to blame for the two pennies of a tip he gets at the table of women who ask Nate if he'll ask Quentin to come over, and he responds,  But whatever, it's still annoying. And also, of course: so, fuck off. (It has varying levels of success depending on the time of day—mornings are usually good, nights are usually terrible. Nate settles into the armchair facing the desk and pulls his feet up to rest his chin on his knees. Even now, no matter what crap his dad pulls, Nate can't help loving him—doesn't know how else to be. Tells him about the Spanish-Language programs Nate's been looking at for next year. Waves distractedly at Quentin, who is composed and gorgeous as usual. ), then at least the fight they had. Whatever. he asks. Nate ducks away and waits for Quentin to get back. ) Instead he just grunts and watches out of the corner of his eye as Quentin goes to get their drinks. He wonders how long he can put this off. That's probably more likely. And then he thinks, a clench of nausea in the pit of his stomach, that Kellan had probably planned it out this way. he says gently. (His stomach feels so hollow, it's like he's disappearing. His mouth says. But now Kellan is leaving and Nate is staying because he can't go to ISU now, and he's never thought about going anywhere else. he says, stretching his lips over his teeth and raising his eyebrows in an attempt to look normal or something. But he's interrupted by a cheerful shout of his name from behind him. And that's ridiculous because it'd just be a name, for Christ's sake, what does it matter whether Quentin says it or not? At all. (and fuck if that doesn't make him flush a little, after everything, the ease of the line falling from his mouth before he can worry about what it might mean. Doesn't know if Quentin is even inclined to want to do anything else. At the top, just before he goes in, he turns back and waves, expression inked out by the night. His dad is drinking down some ridiculous shake thing that is made from cayenne pepper and citrus fruit, among other things, and Nate is making a show of crunching obnoxiously on his cereal. Not even Kellan, if he thinks about it. Quentin saying,  Nikki, giggling fondly in response. Nate saying back, yes yes yes, with his hands and his mouth, his heart so heavy in his chest, he thinks it might sink into his stomach and settle there, each beat of it jerking him forward first, and then back. Nate bursting into a run to find Kellan, running and running until each step glides him up and off the ground and he's not getting anywhere and he's so angry he could scream. Until his eyes open wide and his hands fly to his neck, wheezing and sputtering. A few more steps, breathe, repeat. When Nate had seen it, he'd blanched and fled the room, hating his dad more than he ever had before. And then maybe he'll go see a movie by himself or something. Say anything to ruin the cautious thing they've got going here. Quentin smiles at him fondly (and if that feels good, well, Nate ignores it). Nothing to get worked up over. Quentin says. But he can't get any words to come out of his mouth before Quentin is off, whisking a tray towards one of his tables. Pulling his phone out of his pocket and making a show of pressing buttons like he's actually doing something. Nate asks, drawing his hand back onto the table. he murmurs, eyes trained on his own fingers, still moving along Quentin's arm, the inside of his elbow, the bottom curve of his bicep. Is absolutely shocked silent. To say, another time, though? I'll treat him right this time, now that it's marred with the knowledge that he couldn't—no, that he could've, but didn't. ' Just, oh. Either way, he starts shaking, chest heaving on each breath. He sighs shakily into the phone. His face feels like it's on fire, and the air drags in his chest like all the moisture's been sucked out of it. he says. Quentin saying I want to touch you so bad. The way Quentin's breath had stuttered and morphed into a heady groan at that last minute, tipping Nate over the edge, leaving him shaking on the counter long after he'd hung up the phone. Nate says. That he only did that because he was drunk and lonely. he says. And oh, his cock is throbbing. And Nate, from his spot on the floor, slowly unbuttons the cuffs of his sleeves and rolls them up to his elbows before leaning over to wipe down a table. Maybe it's an asshole thing to do, but he's too riled up to care. Nate sighs and sits down across from him. he says. Maybe she's special. A whole fucking month, and he's not even sneaking off somewhere glamorous like Paris or Barbados, or, Nate doesn't even know, London or something. Nate hastily wipes the back of his hand over his mouth and clutches his stomach,  he says, doubling over. Like maybe he's the only person in the entire world. Reaches for the remote to drown of the sound of him crunching on his cereal; yanks a blanket around his body even though it's itchy and hot. Err. Transferring in is harder than I thought it would be, I guess. Every boy's dream, yeah? Just…is it whiny if I say I miss hanging out with somebody who just wants to play video games and talk shit all day (namely: you) instead of two people who are constantly looking for ways to save the world? I miss my best friend. Whatever. About a week into his stint as the Lone Ranger, Nate is scheduled to work with Quentin again. As it is, he stiffens, shuffles away from Nate as surreptitiously as possible, leaving Nate with the urge to pout and throw a fit. He barely makes it through the door before he's calling, fingers shaky on the number pad, sitting down on the stairs because he doesn't trust his legs to make it to his room. His dad is coming back in a few days, so Nate tells himself it's now or never. Quentin says, filthy and promising, and okay, wow, Nate is actually going to pass out. The guy you've been having phone sex with for the last month and a half? He knows now, not to mistake it for anything deeper, but still, it soothes some of the angriness inside of him, just for a minute. But in the back of his mind is Quentin's grinning face, how it feels to be touched by him, even innocently, and he knows that he can't want anything other than that. And somebody's taking his keys from him, leaning down to scream in his face something Nate can't understand, yelling back at them and shoving a little, confused about where his keys have gone. Not lose every goddamned thing he's ever had. Nice. Wonders, briefly, what he'll do in the morning, anyway. I don't even know if I want to be with you anymore, like that, I just know I miss you, and I'm tired of being so fucked up about everything. He wraps his comforter around him, body shaking-cold (which confuses him for a minute before he remembers his night on the ground), and he stumbles to the front door, fumbles with the lock and opens it. Doesn't mean he can't work up a good counter-glare. he says, voice wavering without his permission. Nate mutters darkly. he asks, fingers carding through the hair at the nape of Quentin's neck. He stays there, half-heartedly flipping through channels, until the doorbell rings. Nobody's here to kill you. Nate's eyes flick to the banister Quentin had him pressed against this morning, the loveseat where they kissed, and back to Kellan, who looks like he's about to puke all over himself. He walks into the kitchen, glances back at Kellan, who's smiling at him gratefully, prods through the refrigerator. Nate takes the out while he can. The next day, Quentin and Nate work the same shift. It's fantastic. he whines. (Nate gasps. he says. Of the fact that he's kissing back, rather desperately, hands scrabbling at Kellan's hips, fingers tangled in denim and cotton and then, blissfully, on skin. his hand cards through Kellan's hair and he turns the kiss soft, searching, like they never really had time for before. And there it is—that loosening in his chest like he's come home after a long and horrible day, and he doesn't care how cheesy that sounds, because it's true. he asks, teeth already set to the ink, tongue lashing over the hot skin there. Slides his hand in and curls his fingers around Quentin's erection, feels his heart thundering under Nate's mouth, his breath stuttering in his chest. Quentin laughs shakily, runs a hand through his hair, and urges Nate forward and onto his feet. He moans loudly, Quentin's mouth searing hot and so fucking perfect he can barely see straight. He feels boneless and fantastic, clings onto Quentin's shoulders and kisses him, close-mouthed now, and sweet. Doesn't brush against him or call him sweetheart or smile at him filthily in passing. Nate sighs and melts into him, wants nothing other than to have Quentin carry him out of here, take him home and lay him out on the bed, kiss every inch of him before Nate returns the favor. But this thing with Quentin, well, Nate doesn't know what to call it. Thinks that maybe, finally, they both have someone again. Something glints under a pair of pants and Nate reaches for it, curious. Nate only knows this because he sees Kellan's car in Mac's driveway. Assuming that Nate would always be game for a quick validation fuck. Every Christmas, Quentin's grandparents caravan up to Wisconsin to see their relatives, which leaves Quentin and Nate alone on Christmas Eve, draped across Quentin's bed, kissing the taste of cheap wine out of each other's mouths. Quentin's hands are shaking when he presses a condom and lube into Nate's. His fingers skid up Quentin's crease and Nate watches (can't look away from) the way his cock is swallowed up, like Quentin's body was made for it. he says, pulling out with a wince. Only two more months. It does make him say,)  (Yes, instead of I'm yours. Why is he so shaken up about it? But that day is not today, and Nate's greedy eyes take in Quentin's fingers as he cracks an egg, his wrists flexing as he whisks it all together, and his mouth, lips pressed tight in concentration as he chops up a pepper. (Quentin's pupils go wide and dark)  He crowds into Quentin's space, palms flat on his sides, squeezing possessively. Quentin says, grinding his ass back against Nate like the absolute tease that he is. He starts to turn in Nate's arms, but Nate grips his hips and keeps him still. he says. Says,  before sliding his hand back into Quentin's pants, grip nice and slick now. Says,  His voice is so dark and gravelly, commanding, that Nate's heart skips in his chest. But most of him is thinking fuck, how is this guy even real? Comes down Nate's throat. Two months. It still. Nate's twenty-one today, and his dad pours him a glass of wine with a flourish. Already, Nate loves Leah for making his dad like this. he starts, and his dad's smile goes soft. Quentin asks. Lined up in a row and terrifyingly true. But that doesn't happen, and he just keeps standing behind Quentin while they look together at the flushed and newly-inked skin on Quentin's chest. The way Quentin sleeps with his lips parted, just a little, his fingers curling and uncurling while he dreams; how he always keeps some part of his body touching Nate's, for the whole night. And Quentin will just be that fun, British guy who everybody liked, even Nate, the guy who never likes anyone. Nate can't stand coming into work next week and being the only one to remember the way they really were with each other. he says with his lips and his teeth and his tongue, saying words that aren't words, but gasps, but hitched breath, but moans. He feels like they should be touching, but they aren't, and he can't bring himself to grab onto Quentin's hand because it might make this whole thing hurt worse. Quentin says as they're walking through the parking garage, his rolling suitcase scraping along behind them. And the whole while, Nate is thinking hold on to him, hold on to him, this can't actually be ending. Watches as Quentin hands over his ID and passport, collects his tickets from the kiosk and fills out an ID tag for his bag. Why are you making this harder than it has to be? And then what? Was that French? You're all fabulous. And there were definitely parts of her that were aching for him, she couldn't help it. she leaned down about to kiss him, him lifting his chin and she giggled jerking back. she leaned down for a sweet kiss. he called making her freeze. she waved, walking out the door. Such a look of concentration he felt guilty disturbing her. she questioned, rolling her head to the side and hearing him swear just a minute ago. he cleared his throat, quickly shaking his head of the thought. she stated, holding the look on him a moment before breaking into a grin. He wasn't sure what it was, but it was just a feeling. she suggested, feeling the tingle running down her spine. She didn't know why, it was like a mix of words where she went to say baby and it mixed with button because she was playing with Raine and it just popped out Bubben and it stuck. she winked pulling around to face the front and loving the grin on her boyfriend's face. he cursed and the car laughed as Colton pulled into the parking lot. After she realized Lee wasn't crazy. How she weaseled her way into her sweet Lee's life she will never know. she clicked the mute so he didn't hear anything she said after that. she asked and he and his friends shared a look. They didn't really hangout unless it was a group setting. she chewed her lip looking at him as she watched his normal cool blue eyes turned a dark storming gray. Hannah tapped her friend on the nose and he pulled back. Well not wanted but knew if he saw him he could keep him on lock and not worry he might pop up randomly. she sung out and Tenley giggled lifting her straw up and down in her drink as the ice rattled. he stood up giving the blonde a look he understood. Tenley breathed in deep, trying to gain back her breathing patterns. he pouted and she laughed pushing up on her toes. Over the years him clearly getting over his hate for PDA as he pushed her up against the rail and she let out a moan. Knowing to this day as much as she loved the blonde hair blue eyed boy she didn't once regret Zane. Never tried to rush her and would just always tell her when she was ready, then he would be ready. Why guys preferred that over just sex was beyond her. she twisted her leg to point where it was. She heard what had happened some, not much but enough from what Lee knew. Lee tilted his head to the side as he watched the girls on the dance floor. Tenley's drunken feet getting the best of her and stumbling into her blonde friend. her voice shook and his icy blue eyes darted down to hers. he frowned as she paced in front of him. But he did have his father in him, you fuck him over he had no problem doing it right back. he told her, lifting his eyes to hers. I hope you all enjoy it and please review! Obsessed with the Teletubbies"? I don't think you'd appreciate it very much. You need to borrow mine"? So be nice and don't bite. I probably hate you enough as it is. Begin! My name in general is okay, it's just when people discover my initials that everything goes wrong. To most authority figures, it's , to my classmates it's , and to everyone else in the town of Reedsburg (which might as well be the world, since I'll never get out of this place), it's . Maybe it's worth a shot. My mother had fallen back asleep and I wouldn't be screamed at before my first day at a new school. I think she hates me. And don't get me wrong, I feel bad about it… but how do you cry over someone you never knew? I'd like some friends… despite everything, I think I really would. I was so disgusting. I just have ugly, brown dots of color in my head. One-hundred and twenty pounds. My mother had moved us only a few blocks away. Even though I knew it was hardly true because I'm not one to stand out, I felt like I was being scrutinized by hundreds of disdainful eyes that were so much more special than my own. It was far too squishy and warm to be a wall. As soon as I realized the opposite force was another person, the flush on my face was filled with a scarlet blush and my eyes fell once more to my feet. It came from his stomach. It was almost bouncy, if I dared venture there. I hid my shock pretty well, but I'm sure he caught something on my face, as he smiled at me. He had little blue stars painted on his fingernails. He made me nervous and uneasy. Truth was, he'd moved in less than five hours ago and already seemed content as hell, like he'd been there all along, born and raised in this crate. For the longest time, he'd been hearing Copper this and Copper that, and oh dear you'll simply adore Bruce's son, he's so well groomed and proper and polite and he knows how to play croquet and who the fuck cares? Despite Copper's feckless attitude, his arrogance, his silly mannerisms, Remy knew Copper would look fantastic underneath him. He wore boots with the fur, with the fur, and on days when he wanted to startle people, he wore a collar. It wanted to die. Yep, in signature suffocating hoodie and dark pants. He pointed to the lone mattress on the floor. Just funny. The room was tight with the two beds. He'd never had another boy in his room since he'd reached puberty and had wanted to fuck every other guy in sight. He was entirely human and humans needed sleep. Lucky fuck. He needed to get lost in a book, in a story that did not have Copper in it. How gallant they were. Rock stared at the scene before him in wonderment. Doom in the form of a kid. Shit, were they dead? Review? One thing is for sure, neither of their lives will ever be the same again. There should be no common ground but sex, there should be no dating - no talking about feelings. It comes down to sex, getting off and passionate hours. There is a reason that you are not dating, there is a reason that you are seeing other people. Avoiding any intimacy is the key to making it work. It was only supposed to be a one time thing, never to happen again. It was a wonderful feeling, even if it wasn't the truth. No one knew about it, they all thought they were just friends. But, that day, they didn't. To the man that was also known as her fuck buddy. Intertwined, no matter what they'd wanted. A/N: The rules come from the article on the website associatedcontent written by Layna Johnson. Consider yourselves warned! He stared back with such a fierce glare that it made my knees tremble with fear. It's now been almost a week since he has been holding me captive in his mansion and I needed to leave; I needed to go back to my family. I've seen the raging storm that lies behind those dark grey eyes. He'd kidnapped me for God's sake and now he wants me to sleep with him. he wants to kill my only niece. He had warned me that next time there will be a punishment. I may be a virgin , but I'm an 18 year old girl in front of a 27 year old man who was at least 10 inches taller than me with enough hard muscles to be at least 70 pounds heavier; it doesn't take a genius to know his body was going to inflict pain on mine. My stomach was flip-flopping as I awaited my doom. I just whimpered as my shaky breaths made my chest rise and fall quickly. He plunged a finger inside me causing me to gasp at the sudden penetration but I was too focused on what he's saying to notice anything else. I couldn't look at him without feeling tingles spreading along my body. His tongue darted around, quickly exploring every inch of my mouth. In the back of my mind I realized that something about him had changed, that the gentleness of only a few moments earlier had been replaced with a violent urgency; his lust having replaced his better judgment. But Jason only growled at me again, his hands squeezing tightly against my skin,  His words stilled my movements. I honestly didn't see how my body was accommodating such a large organ without tearing me to shreds. I kept waiting for the pain to subside but every time his dick rammed inside of me it felt like I was being hit with a sledgehammer. But all I could do was cry underneath him. No one is forcing you to read it AT ALL. I was hiding upstairs in the guest room because Emmett's friends were over, playing some dumb game they play every week and I honestly didn't need all of that gay right up in my face. I just didn't enjoy watching guys try to casually make out with each other. she asked, her smile turning into a playful smirk. She beamed and took my hand, leading me into the other room. It wasn't hard to get her to laugh when she was drunk like this and when she laughed her breasts bounced pleasantly which wasn't a bad sight to see at all. They didn't appreciate what they had. He looked around the circle and his eyes lit up. The fact almost made me laugh out loud. As if I couldn't hear things up in the guest room. He really didn't get his job did he? he said, ushering him out the door. He waved the dildo. He let his eyes slide shut as he pushed the object into his mouth, hollowing his cheeks and sucking. I'm a guy; I can't help that my body reacts. Fuck, she was hot. I said weakly, giving up on trying to bullshit my way out of it. I still gave him no response. She had jumped on me and kissed me, lasting only a few seconds before I pushed her away. she said slyly, almost as if she was innocent. I pecked his lips like a normal brotherly kiss. He kissed my neck and let his fingers run along my arms before grabbing my wrists and moving them above my head. I didn't think this could any more weird. The girls at school would go crazy. I moaned and felt myself grow hard. Her boobs were out and I could see them. I mean, I thought as soon as he saw his friends were getting off on this he'd send me upstairs. There was a moment of silence before I heard him go up the stairs. Oh my god, that was disgusting, why did I do that? My life sucked. No Way. Strange, really. Cherelle exclaimed happily. And this little house that had nearly emptied my bank account, leaving me with just around nine thousand dollars, was all mine. Filling one bowl up with water and the other with the food and setting it by the back door, I mumbled to myself as I searched all the cupboards for any food. A solitary creature that answered to no one. woodland walks. Heck, I couldn't sleep if I was thinking like this. And maybe I could stay here this time. So they were staying the night. I liked having my family around me, but they were all living with their own little families, I needed to find one of my own. That kid was weird. Shannon and Mum berated him at the same time, reminding him Leo was in bed. Until then I'd just have to deal with my father. He'd been drinking whatever was left of the cans he had brought over obviously. Nearly though, not quite. Lisel hissed in his ear as he finished up the latest of his tales to the paying customers of the tavern he and Lisel had stopped at for the night. Hard. He might be a wonderful storyteller, if he did say so himself, but the king had men and women from all over the kingdom and from kingdoms far away that told much better stories than he could ever dream up. With wide eyes, he watched as they talked amongst each other, and told outrageous tales with theatrical fervor in colorful costumes. he gave the guard his most innocent look. In fact, he stood next to Blue, frowning. Well, that Blue could manage, and he happily launched into a tale of treachery, flying beasts and a prince who fell in love with a phoenix. His days were spent exploring the massive grounds of the palace, his tour guide, the handsome guard, Perry. The other story had been told—albeit with a bit of a ribald flavor—as Perry had grumpily dried himself off and taken Blue through the servant's quarters in search of new clothes. His love didn't even know that he was Blue's love. On his handsome, slightly grumpy head was a thin circlet of gold. He merely weaved a tale of the silly little teller of tales and the small things that had made him fall in love with the sweet, but grumbly guard who had indulged his whims and shown him the many splendors of the palace. If there was ever a need of an orge or a goblin or even a particularly mean looking goose to put him out of his misery, this was it. It was a warning that they should stay where he sent them and not come back to this life again; not that any of them ever had come back but he wanted to make sure they didn't should the thought cross their minds while they were wasting away in the darkness of the after life. What legend didn't get right was the belief that they had to have the blood of humans to survive. They were junkies, blood junkies, and like any form of junkie they would do whatever was necessary to get their next fix, including killing humans. Would he get to lay eyes on the One's Garden and spend eternity guarding her as all warriors were honored to do after their death? But if you wanted to continue to drink milk you had to take care of the cow. His vision was quickly turning to black as he lost more blood than his body could handle but he knew he wasn't alone. He growled when she was beside him. He knew from the feeling in the room that she had managed to get him inside; they liked the cold so her air-conditioning was on full blast and it helped him to stave off the paralysis that he was fighting. He said in a commanding voice. She shrieked. With lightening quick accuracy he attacked, his fangs digging deep into her neck and at the first wash of her blood over his tongue he thought that surely he had died and went to the One's Garden because there couldn't be something as sweet as what he tasted here on Earth. He wanted to drink from her for all eternity; he wanted to feel her body pressed against his as he drank his fill. The floor was likewise dirty and stained, she was living in nothing more than squalor and the thought didn't sit well with him at all. It was hard to tell what her other half was but from the physical appearance he guessed that she was more than likely some sort of feline shifter; that would make more sense at any rate because it was almost next to impossible for Chosen and humans to have children together. No shifters were insanely possessive of things that they considered theirs and to them any shifter child, even a half breed one, was theirs to own. But then he remembered that she hadn't done that willingly, she had said it was forbidden. No whatever this was it wasn't making him mindless like the ones he hunted, he didn't want to find human after human to get that taste because no other person could take her place…there could be no substitute for her unique taste. She whispered as tears gathered in her sightless eyes. Did she have no males in her family that would care for her like males are honor bound to do? Liam came back onto the phone. Then he wouldn't crave her like he was doing now…then he would be able to push the thought of her blood from his mind. She said in a soft voice. He asked as he pulled his dagger free of its holster. He said as he marched over to where she was sitting. He was shocked when he realized just how good it felt to have her in his arms; and not in a sexual way, no it just felt…comfortable. He asked as he helped her put her things in the bag. She almost clutched the book to her chest as she felt around for the trash bag as if she were afraid he was going to take it from her. How could any man watch this woman stumble her way around her small apartment and not want to make life better for her? He saw the determination on her face and knew that she was going to do her best to not slow him down. He wanted to go faster, getting her to safety seemed like the most important thing in the world, he picked up his speed. He said when Liam answered the phone. He asked as he pulled her into his side and put an arm around her shoulders. Rohan had them speeding away in seconds and watching in the rearview as Ryder fussed over the mystery woman. She whispered on a sigh. In the very short time he had come to know her she had come to mean a lot to him. In the short time he had known her she had made it clear that she had no love for her mother and that her father's family had no love for her. Ryder was good that way, a good guy to talk to, a man that would be there for you if you needed a friend, and a man that could make himself scarce if that was what you needed. If iron could hurt her they didn't know what they were going to do, they had to have the security gate especially if her pride was going to come looking for her. If she never wanted to leave the compound again they wouldn't force her, she would never have to smell the iron again if she didn't want to. He was worried because he and his brother's had been called barbaric and uncivilized more than once. She had depended on him to take her away from her old life, to protect her and offer her something better than what she had before and now he was wondering if perhaps he had been wrong about his brothers. As Liam drew closer Ryder moved away from Ivory some, he and his brothers didn't often come to blows but he didn't want her in the line of fire just incase. Liam asked as he backed off. He said softly. He wasn't ashamed in the least that he liked it a little too much, the way she rubbed herself against him. He said with a devilish smile. But for all the emotion that he showed he could have been watching grass grow. Almost as if he could see every thing about their past and draw his own conclusion about who the person was based on what they had lived through. He would have to have a conversation with Cayden about the things that he had seen. To him it looked impossibly complex but he imagined that this had been her life for a long time so it was nothing new to her. To see her do it in her human form was even more amazing, she might not have been able to shift but she wasn't left without the defenses of a lion. It was bound to bring them close, their running away from her pride and him bringing her in under the protection of the warriors. Thane stuck his head into the room. She stood up just before there was a nock on the door and prepared herself to meet another member of her new pride…because that was what these men would become to her, her pride; all feline shifters had to be part of a pride because they didn't deal well with being alone. He was killed, leaving his family defenseless against the ferals…Thane had been away at the time and came home to find ashes where his family's bodies had fried in the sun. Hell, he could have stashed her away in the basement with a cot and it would have been better than where she was living before. Thane looked him in the eye for a moment before silently nodding his head. It all seemed so ordinary to her; hanging drapes, making pie…it was more, homey, than anything she had ever experienced in her life. If he had taken care of five sets of warriors that would make him…God, she couldn't even begin to think of how old that would make him. She asked, hoping to hide her shock from him. He proclaimed. Once she learned the knife as well as she could without actually using it she picked up the first apple and got to work. Benny exclaimed as he came rushing around the counter. With a screech her back arched, it felt like she had been clawed, like another lion was attacking her. Both men watched in horror as five red welts showed up on her face. He told them that the house was a set up and that Thane and Ryder were in trouble. For Ivory's sake he hoped that he hadn't died…it would be a shame to loose both of them. Thane pulled his dagger out of the lion he just killed and cleaned the blood away on the animal's fur. Rohan said as he looked at the three dead lions. Protecting the females of their species was ingrained into their genetic makeup, they couldn't help it. He hissed as the three men circled him to carry him to the car. The five bright red welts down her back were too sensitive for the blankets to be on them. He knew how old Benny was, if anyone knew what was happening it would be him…the man knew just about everything. He promised softly. If that was the case Ryder was going to have to come off the streets; he wouldn't allow Ivory to be put in pain like this when there was a way to stop it…no matter how much Ryder might disagree. And, he had to stay with me and love me and only me forever. Well, I'll figure that one later if I ever got the chance. Imagining him as my real-life boyfriend made me giggle quietly in my seat. And, I was far from being negative when I daydreamed. I tilted my head towards them and began to eavesdrop. Goose bumps began to rise along my arms and I rubbed my hands over them. I wanted to be with them, talking about anything, laughing and smiling at each other. A week went by and when I was finally able to go to school, everyone had already formed their own little groups and cliques and I was too shy to introduce myself. Because truth be told, my life was a bore. I reached for it and she held her hand over her head. She kept happening to me. She huffed and used my highlighter to mark something in her notebook. I even forget to eat and sleep. Usually, it was to borrow my notes or a pen, or she would ask a question about a subject she was confused with. She never acted as if we were friends nor did she introduce me to hers. Soon, they'll forget about me and I, them. I stared at the flowerbeds and low shrubs in front of me as I chewed, contemplating the merits, or rather demerits, of skipping school. Heaven knows I needed to spice up my life. But, the sky was clear. There was only one reason why the other kids would flee. My whole body was in tremors. He was tall, maybe 6'2", and had a lean and fit body, a body which could easily pick me up and snap me into two in a second. A sexy god. I wasn't exactly the cross-country running type but surely the terror coursing through my veins was enough boost to help me escape whatever it was that he was planning for me. I swallowed back a whimper. My eyes grew wide and I felt the color rushing back to my face in a full-on blush. He pressed me close and leaned his face inches from me, his piercing eyes boring into mine. And for something to spice up my life. Boring wasn't going to kill me. Or punch someone in the face. The halls quickly became deserted, not another single student in sight. He easily read the expression on her face. He didn't bother putting on his seat-belt as he skidded out of the parking lot, wheels screeching against the asphalt. Grown-ass girls were either hot or fucking ugly. And her eyes were a clear light blue, a blue so perfect and so pure. No, he fucking didn't. Or put her body on the table under his and fuck her until she writhes and screams when he made her come. He must have driven fast. Lololol. It's just the way I'm wired. Because today, people, I was going to see my best friend-since-kindergarten after a whole five years. But it was okay now; I was finally going to see her. My best friend, Natalie Simons, is not someone I know to be spoiled. It's just…not that easy. Good thing I heard this time. I doubt she even knew we were in an airport. I really, sincerely hope so. It had never been and it would never be. I liked it. That could definitely be a problem. The lush green grass was well kept and surrounded the perimeter around the house. Even I can't do that. If she had pushed her away, God knows what I would've done. I, on the other hand, was the complete opposite. The girls I had hated so much at my previous school. She was someone who loved gushing about their boyfriends and whatnot. I really hated those. She had promised to return in no more than five minutes, but of course she hadn't…thus me getting lost. Then I looked around for what had hit me. The worry didn't suit him. You're embarrassing yourself. Natalie wasn't kidding when she said . Guys like him, good-looking and most likely rich were NOT nice. Weren't they all? The things I did for people. Surprisingly, I didn't quite recognize her. I was apologizing for heaven's sake! She's supposed to be goddamned giggling and throwing herself at my mercy. A confused one, changing my tactic. I was pretty sure when she did, she'd be like the rest of the girls. Maybe the smile would work. Why the hell would I ever go to the office? I was such an idiot. And if she was going to be with them all the time…what was going to happen to us? Thank you everybody! I just wanted to change a few things, such as the title and all. She preferred to walk the three miles to work to see it roar into life. Confused Archie glanced behind him, and sure enough he found two highly attracting and very endowed women lying naked in his bed. thanks! The song these lyrics are taken from, is Teenage Wildlife from the Scary Monsters And Super Creeps album, which I suggest everyone at least listens to once in their lives. I couldn't stand being there while he was. I hadn't even bothered to stopped it from bleeding before I left the house. It was not a song I recognised instantly, so I strained my ears to pick up the slightly muffled lyrics". When I reached the desk, I dug my hands into my pockets, drawing into my own little shell even more, grateful that that my hood was up, hiding away my ugliness from anyone looking. Always smiling, always trying to please. A waste of oxygen. Very bored. I liked the affect. And this was probably the best price I could ever find for it. My money that I worked for, that I had earned. Placing them carefully on top of the CD, I slid all of it over the counter top to the girl, whose face was still made up in a fake expression of happiness. Why did I always have to do things on impulse like that? He had never noticed before. Why of all people did it have to be him that I ran into? No matter how much I wanted to. I gasped through the pain shooting up my arm. By the time I was out in the main hall part of the shopping centre, I could hardly see anything. I didn't think any more, rushing off in the direction of the public toilets, ploughing head long into yet another person. For those who are reading this for the first time, I hope you will stick with it for a while, and I hope that you enjoy. Please take a look at chapter two before making a decision on this one. Sure, his human friends had served his household for many years and they had arranged things beforehand just in case something happened and they were forced to hide Devin from the Omega cult. Both Teresa and Brian had been born in Aurora where their families had lived for generations and needed them to secure employment in the human world. After establishing their identities it was simple for them to blend in. The bank account was not so extravagant as to draw unwanted attention. Their new existence would be mediocre and unremarkable in every way but it was the best way to ensure they drew as little attention to themselves as possible. Genesis, the Mage Council of Aurora, had known this might happen but never expected it to occur with such speed and determination. However, political interference in the human realm was strictly prohibited under Aurora law. Genesis resisted interfering in the human world of politics and focused on improving human society. Omega, tired of being thwarted by Genesis over the millennia, had been plotting a coup. Their elimination would ensure the Omega Cult would be free of opposition in later years. He looked down at the innocent babe in his arms and tried to stifle the sense of dread growing in the pit of his stomach; and then, with a sigh, Adam entered the Fields' home. He laid the baby back in his arms to take one final look at his child, watching silently as his own tear fell and slid down the baby's cheek. He reluctantly handed his child over to Teresa with a heavy heart. Brian reached to take the mage's hand in a firm grasp. Back to political upheaval and war. We meet a grown, and very set in his ways, Devin for the first time and his mildy overactive friend Sarah, who lives to give others a hard time. It didn't even cross his mind that he'd eventually cross over into another's territory, which was what he'd done. It was their right to do what they wished with a trespasser. Dominate, his mind screamed. The red wolf took that as his cue, leaping forward and trying to get as far away from the other as possible, in case it wanted something from him. I'll be updating once, MAYBE twice a day. Now, my normal warning. If this offends you in any way, don't read it. Instead, he looked somewhat bored, and merely flicked an errant piece of lint from his shoulder. As before, he began to wonder if the Devil Lord was even alive, or had ever been, letting his mind wander as he answered the tall redhead's enquiry. He did not want to go insane. Whatever it was, it had been annoying Muto for hundreds of years. Even if only a third were true, that was enough to cause strangers to  so to speak. Every move he made was flawless, the fluid grace of his movements captivating, and Muto couldn't help but stare. He hadn't wanted to lose his powers of thought for the brief physical pleasure his lord could give him, and it would be brief, for Muto had never been very attractive, and his lord would have lost interest quickly. Every touch seemed to sear his soul, every heated kiss burned away his resistance, until he knew that he was lost to the sensations, never to return again to this world. Her bright red auburn curls rolled down to her shoulders as she sat up. She, Franchesca Marie Ashford, is finally eighteen! She observed him quietly and confirmed how her father was definitely more handsome than any other male she knew who was in their fifties. Her suspicion was confirmed when a pair of emerald earrings hardly surprised her beneath the eccentric wrappings. And though she always bullied her father to be the most predictable man in the world, there was something wrong which she couldn't pin-point to be what exactly. That surely wasn't a good sign. Franchesca felt her mouth dry and her voracious appetite wane. They hardly has qualities that could impress her. He was building her future for her. The story book Paige discovered lay beneath her among the pillows; she held it to her lap and began leafing through the worn pages. That had been her favorite part next to the happily ever after. Without further hesitation she dried her eyes, fixed her hair back into its pins as best as she could, and proceeded to compile a list she would need for an adventure of a lifetime! She couldn't care less though if it were one man or the other as long as she didn't love any of them. Despite that Paige is a good two years younger than her, she has always been the one with sense and reason to her daring ideas. How very interesting! I will refer back to my old characters though, just for the fun of it so it can be sort of connected. It's been such a faithful companion to me. Of course, I will still do my best to keep you satisfied with updates. and maybe nervous too, heh. She was tired of this. And the last member of the table was Meghan, who wore a long plaid skirt and had taped her glasses together because her older brother had 'accidentally' broken them. She recalled when cheerleaders and pretty girls didn't just get their way because of the status or looks. She was consumed with the thought that one day she would be able to clone herself. The nerds, who mostly consisted of Scarlett, Meghan, Kate, and Ginny, were the only students in the entire school who actually cared about their grades. And that meant nobody could judge Scarlett on her modesty and lack of wearing skimpy clothes. And her blemish-free face was bent deeply into the binding of her new book. He felt like some bombarded celebrity by the paparazzi, which, technically, was somewhat true seeing as everybody at Watson High School was infatuated with the idea of Tristan Cox being the superstar of the decade. But other than that one particular class, the majority of the football team was failing, and the coach had to make special exceptions to even allow some of the players a spot on the team. Well, that was what Tristan was going to believe, anyway. And so he would be. He loved to just kick it back at his house and be himself, instead of being the expected Mister Right. You need to get into a good Ivy League college! Scarlett's insides chanted as Mr. Ortega continued to call out the names of the selected partners. And she did not want to fail this assignment because he was too lazy or didn't have time because of football practice. What will really matter at age thirty is what you learned and how you used it. Sometimes Tristan wondered why Scarlett didn't attend Xavier Prince's High School for the Gifted; she would fit in so much better there than here. And the faster he could get this whole ordeal out of the way, the better. The couple everybody knew was going to happen sooner or later. She was just that typical, hackneyed cheerleader who was most likely going to be prom queen and knew it. And Tristan and Scarlett had absolutely nothing in common. she looked up and saw Tristan smiling down at her. I bet he wants to get it done with because I am his partner, and he doesn't want to be seen hanging around me, a small voice whispered in her mind. Tristan didn't want to be humiliated about being her partner, so he wanted to finish the project as fast as he could and pretend he never had to be paired with her. Now, she could add that to the list of adjectives about him: back-stabbing, arrogant, self-absorbed, egocentric, narcissistic, all-about-me, jerk, egotistical, and nosy. Normally, Tristan would have been outraged, but something about her made him almost giddy. Unlike him, she didn't need attention to survive this high school world. Even while Tristan was kicking his brother's ass at Halo 3 on his Xbox 360, all he thought about was Scarlett's secret that she was hiding from him. But another question popped in his head before he could really let their different social statuses set in: What was she hiding from him? Even during the summer, she was reading books that would help broaden her vocabulary, so she would have a better chance at getting accepted into a good college because her essay's terminology would have a diversity of words. Even though she knew she was going to spend some good family time with her younger brother, she was still thinking about that delicious ice cream that was in her freezer in her kitchen. Or so I can figure out for myself, just what the fuck I'm supposed to do about it now. They're dreary, irritating and not to mention, incredibly, painfully, cold. The higher the better. I just sunk into my seat and shut my eyes, breathing deeply. I just hated the goddamn weather. seemed to find so blatantly sexy about the cell membrane. I retrieved my duffel bag from the corner I had left it in after returning from my last trip, and I began frantically putting everything on the list inside it, praying it'd all fit. It's far too complex for parents, anyways. Yep, I definitely was. But what would our kids go by? Yeah, I definitely had my priorities straight when it came to school. It was our first month anniversary after all. It had been two whole weeks. it made a whole lot of sense, if you ask me. And that's the first time I saw him- the antagonist of my story. He had slinging from his shoulder, a tanned leather messenger bag that mirrored mine right down to the tee, except somehow, he made his look very masculine. It was really… smooth, if you know what I mean. His bellybutton. I couldn't handle it anymore, so I burst out laughing, getting an amused look from Will and a slightly bashful one from Alex. She was far too irritating for my taste. It was working. His attention gave me the confidence to go on, and I ended up telling him all about my dad, and the way he likes spicy things so much so that he carries a little box of cherry peppers around wherever he goes. At the end of the night, when I was buying us ice creams, I heard Alex tell Will that he thought I was the most genuine person he had ever met. I mean we had seen each other every weekend for the past three months, and as much as I hated to admit it, I was getting slightly tired of it. Alex told me all about his life, and his ambitions and I told him everything about me. It was safe to say that I was completely hooked on Alex by the end of that weekend. Let me just get that straight. I told him he was a psychotic prick who needed to learn to trust me, but he just shook his head and said he couldn't, not when I was being an asshole about Alex. It had to be done over the phone. It's just the beginning. Although, they'd never admit that. I moved on with my life pretty effortlessly, not thinking too much about what could've been. I was going to Mexico with my roommate. Not once. Alex was astounded that I had gotten through to his mother, and I secretly reveled in the attention he gave me when he spoke about that  of mine. It made sense. His girlfriend had no idea, and hey, it's not like we were making out or anything for it to have been considered cheating, right? We were best friends, right? And by the end of the semester, I was hopelessly and completely in love with him. I was so screwed, it wasn't even funny. I was working full-time at the hospital that summer as a lowly nurse's assistant, and I'd call him as soon as I got home in the evenings, and we'd speak for hours until his parents started getting annoyed. I stopped thinking of it as a back-up plan when we named our kids and agreed to own two bloodhounds. Ugh. Anita had cheated on him and I couldn't help but feel a little guilty about things because Alex had practically cheated on her too, with me. We bought a bottle of rum while his parents were out one night, and we hid it in his basement until they had left for work the following morning. He told me that he had always been into me, but never thought I felt the same way. But that's what happened, and for the first time in my not-so-experienced life, sex actually felt right. And B) a secret relationship is always a thrill, don't you think? Right? We had grown a hundred times closer, if it were even possible, in those precious few days we had together, and so when he left, I was crushed. He had intoxicated me bad, he really had. The only thing that kept me sane was knowing that as soon as September rolled around, Alex would be back in my life, and then maybe finally, we'd be able to define things between us. It was still a huge secret as none of us had told a soul. He had to stay with his friends for the rest of the weekend, and I didn't speak to him for weeks on end. He was always right. And to hear him say that he wanted to keep things —that just shattered me. Pfft. I began to believe that we were actually back to being as tight as we used to be before all the other stuff happened. Guess Alex was wrong about our friendship staying intact as long as no one found out. And that was the last I heard of Alex. It'd be the most honest one, anyways. Hope you like! (Kind of an oxymoron, huh? Smacksmacksmacksmack. Ring. Grateful. Ring. How about I'll tell you that pretty story? Screams. Wet laugh. I just think I might've been here long enough. Looks kind of pretty, actually. But…you know. Probably my fault for giving you that stupid nickname to begin with. A Last Letter that maybe you can show your grandchildren one day and say 'This is from a narcissist, selfish, whiny jerk with serious issues that I saved from himself. Ring. Special A/N: I haven't had the time to put up all the pictures for the characters, but I promise that until the end of the week, most of them will be there. Not only had everyone befriended someone, but they now knew who the new student was and who wasn't, which meant all eyes had been on her ever since she'd arrived at college yesterday. they utterly annoyed her to her limit. The last thing Alana wanted was people trying to discover why she'd been transferred to a new college at this time of the year. Her slender body and pallid green eyes were the only features in her that she didn't feel ashamed at all to take advantage when she needed, but of course, she wasn't any slut. Pressing her lips together, Alana forced herself to continue; otherwise they'd surely ascertain how bad-tempered she could be. However, Alana did know that she had to cross the campus park to reach her dorm, which meant she had to go right, since the park was that way. In that moment, one team scored, and Alana saw three boys approaching and laughing together, ignoring the rest of the team. She wasn't some weak girl who regretted having said something in a frenzied moment. Ready for another fight, Alana looked out for the person that had whistled, but she just found two other girls sat down on a bench, smiling at her. However, her grin was the sweetest and nicest Alana had ever seen since she'd stepped in this hell. Nevertheless, the three amigos were still there. It just had to. They were so bright and so appealing that even Alana felt tempted to go to him and stare at his eyes for long hours. Something was definitely going on between those two. He had a strong jaw, completely shaved, unlike his friend green eyed friend, and well-defined and soft pink lips that just called her out to kiss him. He was indeed good-looking. He was not only the tallest, but the one whose body was more developed, in a good way. If they weren't playboys, they just had to be gays. Whoever hadn't probably would stay a virgin until marriage. She too had learned her lesson, after all. Girls could be even just as heartless as guys were, and sometimes, they could be worse. She just had to focus on her goal, that's all. His voice was slightly husky, totally attracting her. Anyway, Alana focused again on the conversation when her name was mentioned. She didn't know him at all, but that impish grin meant trouble beyond doubt. The taller of the friends simply gazed at Alana, amused, but she didn't break down. Damn. At least, not if she could prove she wasn't a puppet they could play whenever they wanted to entertain themselves. In addition to that, she could meet more people, and who knew if eventually the gossips would end because she'd befriended more students? But, of course, it also depended of who – and why – was distracting her. After all, this is about college students, and college life can be quite wild. And since no one never really writes a story about the bitch, I thought, why not give it a try? would you kindly review now? ". I could never". ". ". . ? I'm not the one who's been ignoring me for the past couple of days. Ugh, I'm just not used to guys like you coming up to me and confessing, okay? . What is your problem? What the hell did I do? It's a wonder you dumped her. . That's not very nice. What's wrong with her? It's a secret. Something that's so obvious, but to other people they wouldn't understand. Thank you very much for your continued support. because you know I love you guys! She then takes two large steps forward and turns around. She finally says. In the end, it's always just me. Like I give two shits what she thinks of me anyway. He hands out the permission slips, and I slide mine into my pocket. Maybe she'll skip it. I spin around and see her, in all her Abercrombie glory. I shut my locker, and lean against it, staring at her. I'll just skip 1st period. Mr. Robinson looks up from his paperwork, then at his watch. I smirk slightly, and then follow her to the door. Lemme know, alright! For the last two years of his high school career he was in charge, people fell at the feet of the dark haired brunette, wanting to be him, wanting to be with him or be like him and now that he was gone it was Benry's turn to take control of the school his brother once ran. But watching Taylor Willows, the only girl in school he knew who could make Benry feel guilty, rip Mr. Big Shot a new one was always fun. She was without a doubt the most gorgeous girl he had ever met and he had met a lot of girls. Her skin flawless, high cheek bones with some pink blush brushed across it and her eyes purple, not fake, no contacts just naturally purple with a black dot planted on the right one. They loved each other but not in a romantic way, more of a sibling kinda thing. Glancing at the girl who looked completely modified with tears pooling in her eyes. she flashed a warm smile that made Abby want to gag. Andrew walked into the front office, his signature smile plastered across his face. he pointed at the smallest one who looked as if he was about to wet himself. he questioned, cutting a glance at his best friend before returning them back on her. Review! Those aren't fun at all, you know. He doesn't want to be hurt again, he doesn't want anyone to know exactly what happened, and it certainly doesn't help that he's already falling for the one person that already hates him. I never wanted it to end. I sighed as I looked back at the storm, mourning the lost moment, before walking over towards the stage. I had unofficially adopted him as my surrogate brother ever since he joined the band. It's the same with all of us musicians and our instruments. Shane asked, putting his arm around my shoulder. He ended up, ironically enough, having every single class with me. I don't like thinking about it, and I certainly don't like talking about it. Of course, that brings up the question of why Asher is in the band in the first place. We had to scramble to find a new guitarist, and started searching everywhere. A week later, Asher had become our new guitarist. Alas, it's just a dream now. I didn't understand why he hated me so much. My signature choker I never go anywhere without is, in Shane's opinion, more like a collar, and I have bracelets I wear to concerts that match it. I don't know how many people I've seen get lost in those eyes. They always said the same thing, after all. This is what we lived for. They always seemed to get more lost in the music than older crowds. I asked him, holding the microphone to him so he could answer. I told him, before turning back to the crowd. If I dwelled on that too long, I would break down before I could even begin the song. You refuse to let me in;There is nothing I can say. This crowd though, was really into it. Their enthusiasm for meet-and-greets paled in comparison to mine. the girl said as she hugged me. After I had finally signed everything I gave them all one more hug, before turning to make my way towards the bus so we could go back to the hotel where I could get my well-deserved shower and a nice, soft bed. I ended up, curse my luck, bumping into the worst person I could have possibly bumped into. The fact that he was leaving me with Asher, however, did. Suddenly my feet left the ground, and I was thrown over Asher's shoulder. Imagine my embarrassment when I felt a hand on my shoulder, only to see Asher. When I nearly fell, Asher sighed in annoyance before picking me up and carrying me off the bus. Too bad my life was never easy in any aspect. Don't pretend you suddenly care about me now. I want you dead you pathetic whore. My mother, who dropped my teenage heart from her palms for her paedophile toy boy. He is missing his front tooth and the yellow coated tongue that slips into the fleshy hole wiggles in a nauseating dance. I peer back up at my remaining family and almost giggle at the delicious irony. Like this illness is somehow her fault and it isn't too late to fix me. I don't even look through the glass- I listen. I yearn to explain but my voice would be lost on them. Any paternal love dripping away with my 'sanity'. The wind scrapes the backs of my tonsils and I taste copper. and judging you crazy piece-a shit. A sweet one shot. MJ had given her the idea, and she, thinking that it should be no problem, agreed whole-heartedly to the task. She had never received so many cold shoulders, hard stares, and acid retorts in all her life. One way or another they ended up enlightening her with their views and opinions of high school, which was the whole point of the paper. Their differences went beyond that of the North Pole and South Pole. She was on their turf after all. So she bit her lip and accepted the Coke. Once again she found herself gritting her teeth. However, her focus was trained on one thing: him. He was simply a god. They seemed to share a joke secretly between them. Nothing they didn't already know about. In general, they never hurt anybody without reason. Her and this group. Adrienne didn't know, but she was going to take advantage of what he left her behind with. The guys weren't abusive. Carlos deserved to know. From now on, the questions were off the cuff. It all seemed worth it. She turned to Benjy again in desperation. But Carlos could pretty much hurt her if she didn't come up to her end of the bargain so she blurted it out. And confessed… She dug her own grave and practically lowered herself into the ground. That is, until he spoke up again. To hell with his secret! Whatever it was, it appeared tender. She wondered if her heart was beating faster than his. She was glad for the unknown force that overcame her. saying without words he'll only take as much as he was given. But with one stroke of his tongue against hers, she forgot to care. Adrienne couldn't break contact. Now connected them? XD Just tell me how you feel about it. They had been married within the month. He was barely civil when they were forced to be together and never hid his displeasure with her. Kate's forgiveness had felt like something of a benediction. And hurt as she was, she found herself living her dull life day after day, hoping that one day Stephen would come to her, if not to love her, at least to see her again as a friend. It was twenty-one words in length and it had been sent by Mr. Miller, the butler at Stephen's town house. -. different. Sue me for my emotional attachment to the inanimate object. I looked at him dully before scratching the back of my head. . Or something. He looked up and raised an eyebrow. He's only ever told me since we were seven; that's how long we've been tight. There was no 'tension' or 'feelings' when we touched each other. I informed him flatly. Oh how very clever of him. I had to smile at that as he pulled away. I exclaimed when I stumbled forward. I just found it another unique attribute of my loveable best friend. I muttered. she began to hyperventilate as she forcefully pushed it out of her range. She was one hell of a friend and she's never boring to be with. She gazed at me in shock. I looked at her oddly before I turned and saw a familiar form walking towards us. My head snapped up crazily before my eyes landed back to his face. Gaw, people and their stupid style nowadays. I asked, cooing. he said, shrugging as he handed me the white plastic bag. I grinned widely as I jumped out of my seat and gave him a bone-crushing hug. he teased, his eyes twinkling. There was somewhat of a pause before he cleared his throat. he asked, lifting an eyebrow. I offered, silently hoping she'd say yes. Why wasn't she blinking? I shifted before I tilted my head to one side. We don't like each other in that way. well, an absurd thought. Fine, that didn't make sense, but did she know that? she asked, her eyes darting around before it widened. This is high school for crying out loud. I would do absolutely anything to get out of going to their house. I nodded and flashed a smile before I headed out of her classroom and towards the gym downstairs. I fell as if I'm a burden sometimes, but my guilt disappears when I realize how much things I have to pay for if I had my own car. Oh, and the fact that I can't play to save my life adds on to it. No matter how many times I smell sweat I will never get used to it. I shrilled as I began to step back. and rubbing on me. I looked at him darkly. he screamed. Gawd, you should see the redness the coach is capable of. I couldn't help it as a giggle erupted from my mouth before I burst into full laughter. he barked, pointing to the door that leads outside to the field. He looked at me from the corner of his eye and smirked. I mean, Anthony was one of the top three fastest runners in the school. I felt my back meet the ground before we rolled and I was suddenly face to face with Anthony's smirking form. I asked, my tone curious. I felt him shift slightly. I drawled in a knowing tone. he said, wrinkling his nose. Which I did. That ticked me off. but Anthony should not be doing that in the first place. He was nice, huh? But it was my job to tell him when he was crossing the line; it was my job to tell him when he should stop. he said. I murmured, suddenly feeling sleepy. I peered closer and saw slight golden specks. This moment could not have been more surreal, I'm sure. Some might've claimed that my spidey-senses were tingling, but part of me knew that it was mostly due to the steel grip he had me in. Probably, I mused, but despite the overwhelmingly fuzzy feelings I attached to that moment, it was still unclouded and unmistakably clear. I'm sure I still have it somewhere, lodged behind old pictures and notebook paper in a drawer of my desk. Some of the other kids in our class would tease us for being such close friends, claiming that we were going to catch cooties, but I was never one to believe in such foolish things. Where did that leave me? Last year, we spied on our mothers scheming about wedding plans, and I swore that when I looked back at Michael there was a slight blush adorning his cheeks. That would explain why I've been attracted to my best friend for more time than is healthy. ' with their best friend. I shifted daringly so that my left knee was in between his. My best friend made me feel increasingly warmer as he let both of his hands rise so that they were still touching my ribcage, but the tips of his fingers were able to graze the underside of my breasts. I started wrapping my arms around Michael's neck, bringing my face closer to his. He dragged them along my neck and dipped them into my hair, emitting a sigh from my mouth. I watched his eyes as my knee gently pressed against him, though I was severely distracted by the heat rising through my body and the way I felt him growing stiff against me. The feeling of his nose applying pressure to my cheek was a surreal sensation, and I promised myself that I would never forget what it felt like to be doing this, knowing that I may never get another chance. I didn't know if I would be able to go to school without Michael being the one to pick me up in the morning, or if there would ever be another person I would be able to confide in. Maybe this is right for us. The way we twisted our tongues together made me moan into his mouth, and I could feel him smiling against me. Everything in my life that had any substance behind it I had gone through with Michael. I suddenly realized that I didn't even know whose house we were at. I'm looking forward to your reactions! I don't want him to. I couldn't help but snap. Drama was supposed to be avoided…. Books were the way to go. But we all know what those words were going to be…. And I know while this was supposed to be a heartbreaking scene of unrequited love, that in the end this was just a plain and ugly sight to behold. Not only was my pizza running late, but now I had to deal with this again. Why is it that drama always has to throw another curve, wanting to make you face something you really just wanted to end already? He does that a lot. Now he was just all over the place. I'M FREAKING IN LOVE WITH YOU! If anything I was the secretary of his secretary. Suddenly, someone sat in front of me; I glanced up and saw this guy in a nice suit, tall, with dark brown hair and green eyes, staring at my lunch tray. I had a desk outside his office and all that good stuff. And of course, I had the small work crush, but he was engaged to this beautiful blond, who was his childhood friend, so I knew not to fantasize and fool myself into thinking about anything serious. Yet, I saw the pain. After that, we spent the next few days tiptoeing around each other when finally I had enough. I knew he was human, so there was no need to act like anything other than he was. He knew she had a reason for leaving and so he would wait for her. I was happy over stupid things like seeing a cute puppy or baby, watching a cool movie or show; I was strangely fascinated by infomercials, and that I liked to avoid complicated things. He liked my simplicity and drama free life. But that was when I realized that I was feeling jealousy and that somehow, along the way, I fell deeply and crazy in love with him. I knew that as long as none of them lasted a month, it was all good. We just got closer and he could tell me anything, vice versa. But each time I felt like confessing, he would do something to show me that he was still in love with his ex-fiancé and I knew I couldn't. I selfishly wanted him to turn her away, for her to leave and to just leave us alone. And so she came back. As that happened, we started hanging out less and less, though he still tried to not forget about me. I wasn't crying for the leads, instead I was crying for the poor supporting characters that never get the lead. The thought of him doing something for me made me feel so touched so of course, I said yes. Apparently he had mastered the art of making it and was just so excited to do it (the man was a horrid cook and making simple things like this pleased him immensely). And I just found myself revealing my ultimate secret to him right there and then in his hallway and finally leaving…. I looked into his eyes and tried my best to read them, which I failed miserably doing. Anyway, thanks for reading! And for two, this may or may have not been the point when my knickers found their sneaky little way into his pile of dirty clothes. Nor did I notice just how many machines he had already taken up and as luck would have it we met at the last washing device, dirty clothes in arms and battle faces set in place. I had essays to get back to, the quicker the washing got done the more sleep I would have that night. He turned back to me then, the heat of his gaze was unwavering. Ryan Davies didn't seem to appreciate that because apparently I wasn't helping out the team. I hadn't seen anyone from any of the teams for at least twenty minutes. I wouldn't be surprised. I could emerge for a few seconds, shoot someone, rub it in Ryan Davies' face that I helped, then retreat back to my corner and silently win the game. He was just a ninja like that. But still, I had two lives left. Ingrid had turned to me and said,  She was a strange one. She was going to chuck a spaz once she realised I was the one who took her last life. You could practically hear his smug smirk when he said,  No surprises she giggled. He was totally in awe at my skills. I'm scared out my mind! Okay, so I may have been trying not to cross paths with Zach Benson, but that was none of his business, even if Zach was his best friend. I gave him a strange look and he shrugged again. He would never admit it though. He was probably just pissed he didn't have anyone to make him cookies and orange juice anymore. Well, duh, 'cause I'd be dead. I shook my head at him. Obviously, it wasn't Zach's fault his sister got hit by a car, and I felt like a major bitch for suggesting that it was, because it had taken months to convince him it wasn't his fault, after she passed away on the operating table. I shouldn't have said anything because now Ryan was going to hate me forever. I nodded; I knew that, I just had to scrounge up the courage to look into Zach's probably livid face. But when the source of hurting was each other, we couldn't exactly be there for one another. This was so embarrassing. Besides, I think what I said was a lot more horrible and mean. The only thing left to do was call out. It'll make things so much better. Our fights never seemed to affect him as much as they did me. Not that Laser Tag was much more grown-up, but the school had insisted we go as an end-of-trials-please-don't-stop-working-so-hard present. Well, he shot me with his laser gun and my lights faded. How can I when he won't cut me any? He stared right back. If I was lucky. I didn't hesitate to sit; he was always changing his mind. He had the upper hand here: he could shoot me and end this at any time. I was hoping he'd get the message that I wasn't just here to apologise; I was still pissed at him, and I wanted the power to end this any time as well. And also, we were both wearing Laser Tag gear. It was like he was confirming what he'd said to me weeks ago, about how no one even cared what happened to me. He'd finally cracked me this time, even if he hadn't known it. And that was just what we'd done. It was just so unexpected. He said just as casually. It was my way of saying thanks, since I knew Zach would hate it if I got mushy and explicitly said it. When we were fourteen and we tried cigarettes; I got addicted and he made me quit. He'd grunted at me. I ground out bitterly. I just wanted a friend to take me so the other guys would stop hounding me. And then afterwards, we walked back to my place, a little bit tipsy, and even though he never explicitly said so, I was sure he was walking me the entire two kilometres because he felt a little bad for ignoring me the entire night. I wanted to thank him for putting up with me, but I knew he'd hate it. Curiosity peaked, I could tell, but he hid it well. Still no answer, but I could tell he hated that I was making him sound mushy and caring. But I couldn't tell him that. But now that I'd forgiven him, I had to say sorry. Truth was, sometimes I really believed that if I hadn't turned up, Molly would still be alive. Peeking up at Zach, I saw him smirk. My mouth dropped open in shock just as the speaker called out,  Zach smirked again. Ryan smirked at us. Then he kissed me again, and again and again until the bus came and we made it back to his place and played Mario Cart, because neither of us had played for three whole weeks. He took steps and every second brought him closer to where I was standing. They were alluring. I stared at his face probing for answers. I felt my heart thumped faster. He finished. Our faces were inches apart and I think our lips would touch almost any second. She was clad in a plaid blue skirt, crisp white blouse and a red tie hung in her neck. Liz came over to where I was standing. She was staring intently at her newly manicured nails. We three were of very different temperaments; I find it strange how we became best friends. This is normal. I really hate our uniforms but when he wore it, it was almost appealing. I didn't look at her but continued staring at Nate. I returned his smile too. I still continued to like him. So I had to hurry and do this before anybody sees me. I took a deep breath and calmed myself. When I was sure that no one was around, I slipped the pink envelope in his locker door and pushed it till it was not visible anymore. I was so nervous I could die. Then I curled my long hair. More like anxious, nervous, and tense. He was tall and his skin was the colour of peaches and cream. On his hand was a familiar pink envelope. Woo! Anyways, her little crush stopped after my mom's wedding. I know that that is so corny, but it's true, so shush. I, for one, was still in shock that my mother just up and started dating after fifteen years and she was already serious about him. Kara found this  and invited her best friend Shenny (pronounced like Jenny). He was obviously her type. She's too sensitive, if you ask me. When I was in fifth grade, the librarian at my school told me that guys like shorter girls, so I'm guessing that's why. Then Mom told me to go to my room. I didn't see much of Bradley or Tristain, except during the stupid dancing lessons we were forced to take for the dance we'd all do at the reception. Oh, but that was on purpose because his hand was lower on my back than needed be. But I'm sure I could find some way to put that on him. My mother wasn't exactly amused. Hell no. I closed my eyes tightly, still not turning around. They were the ones that brought the beer seeing as they were old enough to buy it. If they didn't, I told them that they were to stay the night and they better be gone in the morning. Inside, I found Tristain sitting on his bed still awake. Nova started down the trail that led towards her home with only a basket of berries to show for her efforts. Kaya, the female alpha, gave Nova an empathy smile and thanked her for bringing the food to her. Paco and Lulu had always been in love every since they were pups so it wasn't such a big surprise. Nova's mother was already inside, the meal ready for when her mate came in. Nova sighed longingly for a full meal and daydreamed of the summer days with fruits and rabbit meat for every meal. he rumbled, releasing her so she could follow his instructions. Everyone was leaving their home, trying to make it into the unmarked forest to the east that that was rarely used. She staggered around for hours, listening for the sounds of paws or feet on the ground, markings in the bracken, or even the hint of a familiar scent. Nova shuffled father back in the burrow, pressing her hindquarters against the dirt wall, facing the entrance. The man grunted in pain but, pulled his hand from her jaws and swiftly grabbed the scruff of her neck before she could pull back from him. She whimpered and lay there, trying to regain her breath and figure out if her rib was broken or not. She lay across his shoulders, struggling to breathe as he carried her off to some unknown place. She looked closely at her captors while her kidnapper held tight to her rope. His image would have made hope flicker in Nova's heart but, his eyes held cold ice for her and made her wary of trusting him for anything. She looked around curiously, wanting to know as much about her captors as possible. The men must have come from another territory. He looked younger than Andre but, wasn't close to boyhood either. Coty exclaimed. Coty barked out a laugh and pulled her away from the dirty man and into his arms, taking her rope with him. A few of the girls stirred as Nova arrived but, most were curled up sleeping next to one another. Nova didn't see her father among them. Cries can from the fallen girls until Andre stopped his assault. They were watered and feed until all their bellies were content for the first time in weeks. Many of the other girls had similar injuries from their daily running but, none of them risked stopping for fear of a beating again from Andre. She still hadn't spotted either of her parents in any of the groups though. It was so beautiful. They were older women that would have grandchildren by now and should have been talked to with much more respect than Andre was showing them. The water steamed up into the air and the ground was warmer around the pools of warmth. After Nova was released she eased herself next to Chitsa and her sister and nestled closed to them. Brushes and combs were passed around and each girl had another fix their hair into a braid as Maria instructed them to do. Nova's pack females made themselves comfortable as best that they could while their meal was brought to them by other females of Andre's pack. This pack had kidnapped other females before them. They were all barbaric and savage for doing such a thing! They had never seen such brightly clothed men with lime green clothes and bright violet cloaks and with such fair hair, all of them. It seemed most of the girls thought the same thing and none moved. Chitsa was among them. Nine of the men picked a girl out of line. Picking a mate was supposed to be a careful choice, not like picking out your clothes for the day! Nova let her own silent tears make tracks down her cheeks as the girls around her started to figure out what she had realized outside in the line. The small group slept curled up together after that. Extra care was used this time as the women made sure they were readied and cleaned. They looked even larger to her since she was so tiny already. The man grunted and motioned for his men to look as he himself eyed each of them carefully, pulling each girl out of line and examining them thoroughly. He titled his head to the side and stared down at her before stooping down to get eye to eye with Nova. A low growl rumbled from out of his chest, halting the rest of the men from their search to look over at their leader. he asked. Chitsa's sister looked at Nova in horror before she was carried off into the forest in the arms of a strange man. I know that she wouldn't miss me, even if someone came and murdered me with a toothpick. He taught me how to see someone's weakness and exploit it. I tried to smother myself in my hands, to get away from that demented bitch. I see mom's mouth twitch as she tried not to laugh out loud. Oh, dad, you might want to get that checked out… It looks like it's about to burst any minute. Dad… well he looks like my normal father: angry, stressed, and a beet red that symbolizes his displeasure. It was a tradition and since we probably weren't going to see each other again today, I was ecstatic that he had slipped it to me nondescriptly. I would have change my name immediately. I would like to see you do it. To this day, she maintains that it was a different time period and getting pregnant that early was normal. To my immense surprise, it doesn't blow up. I push off and walk towards the far wall where my bed is located. I'll have to rip those down if I want to sleep tonight. In a few months, she'd grow to be a beast of a dog. I was a rebel when I was younger, what can I say? Now, I understood perfectly what he meant. (I can't promise it's perfect, and if you catch any mistakes, please feel free to let me know! Regardless, I hope you enjoy. Just because he has wings doesn't always mean he's an angel, after all. She was the Key. In fact, she'd be turning seventeen in a manner of minutes; at least, according to the pocket watch he borrowed from the Ferry. It would make his job much easier. It fit her. It was nice to be surprised again. Now all he had to do was wait for the pieces to fall into place. . I'm 25 years old, with a Master's in both psychology and computer programming, but I still have not been able to find a good job with decent pay. You wanna come and have some fun? No they got way too wild for me. Everything is will eventually work out. God I've wished for this my whole life and even as an adult I wish for it…even as I've worked hard, and stiffed my childish wishes and dreams of traveling and of doing nothing yet doing everything. I washed the plate and cup, and went to the fridge and grabbed my sweet tea and gourmet microwave pasta dinner. I leaned down and took a bite of my gourmet fettuine alfredo pasta, and moaned in pleasure as the cheese and the seasoning exploded in my mouth. I kept the screen on my desktop background of me and mom in plain view every time I was about to go to bed. And then there was the proud declaration about the 300,000 hard-working employed construction workers that were each well trained skilled professional men and women. If you don't like it oh well, this is my process. Misunderstandings and oblivious Were-Boys and girls abound. . Over and over again. they'd said. Wanted to get scolded for eating the fresh green grass, because she was a naughty werebaby, no matter how many times her momma told her that grass wasn't for eating. Poked, prodded, experimented on her until the pain was all she knew. They experimented on them too, for a short time. Never peacefully. But the weather had loosened their boards, and the little wolf was peering in at her through the cracks. The bravest, the most powerful…the alpha was supposed to be undefeatable. There was shouting, crashing, sounds of distress coming from above the cellar. A chilling, eerie silence. He felt real, so real, please be real. She clutched the werecub closer, as if she could hide, disappear into his fur. Her limbs felt too light, the feeling unnatural after being tethered so long. What did they want with her? Kill them. Jaguars were even incapable of caring about their own mates or cubs. There was no penalty for killing a Mutt. Why did the still hurt her? Didn't keep her in chains. Said forgetting was the thing keeping her sane. Growled even if she heard them outside her doorway. Human. Still, she ignored him. The boy flinched away and sat in front of the bed, whining and howling little broken wolfy howls. Safe, safe, the boy was her safe, and he should never cry, never be hurt. Her wrists still looked so bare and strange without the shackles, unbruised and unblemished for what felt like the first time in her life. Told her that the Alpha did it too; scent marked every new born wolf cub on their day of birth. Safe, so it had to be him. But she'd brush her little fingers through his thick black fur from time to time, and they would sleep cuddled up like pack every night. Her big, blue eyes were wide and anxious, and her heart was beating fast, like she was doing something she knew she shouldn't be doing. The girl was something unknown, a threat. She was invading Adelaide's den and her instincts were screaming at her to defend it. Finally, he crawled under the blankets with Addi, presumably to calm her down, but it still took her hours before her shaking stopped. The boy fought his hold, yelping horribly, trying to get back to Addi, but the man—David-—was too strong. For once hating that the door was closed, locked, because the boy was out there and she couldn't reach him. Almost as much as I love peanut butter. I mean, I kind of like the hat, it's just I rather not be wearing it in the company of cute, French accented boys. He's not going to want to make out with me in that. I've tried to prompt him into saying  to me by introducing the notion but he always returns it with a  and it's getting rather hard to trick him into it. Only that'd mean he'd stop visiting. I like a challenge, that's all. I note his furrowed eyebrows and pursed lips and blink at him, bemused; what's he so upset about? ? Like the one paused on my computer right now. The copy that is always rented out by Julian. The irony makes me want to laugh; only I don't feel like laughing right now. Both of which are definitely not sexy things to be saying, even if they are in French. He was giving me this real meaningful look when he said it too, like he was trying to tell me something just that I was too stupid to get it. Perhaps the combination of him feeling nervous over being so angry the other day and my feeling nervous because, to be totally honest…I've kind of developed a tiny bit of a crush on the guy. He's not supposed to stick around staring at me like this. It's not at all like him. What's wrong? I wish! I want to know what's going on too; things seemed just fine a moment ago. Only I've got a feeling it's got something to do with me…which means her probably won't feel like talking very much. Julian sets his hands down on my spinny chair and rolls it towards him, climbing over the bench and sitting atop it, looking down at me, eyes intent. Or at least, he really, really seems like he wants to kiss me from the way he's looking at me and holding my cheek like that. He opens his mouth, and starts to engage me in a furious battle of tonsil hockey, and my mind goes so far up into the heavens I don't even think about customers walking in on us. Praaiisee me. She stopped short and threw the maroon colored blazer back onto her bed, realizing that it wouldn't be necessary since it was still quite hot. But with the look of things, it wasn't going to rain any time soon. She closed the window and left her bedroom hoping to escape the smell. If she thought about it, it was a good thing; at least she could cross out skin cancer as a possible cause for her death. Yasmin thought fun was going to the beach hoping to pick up guys, going to parties and spending all her allowance at the mall purchasing clothes and shoes, half of which she would never wear. Minerva thought, sniffing the air as well. They didn't need some news reporter to confirm what their eyes were seeing. It might as well been snowing inside. The frown on her face deepened. Oh, how she wished for a fireplace. The door opened ever so slowly as her roommate willed it not to creak, trying to sneak into the apartment. She rolled her neck and shook the snow from her hair before stepping past her scowling roommate and crashing on their dear, faded, blue couch. Instead, she reached over and grabbed the blanket, draping it over her form. And she knew she was wrong from the angry glare in Mia's dark brown eyes. "They're giving us thirty days to make up four months of rent? It had been their home for the last two years. she finally said. Wordlessly, she took a piece of newspaper from her purse and placed it in front of Mia. It was torn and she had no doubt that Rebecca had stolen it from a newspaper stand. And a name. She pointed again. You usually couldn't see anything through the film of smog in Manhattan. She had never been in here before, but it looked just like any regular office building. It gave him an opportunity each day to spot a nice pair of tits, a nice ass, and today, it was a nice pair of legs. The large box under one arm clearly announced to everyone that he had just been fired. Mia said after him. Mia was embarrassed to find that he was cleaning the snow that she had trailed in. He flashed Mia his building ID he wore around his neck. Though, she had to admit that they would be in less debt if she hadn't gotten contacts. They must have been here to interview for the job as well. All were in a hurry and workmates barely had a moment to nod a hello to each other as they passed. She started towards the receptionist. The woman looked up when she received no response. Others seemed to be reciting the things on their resume. Well, it was something, right? Mia would have guessed that she was thirty, though she knew that the woman must be much older. The woman didn't take it. I would really like this job. Mia continued, smiling faintly. This is a brand new story, so encouragement would be adored. I love sleeping with the windows open. The sky and sea seemed one in the same, and had it not been for the distant, legendary islands of Li Galli and the morning sun stretching out above the horizon, the unbroken scene would have made my disconnection from reality that much more out of touch. Here I was free to be me, as corny as it sounded. And here I was free to have as much sex with the man I cared about without being paranoid about getting caught by the authorities and thrown in prison. I moved right along, thwicking all the way to the back room to set down my bag. I added whilst shaking. In fact, cute guys were nothing but trouble. Although we weren't particularly close—mostly due to Brooke's inability to show emotion—even she noticed something was off. Instead, they seemed to float with me as I milled about, taking and delivering orders. It was the third time in a matter of forty-five minutes I'd mixed people's orders. By the time they came back inside it was always vacant. Brooke's eyes rolled slightly while Ashley just shook her head in disgust. Larry mostly served as his personal laugh track. Wanting to have this over and done with as soon as possible, I retrieved two tall glasses, filled them to the brim with sweet tea, balanced them on a tray and started back. The glasses lay in thousands of tiny pieces at my feet; the tray had managed to spin on its side and rested with a loud clatter by the man with the nachos. By the time it did, a second had passed and it was already too late. After dealing with the Lumberjerks I was irritated. Conversely, the boy kicked forward and started rolling away. He was enjoying this. We stared at each other for what had to be the longest second on record. Matched with his eyes, I was sure he was still teasing me. Then he flew away into the darkness, his motorcycle so loud it ripped the air to shreds. Even if I could somehow catch up to him, it wasn't like I'd be able to get anything more than an eye spasm. Although a fury still burned beneath the surface of my drying skin, I knew better than to snap at him. Meanwhile the Lumberjerks chortled pleasantly from their booth like two middle-aged women at a beauty parlor. And I felt alone until Ashley came over and handed me a Wet Floor sign. He was standing behind the counter, brushing a hand down his face with closed eyes. Once someone mercilessly crashes into you without so much as an apology, all thoughts of attraction kind of go out the door. Looking over at him now, watching his face scrunch like a squeezed sponge, I couldn't figure out what had set him off. Please enjoy. I definitely didn't ask her job to transfer her from the little town of Oakland, Connecticut to the busy city of Phoenix, Arizona. For, this isn't a first. I just like to be alone. Yeah, that's what it did. I knew I was never going to see my container of Barbie's again. I am a rather short girl. But I liked them that way, I did. I can't stand people who don't give us but five minutes to move in. As if clowns weren't deranged enough. Suddenly, my appetite for the delicious looking pie had completely deceased. I also learned they had a daughter named Julie who went to Kingston High, the school I would be going to myself. I could hear Oliver  down the pie, as Mrs. Barker had nicely put it, in the distance. Maybe that's what I wanted. They looked mean. Oliver didn't help my cause anymore when he abruptly popped the lock on the vehicle. No sooner had I grabbed my backpack, my mother zoomed off down the road to deliver Oliver to his new academic environment. No one had the decency to even hide their discontent. He laughed as I began to trip over the sidewalk. My only hope was that this goal could be achieved through utter and complete silence. Brushing my hair behind my now red ears, I glanced up. I could only gaze at his small lips as he began to speak again. It was then that I decided to like this boy. I wanted to beg for his company but before I could even get a word out, he was waving goodbye. Everything went blank. At least the blue and white jackets looked like it. I was just happy to be my classroom. To others, he might look like just a simple teenage brunette with a nice vest and bag yet to me, he was a wonderful soul with delicious blue eyes. After their departure, the hallways suddenly began to clear up and I soon came to the realization that I was still standing in front of Mr. Welles. And as he began to lift his soft and warm looking hand, I had to flee. Peace of mind and a piece of personal space. In my classes there was a circle of empty desks around me and few of the teachers ever asked me anything. You never know where they've been. are you happy? why don't you have any friends? . I clenched my fists, fighting the sudden and overwhelming desire to smash the picture and then burn it. No wonder people thought I wascrazy. And so started my therapy. I was too busy considering exactly how I was going to orchestrate my miraculous recovery so I could stop having to waste an hour a week talking about why I wasn't able to fit in. Or maybe at least start being generally creepy towards them? Possibly even in love. And it made stalking him even easier. DisEn will be along relatively soon, but this insisted on coming first. But what will Connor's army of fangirls have to say about their idol no longer being single? . . That was the moment - the very moment - when it happened. You OK? I blinked several times, suddenly very aware of his close proximity and my own dishevelled, windswept appearance. As I breathed the lovely, distinctly masculine scent of him along with the crisp, biting winter air, I searched desperately for something clever to say to him that wasn't . . . But there was nothing I could do now but watch him go, watch him make his way as discreetly as possible, perhaps already having forgotten all about me. Just another bothersome nobody. . . . . what was wrong with me? Was this some sort of sick way of reminding me just how out of reach he was? . I was also far from stinking-rich. . Heart racing, I dialled the number I knew well and waited. the one who plays in that movie we went to see two weeks ago? what about him? On my way home. ' she asked. no, I didn't. 'You met the lead actor of Heyday and you didn't even get his siggie? . . You need to be more outgoing - no wonder he just walked away! . I'd better go now. Bye! I might be shy, but I could never do such a thing. . . My bed was pushed against the cream wall facing the blue wall which where covered in curtains so the sunlight wouldn't come in ,the opposite wall had my wardrobe, a shelf with all mg books most of them romance novels because i was a crazy reader and her desk. He had his own business of buying new computers and repairing old ones. It was a beautiful October morning ,the sun was shining but it wasn't very hot so I didn't mind walking. She was one of the most popular girls in school and guys went crazy over her and yet she didn't let that go to her head ,where as I was the girl no one noticed, I had brown hair which curled at the ends, hazel eyes which I thought was totally boring and to top it all off I was only  how sad was that. They left and she turned back to me , I opened my locker and got the books I needed. He had the whole surfer look going, you know what I mean. I closed my mouth and started looking around innocently an angry Gypsie was not a very nice Gypsie. Where I was shy and quiet she had an opinion about everything and she didn't mind letting you know, I don't know how we have remained friends through all these years being so different from each other. We reached home and got out of the car. God only knew what kind of trouble she was going to put us into. The four of them are ridiculously over-protective when it comes to me. But each shines spectacularly in a different sport. Prized player, and heavily worshiped for it. The boy was dead fast. And tackling isn't even his job. It may have something to do with the fact I'm significantly smaller and lighter, but never mind that. Mom died before delivering me, so they had to surgically remove me or I would've been a miscarriage. So, we made the decision, once the quadruplets turned sixteen, we'd move out. And that The Pack will beckon with one call. I had a lot of fun changing it up and, hopefully, this is better than the original! Without even a glance in my direction, Seth exited and began speaking with the movers, directing them on where our furniture should go. That thought alone brought on another onslaught of fresh tears. It was the smallest on the block, but that didn't really matter. The one thing that set them apart the most was the texture of their hair, since one had hair in tight ringlets, one had waves with the occasional curl and the last had hair straight as a pin. In return I lifted my lips up slightly, but I knew that it was nowhere near as stunning. I had to look away in disgust when they started kissing in our driveway. Now would be a good time as any to get acquainted with the house. Boxes were piling up in the living room and I thought of what a pain unpacking all of this would be. I sighed and placed it tenderly on my nightstand. Otherwise she was the only reason we were really here in the first place. I shot him a small smile, but it fell when I saw the look on his face. My father just died; how much worse could anything get? I could not lose Seth. He kissed my forehead when he saw my dejected face. For my brother. I missed my apartment building on the 14th floor and the balcony that I could see the Empire State Building from. Me, not so much. If she was actually nice, I would understand why my brother would have fallen for her. As I walked past Alexis I  kicked her and said,  Even that didn't make them unglue themselves from each other. - before taking it. Seth was extremely, unnecessarily overprotective. That and the fact that I'm extremely quiet. Not my thing. Jayden gestured to the house on the left. When I looked up at him, he shot me a look and I rolled my eyes. Hmm, what was I going to wear? . His heart broke each time he pictured the look of hurt in her eyes. Flipping it open, he dialed a number he knew by heart. So when they were finally going home for winter vacation, they met up and ended up fighting. Always though, after the fight he would find himself seeking the comfort of his best friend. Always, his answer would be the same. He was just too good for her. Grabbing a jacket, he quickly left his house and headed for the car. As he backed out of his driveway and began roaming the streets, she was still rambling. His eyes intently stayed on the house before him. But he knew she wasn't doing that. Then he held his girlfriend's stare for a few seconds before exiting his car and heading towards her door. By now, this being their fourth fight, it had become a routine for them. He wanted to make her smile. Those one-shots I have been agonzing over for months now and I'm still not done. I'm just glad I was able to crank out something. After a Christmas they would both rather forget, love and deception buffet Pippa's new rural lifestyle and as her time at Aspen Valley Stables draws to its conclusion she discovers Peace Offering is not the only thing she will want to keep. Of course, when she did need to use a car, there was always Ollie. Or the countryside for that matter. A human at last! There was no way she could drive to Ireland on one tank of fuel. I think I must have taken a wrong turning somewhere. Aspen Valley is the next turning on your left after that. You'll be there in ten minutes. She hadn't done a three-point-turn since her test eight years ago and certainly never on this sort of road. The car shot forward into the hedge. The silver Land Rover waiting flashed its headlights at her. 'You are just going to have to wait. Long distorted shadows seeped across the emerald-lush grass from several horses grazing with the setting sun warming their supple bodies. Several inquisitive equine heads appeared over their respective half-doors before a heel scraping against concrete behind her caught her attention. He stood with his hands on his blue-jeaned hips. My uncle was Dave Taylor… he owned a couple of horses here,' she added when he didn't say anything. ' She attempted a cheery laugh without success. 'Would you like to come in and have a drink? According to the captions, neither Virtuoso nor Black Russian belonged to her uncle. Which was true, even if she did say so herself. Pippa wondered how much sleep this man managed every night with that much caffeine raging through his system. He put her coffee down on the heavy wood desk before settling himself in the high-backed leather office chair round the other side. What would I want with a racehorse? That you want to sell them? You might be able to get a late entry in the HIT sales next month. 'HIT sales? 'And what do I have to do? That seaside holiday was some years ago,' she said, her back stiffening in defence. ' Pippa smiled into her coffee mug, feeling strangely triumphant when he gave a reluctant chuckle. 'How much do you think you could sell them for? 'You know what a reserve is, don't you? What are their names? I don't know what kind of inheritance Dave has left you, but he certainly wasn't making a profit out of those two. I'll take you to see them quickly. 'I'm sorry if I'm delaying you for anything. His eyes narrowed at the hire-car sitting beside the Land Rover. ' she blurted. He scowled at her pink slingbacks. A moment later he reappeared holding a dirty pair of Wellington boots aloft. She flashed him a warning look that forbade him from saying anything. The horses all threw their heads up and as one, came cantering over, play-biting and bucking. 'And that at the back is Peace Offering. It did feel terribly grand, especially as they were racehorses. He won't bite. 'See? As if he had been a plain-coloured horse who'd had his make-up done. 'He's so pretty though, I'm sure he'll sell well. Are you travelling back up to London tonight? I'm sure it can't be as bad as all that though. Nice to meet you Astolat. 'It's such a pity. But wouldn't it have been fun? Why? That is how I know you go on. . I heard my brother Christian sigh, and he tossed me a box of tissues which I accepted gratefully. ) For the rest of the week, I was the laughing stock of the school, and had to put up with the guys' hideous eyes glued to my chest everytime I walked past. . ) He'd, with no doubt, be deemed as a freak for all eternity because of his highly dislikeable personality (the girls who bow to his feet like he's a Greek God have serious mental issues. Not the one who's my brother's best friend, and the stupid asshole who deserves to rot in hell. I pity his parents for bringing him into their lives, allowing their devil-of-a-son to tarnish the beautiful, innocent world! . Our school, Valley High, seldomly managed to beat them, they had tough and bulky players on their side. ) but I chose to dismiss his comment in my moment of bliss. . Now that I really didn't need. It's perfect. I think those are the main features which attract guys to kiss her feet like she was some exotic goddess, but too bad for them, because Akiko already has a steady boyfriend of one year, Hinamoto Takahashi. . These girls were real. At that time we knew just about nothing except for eating, sleeping, grunting and sexually reproducing (which, in my opinion, was all Vanessa was ever capable of doing. He had calculating black eyes, his black hair was shaved into a buzz-cut, a style fit for entering an army, and his biceps were disgustingly bulky. . I was his best friend's sister, for God's sake! sound. If people actually enjoy this piece of crap, I'll continue :) (Though I guess it's highly unlikely. But the truth hurts, liars will always lie, and besides, mendacity is so much easier than facing reality. For me, that's an understatement. I can't blame it on anyone else. If you've ever gotten caught in a lie, you'll know how I feel. Go me. It's not an expression one usually has when gazing into a refrigerator. I want to tell Sidney the truth, honestly I do. Poor kid. He's kinda cute, even when he's yelling at me. It's like, my mouth just has a mind of its own or something. Mom stands stiffly from her chair and turns to me in what I find to be a very Linda Blaire fashion, walking toward me and then snatching the remote from my hand. Damn. But of course, I've only ever seen the Disney version. Stupid lucky bastard. Well, that's an understatement. Charles admired my loyalty, and we've been best friends ever since. He's always really good to me. At least I have someone like that, you know? I'm tired anyway, and there's school tomorrow. Besides, it sort of talks for itself, literally. Mostly because of the teacher. Well, she tolerates it, and she's one of the few teachers that do. I sit down at my desk in the back and slump in my chair, doodling on notepad for a while. I continue drawing what could be Abe, a cow or a squished parakeet, and I hear the first bell ring, and still no one is here, but not everyone can be as punctual as me, I suppose. Sitting, standing, walking…I think he was a king in a past life. The usual. My friend is so damn promiscuous. It's casually tousled, sexy, unlike mine. I'm glad I don't like girls, honestly…they giggle in the weirdest way when they're infatuated. They are a very light grey, almost silver in the right lighting. And she was a bitch. I've never said it in return, so I'm not sure what I'd say, but the last thing I want to say to a teacher is 'hope you have a sucky day' or something. I wish I could thank him properly, but my 'thank you' comes out as 'you suck'. I'd wear a miniskirt too, if it didn't make me look like a complete fag. Some big bastard in the front gives a little cat call, and the girl's pretty face curls into a sneer. He just walks around like he owns the school and everyone in it. Not many people are, but he goes out of his damn way to get in my way. Not that everything else he does isn't stupid, because it is, but it ruins his little plot to have me spontaneously combust, or whatever his goal was. Well…we'd get along then…us mentally ill. I'm constantly making unnecessary enemies. I am a liar. This is going to be a fun ride, and we're both really excited about it! Please review to tell us what you thought of everything! Be able to differentiate the difference between the two loves, what makes each love special and why in the end he finds the second one THE ONE. It's too easy a way out. You thought you'd be spending the rest of your life with her. If you get what I mean. The buff-looking man fixed me with a penetrating stare. A normal man would say he got on with his life like how he usually would, without a care for the fact that his one whole year of a relationship with his first true love totally went down the drain in the last 24 hours. manly. Only more annoying. ) ; created numerous rhymes and belted it out loud to some poor, tormented-looking teenagers who obviously snuck into the club; celebrated two strangers' birthday in the same club by doing a supposedly-seductive strip tease and got hauled out of club a few minutes later; went into another club beside it, repeated whatever we did in the previous club –right up till the hauling part-, when we finally decided that we should just get a cab home and sleep. I'm a man. My toasts are the best thing after jello. And that's only because she pays for my expenses. Oh, puck. I looked up at Raleigh incredulously. I panicked. The perfect couple. I struggled to stand still and straight, to no avail. She's with another effin' girl? Opinions, people? And flatter me. My 'Word to the wise' just turned into 'Words to confuse'. . Her full red mouth pouted as her blue eyes roved over his boxer-clad body. Only because you're too pussy to admit…Turning up the radio in his Porsche, his thoughts were almost drowned out as he drove home to take a shower before going over to Damon's house. Wise Fools, as Nina would refer to them. Her black hair was shot through with streaks of white, yet her grey eyes still retained a youthful outlook that promised a long life of successful cases. His slightly tanned skin contrasted against her pale complexion, and his usual calm demeanour was almost an exact opposite of his sister's hyperactive personality… nevertheless he loved his sis to bits. She grabbed the dog by it's neck and mauled it, somehow he knew it would protect her one day… and that was the only reason Josh put up with Densky. She had it bad. They had the whole J-Lo asset thing going on. Even the blonde had a curvy bottom. Thinking it to be her twin brother, Damon, she yanked it open, coming face to face with an amused Josh, who was anything but her brother. His blonde hair was mussed, and yet to be combed, but he was all dressed and ready for work, smiling he cleared his throat. She could hold her own, even without her brother, or their mates watching her back. I hate mornings. However he was such a bookworm and a bit of a gambler (not that his parents knew of Chris's money making schemes) that they just started calling him Bookie, and it sorta stuck. His always ruffled blonde hair was, surprisingly ruffled, and his blue shirt read,  It had a point. Considering she lived in a good neighbourhood and attended a good school. His phone started ringing, he blanched as the sound of Paris Hilton's Stars are blind made it to everyone's ears, I am never letting a girl touch my phone ever again. Slight problem with that stupid, Damon's straight. No one knew about Tom's preferences, especially not his friends, or the girls he 'dated'. As fine as anyone could be when they were in love with an unattainable person. Looks like Mr Heartbreaker Grey may finally be noticing something that was in front of his eyes all along. ! From Josh's predatory gaze that appeared when Nina was no where in sight. Oh and yes there are definitely some characters that haven't been introduced yet. Standing in line, trying to look inconspicuous beneath his dark shades and Rangers cap, he spotted her tearing the dense pastry in half. He watched her throat as she swallowed thickly and his brows knitted; her delicate fingers tore the pastry into eights, and she raised one of the bite-size morsels to her lips, forcing herself to chew. A smirk broke across his features when she finally stopped chewing, let out a deep sigh and visibly relaxed. And while he liked many of the perks that came with fame, being stalked while getting breakfast was something he tried to do without. Then they were never so modest. Strong jaw, wide shoulders, tanned skin, and dark hair flipping out just around the base of his ball cap. It made her stomach tighten into knots, and as much as she didn't want to admit it, this Nate was proving to be a distraction to the pain of her meal. Or where his eyes should have been. Between bites, he continued. She briefly wondered what his eyes looked liked before deciding she didn't care. A bit mysterious, perhaps, but mostly just ridiculous. Not that she would have given it to him. :D I hope to get the next one up soon! I was losing faith in the little redhead. I wasn't sure why. Some bolt for the doors, inhaling in the air, tasting freedom while other lingered about, collecting their things before making their way out. They shouldn't be feeling that way. She tells the truth to you, even though it might break your heart or anything like that. It's not my fault that my mom has horrible tastes in clothing anyway. I swear, I'm not kidding. It's guilty as charged. No matter what she says, I don't snore. I wasn't supposed to be nervous. Shoot. Huh. It made me nervous to think of how people would react if I didn't get a role for a play that I auditioned for when everybody expected me to. It's not like I needed any extra credit that badly, but it would help me if I did. I was too busy trying to keep myself calm and to ignore all of those people who expected me to get the lead role. But for some stupid reason, it seemed like I was getting ready for a big final game. I don't get it at all. So if I didn't get it, oh I'm so damned screwed. Hah, a football player sleeping with a geek. please? I gulped. I smiled, hearing the excitement in his voice. To sign up for my mailing list and get a FREE book (Heroes &amp; Thieves, a historical pirate romance), check out my profile page for a link on that as well. We'll be sure to let you know! Any tips would be helpful. Our second source confirms that her name is, indeed, Andie Shepherd, and that she has been  A little crass, of course, but it was later found out that he is an ex-boyfriend of hers, locked up for two years on kidnapping. This reporter is quite surprised they have lasted this long. Every woman in Onyx is hoping the answer is yes, while many of our male readers have expressed an interest in sweet Andie Shepherd. Suffice to say, he was not happy. Though the two were separated at the party, our source tells us Jack's eyes were always searching, as though he was trying to keep tabs on his date. He followed shortly after. Neither was perturbed, however, as their laughing continued. Does Jack Phillip know about this? She is quite a woman. In fact, we have plans to open up Onyx City's first animal shelter in hopes to rescue stray animals and keep them for as long as they need, instead of sending them to the pound. She's never been, so we'll see where that goes. I find it quite flattering. What does Miss Shepherd think of it all? The two left soon after, holding hands. It would seem Mister Phillip doesn't always sweep his women off of their feet. It would seem that he was intrigued with her bluntness. It is obvious to see, whether you meet them in person or see the pictures, that they are truly enamored with each other and have what it takes to go the distance, wherever the distance may be. And if Jack Phillip could put up with Andie's stubbornness, more power to them. It was clear Onyx's notorious bachelor was in love. Risked his life, took a bullet for her. She called mental wards, police stations, prisons; anywhere that might be housing him. In fact, it kind of annoyed her, but it was the one advantage she had right now. She looked stunning. He probably had access to information and closed quarters–he could probably go wherever he wanted, really. She wished she could be surprised that Jack wasn't home yet, but glancing over at the hall clock, she realized she probably wouldn't be expecting him for another couple of hours. When she reached the top, she turned left, heading all the way down the hall until she reached their bedroom. Maybe if she slipped into something more comfortable… something sensual. This would be perfect. Then she removed her hair from the elastic holding it up and raked her fingers through it a couple of times before positioning herself on the bed somewhat seductively. He stifled a groan, realizing his body was reacting to his own thoughts, and at that moment, he wanted nothing more than to hold her in his arms, to kiss her lips, to make her moan his name. She was teasing him, he realized, as he slipped his white wife beater over his head, and God, did he love it. she said, her voice pleading. He needed this, more than he realized. He knew it too, and his lips began plundering her throat as his hand pulled away from her hair and ran down her collarbone until it held her breast securely in its grasp. Andie's arm wrapped around him as her other hand clenched the back of his head, wanting him to be closer to her, if that was even possible. As his fingers began to dance almost wildly, her grip on him tightened, and he could tell by the way she pressed hardly down on her lip, she was getting close. If people just looked into her eyes, there would be that dark, mischievous sparkle that said more than words could say. She was his. she concluded, her lips just near his ear. He could stare at her for hours, fully clothed or not. He wanted her to feel him; he wanted to feel every aspect of her. Her body felt so natural against him, as though they were literally made for each other. Her breasts were pushed up against his chest, and his hand released her thigh to grip her hip. It was the most beautiful sight he had ever seen, really, and before he knew it, he was following suit, releasing every ounce of him inside of her. Never had he been so addicted to making love to one person before. She tilted her head and kissed his pulse, which was trying to get control of its self. Or it could have been the weight of an arm around my waist and deep sleeping breaths I could hear from over my shoulder. Yeah, definitely a weekend worth the celebration. One of the windows had been opened to its max – a huge one inch – so one of the flowing floor-ceiling curtains was blowing and swaying in the breeze being created, it was this movement that provided light to the darkened room, a light that could have woken me. Jesus, I prayed he would still be asleep so then I could just sneak out; I wasn't a huge cuddling person, especially when it came to strangers and one night stands. I took just a moment longer to admire the man I had so drunkenly picked out last night, I almost started to congratulate myself as well, couldn't have done much better if I had actually tried. Gag-worthy I know. I could see two of them, one on his chest and one just peeking out from beneath the sheet that I couldn't entirely see. Why would it be familiar to me? It couldn't be. What the fuck had I done? Then for some reason I can't even remember, they had a falling out, I was seven at the time so it was all a blur really, I just remember being upset because we moved away, Christian and his brother had been best friends to my brother Sam and I up until that point, hardly surprising considering that our parents had always just lumped us together. Wow guess this means I don't have any sense either. Isn't that what guys are all about? No, no way in hell. I looked further but couldn't find any more of my own clothes, where in hell are they? It will have to do. I hated that nickname; it was something his smart-arsed five year old self had come up with in one of his moments of genius clearly. I couldn't find them lying on the floor anywhere so decided they must have disappeared under the furniture, on my hands and knees I searched the room, heading over to the coffee table to look under the couches. His flight was scheduled to leave at three this afternoon, guess that was why he was out partying last night, he must have scored the deal. It was then I took in the background of the photo, we were standing in front of one of those cheap white chapel wedding venues that were dotted all over Vegas for impromptu weddings, God they were tacky. The moment of shock suddenly wore off and I screamed. Oh kill me now. Literally. I sound like a drama queen but I don't even know how angry my Dad would get at me because of this, I don't even know if he will be able to handle that amount, he'll probably have a heart attack. The four years away from him at college had been a paradise, I was actually able to get out from under that repressive shadow and by the time we both came back to New York to start work for our respected companies, well we had grown up quite a bit and generally avoided one another, something made not so easy when we ran in similar social circles. Almost. It's hard falling for a guy that wouldn't be the least interested in you. I was generally (kinda) immune to his charm, but when he got all touchy-feely like just before, my 'calm' demeanour just went to bits. But, to his constant chagrin, he was no sports star. Sure, I had blonde hair and blue eyes (I swear I'm not a bombshell), but my hair was dull and my eyes were more of a pond colour, even though my mother continually insisted they were blue. As he slid into the seat next to me, the hairs on the back of my neck rose as I felt all the girls' eyes boring into my back. However, before I had taken two steps I whipped around and filched the chips from his loose grasp. He wasn't too good at dodging either and I heard quite a few startled yelps behind me as I burst out of the room and into the sunshine. Normally I'd bolt to the girl's bathroom and lock the door, but I didn't particularly feel like consuming poo particles with my yummy chips. He came out on top and sat on me, smirking. Then, faster than I've ever run in my life, I dashed off to the girls toilets. And then there was me, plain-faced me who could make people laugh but couldn't hold a serious, intellectual conversation to save my life. But Dean didn't go for girls that were passingly pretty sometimes – he went for the full deal. Stupid Dean. I said, trying to sound affronted. She wouldn't do that… right? Thankfully it didn't sound like Harriet was breaking my trust. I hissed, one tear finally escaping and spilling over. Oh, and the 'annoying song' is 'Gettin' Over You' by David Guetta and featuring all these other people. It gave me the motivation to continue and pick up where I'd left off, which in all honesty, was very daunting and intimidating. There are a few more chapters left to go in their teen years before I can bring them back to their adult lives, where the prologue left off. Either way, I'd love it if you would review and let me know what you think. I do not cry anymore. Ever. I love you too Murphy. You're always gonna be my little palm tree ;) . Either the girl had turned out to be a total slut and wanted to get into all the boys' pants, or the girl was at her breaking point and couldn't take it anymore. Come to think of it, I never asked my dad where he worked, or what kind of work he did. I wondered why my parents, or rather parent and brothers had agreed to this, turns out they were paying for my whole entire stay, dorm, uniform, the whole shibang. Personally, boys don't give me much interest, yes that must sound a little weird, and no I am not lesbian, although I respect other peoples' wishes on their orientation. x. My mom released me and tucked a piece of my hair behind my ear and smiled. I had already sent my other things (a couple dorm stuff along with some clothes) in a box a week before, so I didn't have to carry that many things with me. x. She smiled lightly and told me that it was time for me to get off, I thanked her politely and grabbed my backpack and my carry-on and headed off the plane. They were uncomfortable, very uncomfortable. My three brothers who all had their share of protecting me. His hair was like dad's, a chocolate brown, nearly black and his eyes were the darkest shade of green I'd seen in my life. They also had this obsession with cars, any type of cars, I guess being their only younger sister I got influenced into it too. Did mom tell him? Could it be that this new experience was getting to my head? x. they'd be smart. Hopefully some of them will be nerds and hide in their textbooks and not bother me, oh lord please let at least half the population be nerds. does that sound confusing to you? I had to admit, this place was pretty impressive. He stared at me for a while and I stared back. I was about to open the window when the person behind me said my voice, making me turn around quickly. So, why not? But I shook Mr. Phedophile's hand anyway. :) . My jaw is hanging open whilst I stand frozen still unable to believe that for the first time, I am really in the presence of People Magazine's 11th most eligible bachelor in America. I didn't know he is for real. His eyebrows are just as neat too. Not that I'm imagining him doing those great stuff to me or anything. He's like a piece of art – wait, make that 'an expensive piece of art. I am about to look even further down and right in to his pants before hearing a loud roar. If your boss is this hot, you're bound to get distracted. Damn it! My supervisor even thanked me for doing so! Apparently, he emerged from the deepest pits of hell with the sole purpose of robbing us of all hope too. . He had dark hair and eyes, and a crooked smile that sent all of the girls at Prescott Prep into a frenzy. Of course Keely had agreed and they had sat on the school steps eating their popsicles, their tongues and teeth stained a deep purple color. The pair never spoke, simply licked their icy treats together and watched the other kids play on the blacktop. From then on, she and her girlfriends had taken to sitting in the bleachers of the gym during basketball practice to watch Trent play. But eventually, he had broken up with her over Instant Messenger. He had come in on a baseball scholarship and was planning to stay an extra year before joining the major leagues. And most importantly, she loved the way it felt when he kissed her. Their mothers had been chatting on the bench nearby and had become fast friends, bringing their children over quite often to play together during barbeques and get-togethers at the pool. Of course, she had refused—the main reason that their three-month relationship had come to a close. Only then had she relented. They didn't understand the fact that she had known Andrew since he had been wearing pull-ups and couldn't possibly imagine herself dating him, even if he was admittedly a very attractive guy. She was an attractive brunette, who always wore headbands, had constant pink fingernails, and was consistently adorned with a set of pearls. The two friends were attached at the hip—always seen whispering to each other, passing notes back and forth, and texting, giggling at jokes that only they understood. She always knew the right thing to say in every situation, and was a great listener. It was a welcome day, after the harsh winter, and everyone at Prescott Prep had decided to eat lunch outside by the lake, sprawled out on blankets, sitting in trees, or testing their bravery in the water. It wasn't long before she found her group of friends sitting under their usual tree, sprawled out in the grass. Keely and Andrew had both decided to attend George Washington together in the fall, while their other friends were going elsewhere in the country. He was the strong silent type—he rarely spoke, but she enjoyed the mystery. Students had made a practice of finding random shoes around campus and then dropping them off in a box in front of her dorm room. She heard one of them mutter something to the other, but she couldn't make out the words. The bag of chips lay forgotten on the ground. She struggled as he inched ever closer. Their group of friends had abandoned their food and run over to watch the commotion. She rolled her eyes, used to his antics. She simply stuck her middle finger out in his direction as a response, and turned back around to enjoy her afternoon with Dean. It looked sort of like a camp, except nicer. At first look, his face was harsh-looking, with all of its sharp edges, but then he smiled, and every part of him seemed softer. He smiled too, and it made Sydney feel like less of a stranger. he said. said Fin. She didn't want to deal with any of it. She was wearing baggy jeans and a big T-shirt. Room 3 was the first door they reached. On Sydney's left was another door, presumably to the room wasn't too big or too small, and the windows let in a lot of light. Then she reluctantly got up to rejoin Fin. Then Fin led her back to the administration building to meet with Walker. She went inside just was Walker was coming outside, and they met at the door. She didn't plan to do a lot of talking. It wasn't rocket science. Plus, Sydney was a little taller, and pretty in a more unique way, where all of her features managed to work together, despite the fact that they weren't normally considered attractive. He was kind of cute, and he had a nice smile. She didn't look like someone Sydney wouldn't want to mess with. Sydney was immediately attracted to him. She wanted to know who they really were. And for the first time in her life, she didn't feel so alone. It was a big wreck on the freeway, and they'd never had a chance. And that's where the story begins. And it would be all right, the man said, it was just for nine months, but I knew better. It wasn't til we got outside that I couldn't hold it back any more. He stood there and watched me, watched my face while I went through three billion thoughts and emotions in two seconds flat. He took off walking toward the car again, his hands jamming into his pockets. he said, raising his eyes to look at me and we stared at each other for a minute. I said shakily. When he looked back at me he looked like he might puke and I tried to smile. Five minutes later we left the store with two wedding rings in a plastic bag and three feet between us, probably because we were too terrified to get any closer. We were getting married. I knew he was only doing this for me, and I admired him for it more than I can say, but I still couldn't stop tears from running down my face. He was still just in a towel so he just peeked around. Luke came in while I stood there, and he was wearing churchy pants and a white shirt and holding two of Bill's ties out to me. I stood in front of him. He started the engine, but before he put it in reverse, he looked over at me with a hesitant smile. . We both fumbled a little putting the rings on each other and before we knew it we were man and wife and did Luke want to kiss the bride? We paid the man and we signed the bottom of the license and we went home. I didn't hear him come in behind me until he said something. he warned me softly before he opened the door. Luke shut the door behind them and turned to me with a big relieved grin. I said, knowing he hated ties. My voice must've really been weird because all of a sudden Randy asked me what was wrong. It was only nine months. What's wrong? I grabbed his hands. He went upstairs and didn't come back down, and when I peeked later he was dead asleep on his bed, and then I fell asleep on mine and when I woke up it was dark outside and he was gone. He didn't see me at first but then he did and I saw him go through the same thing I had, and I turned into my classroom. he asked. Like I said, I wasn't sure why either, but it did. It's already written, so it won't be too long of a wait, but I still have to edit the last part so it may be a couple days. If it did, why would I feel the need to write it? yeah, I don't own it. But my feet stayed rooted to the tiled floor in the corner of the school lobby. They'd gotten kicked out by the school secretary about a dozen times, but she'd just about given up now, knowing they were coming back the next day no matter what. All the times I'd seen him play, the hack had never fallen to the ground while in his possession. But I'd never dared to approach him. He was a few seats ahead of us, directly behind the bus driver's chair. Countless cars were making their way into the city towards their jobs, heading in the same direction we were. Our conversation lazily drifted from topic to topic until, somehow, we got onto the subject of what car Mr. White (our bio teacher and chaperone for the museum trip) drove. The bus driver had turned around and told them only ten minutes ago to be quieter, but the noise level was slowly escalating again. Gross, right? She was, after all, my best friend But if I couldn't even tell my other close friends, why would I be able to tell the guy himself? I didn't have to worry. The teacher would always try to make conversation about casual real-life things, and frankly, it was odd to think of teachers having hobbies and interests outside of grading tests and writing on chalkboards. This was bound to be awkward. However  the note might have been, it would work all the same. I lost, so I had to do it. All of a sudden, the noise in the room seemed deafening. I planned on walking home. I might have majorly creeped him out, but it wasn't as if I was going to see any less of him. Shrugging it off, I picked up my pace again and continued walking. This guy probably thought I was a complete freak. At least then Ryan would know that I had to tell him; that I didn't just go around sticking stalkerish complements on people's backs. Six syllables! It was much easier said than… Well, said. he muttered. Then I turned away from him and continued towards my house. He shrugged his shoulder. My legs almost gave in on me for the second time that day. Still, I couldn't do anything to suppress a slight smile. How was I supposed to think of something to say when we sitting at a table in a quiet bagel shop? he asked, breaking me out of my thoughts. I hope you guys enjoyed it, and I should have the last part out in a few days. In other words I am gay. I'm a fag and Jesse Sanders doesn't have a son who's a fag. The third option open to me is the one my father is most in favor for, and that is erasing my existence. not that I've decided or anything. Gruesome speech finished, he took another puff from his cigarette. I scoffed. He took one last drag from his cigarette before flicking it into the water. If he were he'd be singing an entirely different tune. From that point on I concentrated only on the movement of his mouth and the words that flowed from it. Slightly dazed, I barely registered him lifting me off the railing and back onto the deck. I would give my Uncle a chance and try my luck living at his place. I hope you enjoyed it. . . But she shook her head. . "? It was like a blessing to actually be here. But thankfully my parents were now leaving after a long freshman move-in day. It'd be several years before she'd have to say goodbye to them. It was for having fun, too. I hadn't met him yet, and I was excited to see who I would be living with for the next semester or two. Hopefully we were somewhat compatible. He seemed cool. What a weird name for a person. His own personal inside joke. But I had never gotten used to it. Or maybe I was just imagining things. And now all I wanted to do was settle into my room. Now he seemed like he wanted to get to know me. But to be completely honest, each relationship had been purely sexual. I'd never had my heart broken, but I could still understand that it was hard. I prayed that there wouldn't be any awkwardness between us. Maybe people hadn't been very accepting of him in the past. . That thought made me a bit more comfortable. But the elephant in the room had been discussed and now we were free to talk about anything. But that didn't bother me. Reviews, please! We'll see. And by his fourth Colby was done for, much to the delighted amusement of his filthy drunk friends who would just continue to drink the whole night and sucker him into doing all kinds of things. Ashton and Tristan, pretty popular guys in their own rights, were wondering just what the fuck they were doing there when they could've been at the clubs hooking up. He knew what was coming. It was dark and crowded in there, and all of the booths were lined up along a narrow hallway leading to a dance floor; not to mention it was always so hot, like a sauna. Tristan looked as accusing as he sounded. he asked into Colby's ear, without so much as a hello being exchanged between them. As was normally the case. Ashton pleaded. As he stood in front of Colby he swept both hands down his body and back up again, leading Colby's eyes like a cat with a laser pointer. He was tired of the same old shit happening again and again. Its spacious booths accommodated even the largest party. he explained as if Colby had asked or cared. he explained as if that were obvious. Doing things Colby wouldn't otherwise have done, like drinking bottle after bottle of Tristan's Dad's beer on a school night; or roaming the streets freely past curfew as Tristan and Ashton wrestled under the lamps on the sidewalk. And he was fast becoming one too. Colby could not help the way his fingers traced the dash, enjoying the exquisite beauty his friend did not deserve. A professional looking valet bustled up to Ashton as he got out of the car. This might've explained the wild exuberance Ashton had boat loads of. he said, jerking his thumb towards the end of the tight, booth-lined hall where a long and twinkling bar sat gleaming and open. Hell if Colby knew why his friend felt the need to take them off; if anything they added to his appearance. he began, noticing the absence of Tristan's glasses. Yet it seemed the other two wouldn't have it any other way. The music was really loud, and was it just him or, was it getting louder still? One? They did this every time. Blood rushing to his face, Colby made to punch Ashton, who ducked quickly now. Perhaps the humiliation of being kicked out of Gongga, and the fact that he had no ride home had some sort of influence on this decision. He chose to ignore them both, and it was only when he needed to pee so bad it hurt his dick that he spoke. So it was anybody's guess why the alcohol affected him so violently. Then he smacked himself a couple times to get the colour to return and once he was sure that he didn't look so terrible, he took a tentative step forward. He had to get back to Ashton and Tristan. Three steps, four, and Colby was past the dance floor and making great time along the row of booths. But then the heavens opened as he spotted a tight white t-shirt, black hair and sunglasses and immediately dipped to his left into the seat next to Ashton. Ashton Singleton would've rather died than take Colby home. Sunglasses and black hair were spinning and Colby's eyes had a hard time focusing in. Colby continued to stare deliriously at his friend, mind reeling along a rollercoaster of thoughts that he was just too drunk to sort through. He was going home! Sorry for any mistakes. I don't really know yet. Press this button heeeeeere and I will love you forever. That's what it felt like. Was he serious? I looked in the mirror and grimaced. Have you ever been asked, ? Answer me this, though: when asked that question, has your answer ever been, ? They are so much better and far more  powers to have than being able to read minds. Plus I am a heck of a lot cooler and way less whiny than those two. Or twice. Point is, there are a multitude of things and situations in which being able to read minds could be a handy trick to have. Besides, most people have either really boring, disgusting or cringe-worthy thoughts that if you were a mind reader, you'd give an arm and leg not to be one anymore. . Three of them are thinking about sex with the same girl, one is thinking about the sex they had last night and how atrocious it was (the girl's fault, according to him), and two are wishing they could have sex right this second; they're that horny. If they're not thinking about sex, they're thinking about how long they can go without showering before they start to smell, or how many cheeseburgers they can inhale in two minutes, or how loud a fart they can release. The lot of them. I mean, I'd probably still be grossed out by the majority of them, but I wouldn't be as grossed out as I am, you know? Then again, neither does having the ability to hear people's thoughts. I can't tell you how many times that's happened to me, nor how many times my mind reading as gotten me out of it. I can't actually remember what her natural hair colour is, come to think of it. . The two times he acknowledged my existence, that is. I know where my feet are taking me, I don't like that my feet are taking me there, but unfortunately for me, my feet and my conscious appear to be against me today. Mitch is sitting cross-legged on the ground, a guitar cradled in his lap as he strums a few random notes. His eyebrows are drawn together as he looks me over slowly. Turning my attention back to Mitch, I raise my eyebrows to tell him that I'm waiting. Don't want them eavesdropping on us, after all. When I have finished checking my Biology book to make sure I hadn't scribbled down a note about homework, I shut my locker door and turn around, eliciting a rather loud and girlish shriek as I do so. Ordinarily, this would be cause for blushing and ding - Mitch Cooper doesn't talk to just anybody - but I am not ordinary and this was not an ordinary situation. He wouldn't just come up and talk to me for the hell of it. I sure didn't. Did I just get transported to a parallel universe without my knowledge? They were your run of the mill rumours – spent time in a juvenile detention centre, murdered my parents, and so on and so forth. I spend the next hour tuning out my monotonous teacher and instead spend it thinking about what a complete and utter idiot I am to have practically given away my big secret. However, a small part of me had an inkling that my involvement with Mitch, Harmony, and Mitch's stupid car wasn't quite over yet. Of all places. Even if Mitch managed to catch up with me in there, there was no way that Mr. Paulson would allow him to stay if he broke the No Talking policy. Other than hiding from Mitch, that is. He places his elbow on one of the shelves of the bookcase I'm standing beside, and then leans his body against it. He's likely to tell everyone he knows, and he knows pretty much everyone in the school. . I hiss, opening my eyes and glaring at him. I'm just going to have to wait and see what he does. Tensing, my mind immediately jumps to the idea that there's a ghost in my bedroom. Therefore, anything is possible. Big deal. Plus he was charming, and who doesn't like a charmer? Plus it's just rude. Suddenly, he pulls his leg back and walks back over to me. Pulling away, he smiles down at me. he says. Turning on my side, I hug Scruffy to my chest, and with a smile on my face, I close my eyes. Thanks! They had two, and with the excuse of another they could push the boy who had no ability to express himself into the corner of their minds. Heck, both were class presidents. They did not go to his parent meetings, and they did not attend any event in which Casper might take part. His room was empty of the awards, all of his photos and medals stored neatly into boxes in his closet. If even the slightest of pressure was placed on the boy, the skin would bruise. No matter how hard he tried, Casper could not escape her memory. Casper knew what this was for, a reminder of his life. Casper had installed dark curtains to block out the sun, a relaxing thing for the male. Done, done, done. VERY upsetting. I now fear plagiarism as I never have before. Or, for all of the math gurus of the world, perpendicular? Please, go over this 'mom' and 'dad' concept for me one more time. Really, who gives a damn? From what I've been told I've gathered it was only supposed to be temporary, but, wow, sixteen years, five months, and twenty-three days later, here I am. Those three guys are the only thing remotely resembling family that I've got, and this is home sweet home to me. When it comes to guns, he is the best. As for what happened next… well, bloodbath seems too mild of a word. Probably both. He's got impressive speed and skill, and, around here, that can make all the difference. Unfortunately. One of the snobbier aspects of my personality. As though getting an education suddenly just didn't matter to him anymore. Ya know, to let him know I care. Seriously, if you want Robert's polar opposite, Eddie is definitely your man. Don't ask me how. Eddie indulged my failed attempts, mostly because I was more of an amusing toy to him than anything else. And thus the cycle continues. A gift or a curse? He was well aware of that fact. He'd just find somewhere else to sit, smiling all the while. Who wants to beat up on guy simply because he seems to be cheerful while testing his skill of how well he can grate your nerves? A messy accountant gone rogue, perhaps? I find it kind of creepy, even if it was a move of convenience. Though Eddie did, Robert wouldn't exactly make it a point of loafing about the living room without a reason. Criminal number three. Why? Yep, still haven't the slightest why he loathes me so much. I grew up with them, what would one expect? ) I simply, for all official purposes, don't exist. Nah. It was a dog, of all things, that saved my sanity. No comments necessary for the fact that I was named after a dog named after Daniel Boone. Chapter 1! So Georgia checked herself out of the hospital, went to their apartment, packed up as much of her stuff as she could in fifteen minutes and bolted out of that place for home. Well, she'd get home when she got home. She rolled it down. Her father had told her that Alex had become a cop while she was at school. Georgia hoped she didn't look at off her rocker as she felt. He coughed, his body sore. She took a breath before stepping towards him. Pete held him down, his hands pushing on his shoulders. And he would be damned if he didn't have her. It's usually an alright trip. We pass the alley and glance in simultaneously. He's got his arms crossed and when he sees us staring he suddenly looks pissed off. Now that there's nobody to do that, though, she's being a bit of a douche because she hasn't got anybody to obsess over. She even went behind our parent's back to get four tattoos and a belly button ring. Sisterly love ends somewhere. I think it's a burden to explain. Judging by the onslaught of critical whispers I get when I wake up, I can assume that Bella didn't listen to me and woke up early to get something private done. I only drive in when Mom can't take Percy to school. They hate Bella and I know they're always asking Emily how hellish it is to be in the same house with her. She always has. A fat boy with hairy arms and gelled up hair is picking up my things and babbling apologies in a nasal, girlish voice. I add quickly. She picks on everybody, and isn't subtle, not one bit. It's stupid. Bella shudders because her fear of fat people will make this a bad combination. He puts his things down beside me and gives me a curt nod that doesn't affect the displeasure on his face. Whenever Ms. Bloom starts to get bitter and goes off topic, complaining to us about her husband or the principal, I look at Derek and see him biting his lip and clenching his fist. It's her way of keeping us out of her hair. I think he might because his eyebrows are black and his eyelashes don't seem to be red, either. When I've got them on, though, Derek is still staring. Step one – complete. Holding my breath. I start praying inside, over and over, saying the Our Father. I ran from the Physics lab, leaving Derek alone at our desk while most of the room was just beginning to pack up and held my breath until lunch, when Emily found me lingering by a water fountain. The group at the table that Derek had been standing on watch him until a soft hum of chatter grows and they can start gossiping about him peacefully, along with everyone else. Oh, God. Bella giggles shrilly. He shook his head and ripped his eyes from the two men. Aidan was tossed back and shoved into the wall. Aidan crossed the street and made his way over to the man. Aidan frowned and screwed his eyes shut before looking back up at him. He asked and Aidan felt the world shiver and he stumbled on his feet. He had to look up to make eye contact with the man. Aidan began to feel emotional and he felt a stab in his chest when thinking about Travis. He said through his drunken haze. The strangers face swam together, but Aidan could see him throw his cigarette to the ground and stamp on it. He tore it open and began to take off his pants. This wasn't Travis. Aidan felt a large hand pet his hair to the side. He hadn't felt this bad since…. He couldn't even remember getting home last night, he didn't know how he could have dressed himself so well. He looked at it and his stomach sank when he saw the condom wrapper. Chris usually pulled him away when he went off on tangents about his old lover, but apparently last night, Aidan had been on his own. Aidan didn't wear cologne. I have three chapters written so far, so review review review and I will update lol. But it will definitely be a D/s story. Personally, Rani thinks it should be excised from the English language altogether, but there are dozens of other languages too. This is Danny - the best friend/next door neighbor. I am now in the process of taking down this one-shot. Thanks. ! The two couples had been high school sweethearts. All boys, poor Debbie right? Ever since we were little children I'd grown to dislike him. It's far too painful to talk about. You can't hate somebody no matter how much you want to. So, there I was standing in the freezing cold with my family outside his door waiting for the next six or so hours to miraculously fly by. She laughed and took the bags off them. It confuses me as well as Stacy, the best friend I mentioned earlier. My parents, brothers and sister followed Debbie to the kitchen. He was twenty-five and still a child. I squealed and hugged her. I faked a sob and patted my eyes. Jake blushed. I leaned against the doorframe and sighed happily. Why would I be jealous? I tilted my head to the side and saw Colin looking at me with a small frown. I snorted. I walked to Nick's room and knocked on the door. I was leaning against the wall opposite his door. Nick slung an arm around my shoulders and we walked to the stairs. My parents and their parents were already set with the couples; me and Colin and Nancy and Nick. My little brothers were glued to the TV while Sam and Jake were already talking about bachelor parties. I wagged my eyebrows at Nick who again blushed. she said with a glint in her eye. My dad just looked at the guys. Nancy and I exchanged glances and nodded. she whispered the last word. I picked up a cushion and started hitting Nancy with hit. Really. Yes Colin, Mr I'm-a-bad-arse-macho-masculine-no-feelings-showing guy had a guilty pleasure of watching The Sound of Music. I looked around to see if anyone else had just heard or witnessed what I had but everyone seemed to be engrossed in their own conversations. I fidgeted on my chair. I don't know what made me build up the courage to do that but I did and was I damned happy about that. They all, save Joe and Kyle, looked back at us with innocent looks on their faces. Pure evil. He was wearing his famous arrogant smirk that had won over many girls at our school. I glared at him and crossed my arms. I just smiled at him sweetly and focused my attention on the screen. Both of us were content like that. I was sure that that wasn't good for my body. I told myself. My heart had, thankfully, gone back to its normal beating pace. My brain was gooey, I was weak at the knees and my heart was back to beating erratically. He stared at me for a long while before answering. I swallowed. My hand was still on his cheek and hand was still on my neck. It made me think who's to say I won't be like one of those girls? Even though my mind was screaming at me to look away, forget about what just happened and walk quickly back to the TV room, I couldn't. I looked at him surprised for a moment but a smile slowly spread on my face. Ironic, no? I think we were there for quite a while because a search party was sent to look for us; our brothers and my sister. They looked a little awkward seeing their sister/practical-sister kissing the life out of someone, even if that someone was my soul mate. When our mothers saw us locked in lips, which was a little embarrassing, there was another round of tears. I said in a deadly voice and Colin did just that. I know I did! He's always in old, dark clothes and torn sneakers and never carries anything with him so I know he doesn't go to university and doesn't have a job, but I doubt he even cares. It breaks my heart, as I stand there before the fleeting grey of the vanishing train. Then he pockets the doll and I see his chest rise and fall in a shaky sigh and he lifts his hand to his face and rubs his eyes. I can tell he doesn't smile often because when she leaves, it's gone and he turns his head away. When the fresh air hits me and I finally spin around to see him bite into my cupcake, I feel laughter escaping my lips as his face scrunches at the sweetness of the icing. I find myself thinking about our next meeting and being in the stare of his blue eyes every other day and I can barely sleep on Wednesday nights when I know that he'll be there in only a few hours time. Currents of colours surge across the window as the train moves from station to station to station and when it reaches my stop, I bend down and pick up my handbag and when I stand up, I see him. He tells me he's got a job and has moved out of the house into his own apartment and asks me if I want to grab breakfast with him because he thinks he wants me with him forever. :D It's very different from my other story, but *shrug*, OH WELL. OKAY, so I hope you like it so please review because it'll be much appreciated. the characters. I gasped as I hit the hard wooden floor. As far as I knew the schooling was known to be the best. No family at all. Miss Mar finally agreed, but said that I would have to equally earn my stay. Most of the time he would simply vent his anger out on me. ! They would just tell me to get out, or literally kick me out. If he didn't hear me, I was free to move on to my other chores! I opened the door to find him sitting on his bed reading a heavy thick book. But I could tell that he knew he was getting to me. My heart was pounding like a great drum. I dropped the basket of dirty clothes and headed for the door. He smiled,  I was actually going to repeat them but he cut me off before I could speak. I inwardly kick myself for letting him instill so much fear into me and having as much power over me as he did. I swear one day I will kill him! My feet hurt, my arms felt heavy, and I was going to collapse any moment now. Unfortunately, my prayers weren't answered because my so-called best friend, Addy, stalked across the little boutique and hauled me to the evening wear section. I answered. Cue sarcastic whoopee. Just you wait and see how frantic she gets with an hour left to go. It sure wouldn't be a first. I mean it is a big house. I made a dash for the kitchen but then I heard my mother's voice carry through the house. So less than thirty seconds later I huffed to get more air into my lungs, which made an incredibly loud sound that made my mother shriek. Thank you very much. Two hours later I was ready, and heard the doorbell ring from downstairs. I could have bought three pairs of converse with that amount of money. It turned more into a scarlet colour when I heard a laugh come from a couple feet in front of me. But most of all, I hated how badly I fell for him. And I'm positive my feelings for him will go away sometime. Never had I imagined through all the social gatherings our mothers made us attend, or through all the years of the prestigious prep school we attended together, or through all the bickering we did that he would make me feel this way. And that's exactly why I would never be in Jayden's league. She must really, really, really, like Brandon. Good, there was nothing for Addy to be worried about so it would be alright if I left. This didn't really help with my plan to try and get rid of all feelings of him. See, she didn't need me. It's not like you're going to be the one to get your hopes up only to have the guy you secretly like dance with another girl right after. And I was just another one of them. There was still a little bit of room between us, but it was the closest I have ever been to Jayden without trying to hurt him and I felt a funny feeling rise inside me. I rolled my eyes at her and continued to sway with Jayden. I was never able to do it with any of my former boyfriends; they were never tall enough for it. I felt comfortable, my eyelids fluttered closed and I smiled despite myself. I stopped thinking about anything, worried only about the present, the here and now. This would have been the perfect time to have an excuse to smack his head, or punch him in the gut, or better yet; knee him in the groin. It wasn't until then that I noticed my eyes were wet. Apparently not. It was unrequited love at it's best. I couldn't let him see me like this. Besides, the warmth from his arm seeped through me and no matter how much I knew this wasn't good at the moment, I didn't have the heart to shove it off. I kept my head in my hands though, I didn't want to look at his face and possibly start crying again. I never truly liked Jeff that much anyway. I said. I could not believe that I had told him that. I answered. But something in me kept wanting to let it all out after keeping it in for so long. But here I was, proclaiming my feelings for my arch nemesis. he breathed out wistfully. I knew he didn't like me, but it was something completely different to actually hear it come out of his mouth. I couldn't really think straight at the moment. That's exactly why I didn't stand a chance. I suddenly felt very jealous of this girl. His arms around my waist tightened and he tore his lips away and pressed them against my neck. I smiled back sheepishly at him. Let's cross our fingers and hope, haha. I yawned and waved at him. What do you want"? Go play your games. I shivered. I sighed. Burmese Mountain dog"? He nodded. Tell me! I probably would have slept in later, had I not a job interview this morning. Winter isn't particularly my favourite season… I can't wait until Summer comes around again. Lucky girl, she gets to spend her winter in the city of love… (is Paris supposed to be the city of love? ) as I think of my twenty-one year old next door neighbour. The other reason I should stay clear of him would be because I have a nice, steady boyfriend. I mean, he can probably get loads of girls and he chose me. Rushing back to my bedroom, I get changed into what I hope is something smart for a job interview. Has he just come back home? He has been living here longer than we have and was actually the one who told Shantay and I about the apartment when it was free. Daniel cocks an eyebrow up at me. He stares at me, a smile tugging at the corner of his lips. His lips are currently pulled up into a amused smirk. I stare at him blankly. I've only been looking forward to it for the past week or so. he mutters, arms crossed as leans back carelessly against the doorframe. Everyone else thinks that Barry is a complete god-sent angel. Right now, I'm hopelessly lost and only have ten minutes to get to where I want to be. Make that I try to start up the car again. Smiling briefly, I waste no time pulling out a small business card and dialing in the number written onto it. So, what now? Surely there must be a pay phone around here somewhere? I should probably ring up about my interview, shouldn't I? I've been to Barry's work a couple of times, so his boss knows me. His roommate answers. Maybe Barry simply meant that he was going to spend the day preparing something for his girl… maybe his roommate misheard? Is he going to pick up? I ask, sounding uncertain at the tone in his voice, did I disturb him in the middle of something important? I know that Barry has the day off university like me, so it can't be another student… could it? There's another struggle and Barry is back on. Esther works part time as waitress in a nearby café, I've probably known for as long as I have Shantay. Crap, I had forgotten that he works with Esther at the café. If he had just been where he was supposed to be, then I wouldn't have had to waste all that money trying to figure out what he was up to. Well, up to that point, everything seemed to be working out. Mum isn't going to be too happy. I don't think so. Well, I don't know about him… but I'm certainly not. I don't get to relax for very long before the phone starts ringing. As expected, she's very sympathetic. Damn. Pulling it open, I walk a couple steps to next door and knock on the door. I think a nice, long soothing and relaxing bath sounds good. Another reason why I can't wait for summer. I mean, of course I was shocked and naturally angry… but I've already just accepted it right now. I prefer to go for the action and adventure stories myself. My stomach starts growling. Empty. Yep, definitely not going out for a walk now. Instead, I'm at home alone in my apartment with absolutely nothing to eat. Stupid storm. Once I finally find it, I flick it on. Replacing the torch back into the cupboard, I slam the doors shut. Maybe he'll have some candles or torches for me to use…? Knocking on his door (at least on what I hope is his door… how embarrassing if it isn't), I wait for it to open. Before long, the door opens and I could just make out Daniel's lean frame in the doorway. I'm going to need some sort of light, and Daniel might be able to provide me with some. It's still slightly damp from my bath. Daniel shuts the door and starts moving around the apartment. Who knew one guy could have so many damn candles? About what? He seems to notice this sudden change, and grins slyly at me. Why the hell hadn't he given me any massages before this? I close my eyes and relax to his touch as it travels even further down to my lower back. Stupid Barry… he never did anything like that to relax me. How dare he just stop like that! I am so tempted to lean over and just kiss him. Daniel grins at me. I make a half-hearted struggle to get up, as his other arm snakes around my waist. He tilts his head on the side, looking amused. I can't believe I even had to think about it. I watch him as he clears things away. Maybe I'm simply on the rebound, looking for someone to replace Barry? Who knows what would have happened had he not stopped his massage? However, it doesn't last for very long, and he pulls back slightly. To my surprise, he laughs slightly. I raise an eyebrow, my other hand reaching up around his neck as well. I don't bother replying, but pull him closer until our noses are just touching. Hard. I sit up so that I'm straddling him, and fix him with an impertinent glare. I ask sweetly. Oh, shit. In the end, I decide to try and sneak back to my apartment before he wakes up. The floorboards only make the apartment colder! Well, there goes my plan of sneaking out of his apartment. I can barely understand what I asked, but apparently Daniel can. Plain, ordinary Samantha Tyler? He listens intently to the person on the other end for a minute or two before laughing. Confused, I take the phone. I poke out my tongue at him and he grins. How juvenile was his tantrum? Or had it? No, that was no serial killer. We only barely clipped the curb. I thought so too. I froze. ). . Four months and thirteen days, I found myself choosing between love and hate, family and friends, right and wrong. I hated listening to all of this; it simply brought back to many unwanted memories. Five months later, I received that dreaded message from one of his superiors. No one can ever replace him. All I knew was that I had lost my father to an improvised explosive device, killing all six people in the Humvee. I was just another citizen. But then, ironically, after filing for divorce, we discovered that the reason she had given up custody of my older brother Patrick and I was because she wanted to pursue an on-field job in Afghanistan with the New York Times. I, unfortunately, was then left to endure my senior year by myself, with no support system. someone for me to share some memories with me. I declined admission to Princeton and instead, enrolled in the local community college. I was determined to make the most of the year, enjoying it with my friends instead of insisting on spending nights in. As I made my way to the other side of my car, I heard some rustling from the trees next to my driveway. I rubbed my eyes, and looked back up, only to see he hadn't moved. He laughed, tilting my face up so that he could inspect me from both angles. But when it came down to trying to hide it in the presence of an armed, and potentially dangerous, man, I didn't know how successful I could possibly be. An unfamiliar man was towering over me, his dark eyes glaring down at me, both physically and mentally pinning me down. His hold merely tightened and I thought he was about to throw me to the ground and pound my face into the pavement until another voice interrupted our stare-fest. An older man, approximately in his mid-fifties came into view, a stoic look plastered on his face. I looked down at my car and gestured with my thumb towards the general direction of my community college. I quietly unlocked the door and made my way into the kitchen. Only when the front door slammed shut did I dare to venture out into the now bustling room. I leaned against the door frame as he unzipped it quickly. He said to no one in particular, until I saw the older man who had saved my life earlier, appear next to him. If there was anything I didn't want to do, it would be to piss off this extraordinarily violent man who was probably going through his mid-life crisis at this very moment. I might only be twenty years old, but I wasn't stupid. I will however, keep the same plotline, and the last 3 chapters will be essentially the same, give or take some grammatical and political corrections. This was because Jason had memorized Drew's work schedule. Nothing triggering. And I couldn't write a character like that without totally making them into a major sleazy creep. represents someone not speaking or  being sort of open mouthed exasperation/awkwardness deal. In fact, he had delivered a pizza to Jason's place every day he had worked for the past week. ' was mentally amended a few moments later for a measure of common courtesy. Mostly, he wondered how the man ate so much and still managed to remain so fit. Drew did not pick up on such subtleties of emotions, even his own. Andrew dearly hoped it was in disgust because this guy was a real sleazy creep. Yeah. So, I enjoy my work. I still shudder when I recall them. Everybody thinks. Yeah. Ever. Him, or his ugly face. . But I guess not. . But slowly, I sat on a swing and cried. . And they stepped on that trust like a cockroach. ? Drama Queen. I sat under a tree. It wasn't Hayden. Not to mention the football team's Quarterback. he said, before sitting down next to me. ! . RUN AWAY, SETH, RUN AWAY! And those dark hazel eyes, that were looking right back at me. Really messy. . . . ? NOOOOO! . I think. ! he called. How cute! Crap. . Lets go in the Inn! . It looked like he was amused. . And in all of them, we sat next to each other and talked. It made me happy. . . I should've seen that one coming. Yeah right. I hug her and say goodbye. There are tears in her eyes, and I try to act like I'm also sad to be separating from my caretaker of the past fifteen years. What better way is there to spend sophomore year? Although I have to admit, I think it's going to be kind of nice, not having to pick out my outfit every day. Of course. Haley's the first one to break the silence. I'm confused. Bill's kind of creepy, in my opinion, but he's Haley's favorite. Needless to say, Haley is now my best friend, us having bonded over a mutual love of everything True Blood and a hatred of everything Twilight. The rest of the buildings are reserved for the importance of learning. I certainly do. I know, it's a bad habit, but I can't help that I'm a tad shy. Just as I am standing up, a very heavy something knocks into me, sending me flying into the hard floor. Anyway, this guy looks exactly like William Thatcher. Haley's standing nearby, watching me with a pitied look. I turn to Haley again as we enter the dorm building. I may only be 5'4. It should be interesting to have an arch enemy. Thanks! One day, she realized she no longer had the overwhelming urge to crack him over the head with an Erlenmeyer flask, and they started becoming friends. Homo sapiens provided an easy source of food, not to mention endless entertainment, if they could understand it. She smiled, almost shyly, and stood on her tiptoes to kiss him. Mostly she remembered slipping away from her nanny at a party and sneaking up behind her parents, her beautiful, smiling parents, as they talked with another couple about how if they could relive the last seven years, they wouldn't have children. She didn't know why, and the not-knowing left an uncomfortable disconnect in her mind. She knew she did not qualify on that front. 2 pencils, and him sitting at his desk, looking vaguely amused at her confusion. That was twice in the space of two minutes, an unpleasantly equal ratio. It soothed her to find a tiny bit of logic to which she could cling. Cin had brown hair, flat blue eyes, smallish hands, and was precisely five feet and four inches tall, matching the national average. She clapped a hand over her mouth. She could smell the faint tang of cologne from his shirt, something sharp like pine, and it was wreaking havoc on her intelligibility. How was that possible? How could five words crack her world? She heard the hairline crack in her voice and cleared her throat. Cin nodded. Cin exhaled, twisted the tail of her French braid around her index finger, and pulled it. Her mind looked at the last five minutes, shrugged, and handed the reins over to her feelings, and they made decisions without hesitation. Eyes closed, she traced her fingers along his jaw and into his hair, short and soft like duckling fuzz. She realized she still had a hand in his hair, and felt no inclination to move it. She bumped him with her shoulder. "Fine, Al. She looked around. Baby, I'm pregnant. . All he did was whisper comforts in her ear, soothing her aching heart and sobs, before all were left were hiccups. She was still close up to him, her ear right above where his heart was beating steadily. him. She tried to forget the way he looked at the other girl. Her eyes burned with tears but she refused to let them fall. She was herself again. . He rolled his eyes and caught her by the wrist just as she passed by him. She rolled her eyes and bristled. . she demanded. he deadpanned. . she urged, laughing some more. Getting over his shock, he laughed with her and hugged her back just as tightly. He watched her walk away, a shadow of a smile on his face when he heard her humming. . She raised an eyebrow. Aelyn ducked her head and blushed. He said nothing. He looked at Kevin and saw him smiling back at her, genuine happiness in his eyes. He felt his cheeks go warm but he covered it up with a scowl. . . It had been five years since they graduated from high school. He automatically put his arms around her and pulled her close. Her lips quivered. he grinned his rare grin, knowing that his words comforted her. she asked hopefully, grinning brightly; knowing that he wouldn't say no. . But he's forcing me to go. Love Richard Duval, I mean. a certain someone who I planned on never seeing again. Our relationship was getting out of control, so I just put an end to it before things got really messy. Richard just calls me Izzy when he's trying to joke around with me, which is quite often. He's boring, as in his idea of a wild night is not reading his organic chemistry textbook like he does every other night and watching a horror movie. It should really be illegal to have a vehicle that's such a menace to the well-being of our environment. I know, because in the fourth grade, Bradley Hanson wrote our names in the mud with a '4eva' and we broke up after three days. I pointed out that that would be a perfect time for super speed). ) and you never have to buy more of him. Pantene really is quite amazing. Yeah, I can be annoying like that. Either that or he has it out for me. I thought I was your little girl) and just as we set down the last of the plates, the doorbell rings and Will is standing at the door. He sits (incidentally directly across from me so now I can't look up without impersonating the fire hydrant outside that Lance loves pissing on) while Carol dumps spaghetti onto his plate. At least they would have had something to talk about. Uh, no thank you. So, I'm evading the issue now. I don't like him anymore. God, couldn't he have wanted to talk about, I don't know, the weather or something bland like that? When we were going out, Will had to assure me, for like twenty minutes straight, that he was not into incest and that he wouldn't date his second cousin just because he could have a competitive game of basketball with her (unlike me, where I usually just started running around with the ball so that Will couldn't score anymore). He's forcing me to evade the situation, and when I evade things, my brain just stops thinking and goes into auto pilot, aka irritatingly sarcastic and rude. Really, I don't. And my brain, even the auto pilot part, just sort of fizzles out when I touch him. Oh, wait, I think he's looking at my lips. he says, his voice low and raw. And then his tongue is in my mouth, and I don't like it. ), and I'm kissing my ex-boyfriend, and I'm loving the feeling of his tongue in my mouth. The noise brings me back to reality, so I yank my fingers from his hair and shove hard against his chest. Great, there's dead dog all over the floor! God, Carol is so weird. Will quickly pulls himself up and sits on the couch, while I keep moving my feet around to spread out the remaining ashes as Carol walks in. She didn't even turn around, because she knew it was me! Just so you know. I turn and walk out the door, and begin jogging lightly. He had just better keep his stupid lips to himself. Or him, rather. Or maybe he went mental because the voices in his head told him to cut open his girlfriend and eat her innards. I don't want Will to think I love a know-it-all loser (who can be kind of sweet at times, albeit a little pushy) like his cousin! If I hear that he killed himself and I know that I could have stopped it, well then I just might go and kill myself. Be brave, and save this man's life! I hope he didn't notice. ! ! It's only my ex-boyfriend, Will Brady. But I kind of want to because it would be a whole lot easier than dealing with him. No one, that's who. It is partly his fault, anyway). Damn it. I probably would have been better off with a psycho who eats the innards of his prey. I never even said that I loved him. Perhaps I can plead insanity. What else can he be getting out of his pocket? Even though I'm not. ! Ever. She told me that she was so happy for me; that Will was changing me into a mature, young lady in love; that I had changed so much already because of Will, and I hadn't even realized it. But there was this one time when we were at second base and I totally thought he was going to take off my shirt and see that adorable kitty looking up at him, but then he just looked at me sweetly and went 'I love you so much,' and we just started snuggling after that). I still am, I realize, as I recall Will's haunting words. What a jerk! I'm about to sneer back – a natural reflex – when I notice the pretty redhead holding his hand. He's allowed to kiss other girls. ? Besides, why should I care about what he does with his slutty lips? This is not your bedroom, Will. I'll bet it's already a minute and a half. he whispers. Maybe it'll teach him a lesson. he whispers, pulling away. Just sneers and dirty looks and disheartening scowls. because well, I can't imagine him being with anyone but me. My cousin tried it one time on her boyfriend and he asked her if she was going to throw up and started slowly backing away. I'm not pathetic. Obviously not Will). I'm not sure what I want, actually, but I definitely don't want life story of Little Red, and how he fell for her and her stupid red hair. I really need to work on my comebacks. Or burn it. I'd have been better off throwing him a few lines from Dr. Seuss or something. He's going to use that thing as blackmail. And I don't stop for a good ten minutes – at the least. Especially when you're crying all over your ex-boyfriend (and his clean, nice-smelling shirt) – who you turned into a kiss-whore – and you just admitted that you love him, when you know that he loves a short redhead who grabs his butt while kissing. He probably wanted to sneak in another kiss from me before he became a one-pair-of-lips kind of man, but then I figured him out, so now he realizes he can't. ), so now I've got to wait. Not as good as my first, in my opinion, but the perfectionist in me wouldn't let this story go unfinished. I may as well have been dead. Nevertheless, at Christmas, nothing could dampen my spirit, not even the cold winter season, which I disliked. They looked at me as if I had turned into a green-skinned, saliva-spitting alien. For the next few weeks, I kept my apathy to myself, while the others decorated, shopped, and had a good old time. It was held every year, on December 22nd, and it was always a semi-formal party at some sort of beeeaaauitful banquet hall, with dancing, singing, drinking, and everything! I seriously didn't. Personally, I preferred the latter, since I made up that one. Yes, I could definitely see why girls went crazy for him, but I was not what you would call a , meaning I was not the type who would jump him, just because his green eyes were . I think. I looked at Aaron, who was trying not to laugh. My throat had dried up too much. Ew. I knew I couldn't count on either of them to get me out of this mess. I stubbed my toe here! Besides, we were at a freakin' party. Almost. Technically that was a move. The guy was unbelievable. Straight to my ass. His hands had not left. Cole looked like his face was carved from stone. I rolled my eyes and looked away. Fred was seated somewhere very far, thank God. The first time someone explained that to me, I burst out laughing. It wasn't surprising that only young, single men were bidding for the first mistletoe. I gaped openly, screaming in my head, WON'T HE EVER LEARN? I shouldn't have listened to what he was saying on the phone, but it proved to irresistible. They were friends. It can't be. Now that was loyalty. Maybe I still have a chance on the next one? All seven worked as a team, willing to give the mistletoe to the other, just as long as Fred was out of the game. Almost. Three mistletoes were left. He could throw forty in the trash and forget about it the next day. He could smooth talk his way out of committing arson if he set his mind into it. He caught my eye, and he misinterpreted my expression again. Wilson must have told Laurence to do it. I, on the other hand, rolled my eyes because I knew that these guys were single because they didn't want to be tied down to one girl. These guys had everything, so why should they settle with just one girl? I shuddered and looked away. said a deep voice. He was returning Cole's gaze, though instead of wearing an icy expression like Cole, he wore a complacent smirk. It was probably because of the look those eyes sent. So who was he? Apparently they knew exactly what was going on, though they were the only ones. Everyone must have been holding their breaths. His eyes were burning as they watched the Stranger walk smugly to the stage and take the mistletoe. Their faces had hardened to the point where even the MC could see from the stage. Thus almost every female who came to the party went home in a sour mood. When I was walking back to my table, I think I halted and froze completely when I saw it. The accompanied gift wasn't there; hence I didn't know who it came from. The Stranger—I still didn't catch his name—was nowhere in sight. That was just perfect. With trembling fingers, I pulled it out and read. But why would he give me mistletoe? When he caught sight of my shoes, he looked up and gave me a questioning look. Really, he was taking too long. I thought I was going to go crazy. I more like said it to the floor. I now had to face the consequences. I was now regretting my father's choice of location for our house. I hugged my leftover lunch to my stomach and turned, running in the direction I knew my house lay in, but… I never made it. I was in deep trouble and I knew it. I was scared, but tried to hide it. I knew nothing good would come of this, but I was going to try to get out of it in any way I could. My brother was going to kill me, if this brute didn't do it first. I started shivering and the guy seemed to finally take notice. The man yelled, getting to his feet. I could beat even the fastest guy in a foot race. I gasped, knowing what he was immediately. I was freezing, tired, and wanted to get home, but that was not to be. Eventually he stopped, once he had fulfilled his lustful desires and had gotten off. I didn't move, hoping and praying he would forget it was there and would leave. He loaded the gun once more and shot, but it was too late. The last thing I heard was my brother's voice calling my name. I found some old rags and dipped them in ice water. Maybe there was a way out of this. I watched in horror as his body became bigger and then snapped and popped as it changed into his new wolf form. I reached back and scooted myself up against the wall until I was standing. I buried my face in his chest and started crying. It's supposed to be all in past, so if you see anything in present, please tell me ;) thanks guys! She sighed. She even understood them. It wasn't very long. In someone else's bed. He stopped and took a step back. . in the adult section, if you know what I mean. In the porno section of the local video store. I just gagged myself. In fact, it was so low that I had to lean in closer just to hear him. So, being the good Video Planet employee that I am, I once again got down onto my hands and knees and started looking under the shelves. Sweat dotted his hairline and the tips of his ears and cheeks were still flushed so adorably I decided to take pity on him. Looking beyond horrified, he nodded just once and muttered a low  under his breath. The small sound echoed in the quiet silence of the store, but I continued to be a professional and wordlessly scanned the bar code on the back. He mumbled the last part, but I still caught it and flashed him a quick grin. Hell, even I don't know how I was so confident that moment. The car immediately came to life and I watched the scene before me with a smile. With twenty minutes to spare before the first bell, I burst into my first period classroom and spotted my best friend sitting casually in her seat, flipping through the latest Cosmo. Wow, anyone have a muzzle right about now? not that I'm the most social person in the world and he's at the complete bottom of the social ladder, but you know what I mean. Not overly bulky with muscles, but not to the point where he was a stick figure. Am I rambling now? I started to bend over towards my backpack for the necessary books when I noticed an article lying innocently on my desk. Amanda laughed softly to herself as the paper ball made contact with the side of her head. We created our Monster Monday Food Fests back in the 6th grade when we decided we clearly could not survive the rest of the week of school without stuffing ourselves with every food imaginable at the start of the week. Taking a couple of steps back, I hid behind the canned Spam and put a hand up to my racing chest and decided to just play it cool. . He turning around to face the intruder, who just so happened to be me, with his eyes wide and one hand still rubbing the back of his head. I was delighted to see he had gone bright red in a matter of seconds, though not because I'm sadistic or anything, and I eyed the package in his hands warily. His rosy cheeks immediately brought a smile to my face and I stared dumbly at him for a moment. He started walking backwards up the aisle again, still staring at me, and I watched him back until he finally had to turn around upon reaching the corner near the registers. Of course, if anyone asked, I obviously wouldn't admit that I was upset, but to those that really knew me, like Amanda, it was as plain as day. I highly doubt she actually believes me, but she does like to humor me, which is why I was waiting for her to arrive so that she'd take me out to dinner at a surprise location. She made a grunt of approval and nodded her head, fully understanding my hyper ice cream moods. I looked towards the restaurant sign and laughed loudly when I saw the flashy  sign. I asked him, which snapped him out of his intense stare. His stuttering and blushing was proof of that and it made me more confident at having the upper hand. His eyes were immediately drawn to my own chest before he broke off his stare and looked back up into my eyes, all the while shaking his head side to side emphatically. He wordlessly followed after me and slid into the booth seat after me, still shaking his head 'no. Instead, I diverted my attention to everyone else and was busy listening in on the conversation between Amanda, Travis, Dylan, and Greg, when I heard a whisper near my left ear. One that must've been very similar to my own just a few minutes beforehand. Our bodies were pressed right up against each other, yet he still wouldn't scoot out. He's supposed to be the tortured one standing in front of the mirror in the boys' bathroom right about now, while I laugh to myself back in the booth with everyone else. We both sighed in frustration when we saw the rainfall we were right about to step into, but continued on anyway since there was no other way home. I unlocked my arms from around myself and started crossing the street, Mattie a couple of feet ahead of me. . he mumbled senselessly to himself and it brought my delighted grin back to my face, and I stood there letting him indulge in his little peep show. I couldn't help but let out a loud laugh at his obvious uncomfortable manner, and ran to catch up with him, checking him lightly with my shoulder to let him know I was just playing around. Alarmed at the sudden, unexpected contact, I moved away subtly and hoped that he wouldn't notice that his hands always managed to make me blush. He chuckled at my expense and tightened his grip, while I purposely avoided his eye contact. So instead of saying anything intelligent, my tongue darted out to quickly wet my lips— a habit of mine that always happened when I was extremely nervous and uncomfortable. Judging by the way his arms tightened around me, he didn't mind one bit. I could feel his lips turn up into a smile as he felt just how warm my cheeks were. All I wanted in that moment was his delicious looking mouth up against my own again. My fingers unconsciously ran through the tight curls at the base of his neck, and I nipped at his bottom lip softly before I pulled away and started trailing light kisses along his jaw line and finally ended at the crook of his neck. THANKS ALL! Who needs to be an academia nut or a sporty jock when you've got a cute smile like mine? It'll be years before I can admit that we were related. There was no way I could be a homosexual. I swear to all the Gods out there, I will marry that girl one day. Didn't anybody tell this girl about the existence of nail clippers? Given the opportunity, sex feels too good to pass up. I quickly looked away. I gagged on my saliva. Maybe I wasn't doing it right. Damn Howard and his fat mouth. Not that any teacher wouldn't be able to recognize any of us by now but it was an easier method to remember who was in their class. Who needs 'em? My fan base was depleting already. If he thinks he can get closer to Chloe through me, he's got a prayer. God I hate him so much. What a jackass. Arrogant bastard. And the polo guys thinks that I'm gay. That was definitely really weird. Why is the universe punishing me? The bell rang for first period and I kicked back from the chair and rushed out to my locker before Lachlan could follow and tell me how good I smelled again. Really, it's a bit pathetic. He took the timetable from my hand and glanced at my first period. I'm outta here. I just have this constant urge to bully him, do anything that would just wipe that darn smile off his face. He was so thin he was practically skin and bones. So even though it was my fence in my yard, he had every right to be there. He definitely had talent. Then abruptly, as though we hadn't been talking at all, he walked away quickly. He yawned widely. Let's just say his athleticism may have caused him to lose some brain cells. It was through him that word had spread throughout the school of my hobby. But Trista tended to be shy and quiet until she got to know people better, so perhaps I couldn't completely blame them. Nothing too special. I put my elbows on the table and ran my hands through my hair, sighing a little at the same time. she said as she whizzed by both of us. Or maybe he just didn't want to be near people who had staring contests with neighborhood cats. I didn't think I had any other choice in the matter. Josh gave me another look before turning abruptly to leave. Thanks for reading! He raised a brow. He fought back a smile. I hate cocky athletes, she thought to herself. Lizzie stared at him while he moved. No, this is actually a very large table. Your arrogance is not needed here. He got off the table to stand up. Mr. Jacobson, I'm tired of this game. Lizzie rolled her eyes and moved to stand next to him. Thirty minutes later, she stopped. Lizzie blushed. "How about I give you a massage? She said, getting her voice back. He towered over her. "You don't need to know. "Ten pounds? Lizzie explained what to do and watched as he tried to do it. They were eye level now that he was sitting. "Nothing's wrong. "All right then. I won't be like what that other guy was. Her eyes were hurt. He'd kick his ass. The girl asked, cautious". She sighed. Good or bad. Is she going to be his first challenge, or will she fall head over heels just like all the other girls? Ariel had previously lived in the south east, in South Carolina, and rarely had time to travel in her busy and hectic life. Her entire schooling in education took about seven years. She was witty with a sharp tongue, and nobody wanted to mess with her. he said defensively. The classroom consisted of thirty-something desks and a grand desk in the front which held papers, pens, notebooks, textbooks, and a new Mac laptop that connected to the new projector which faced the wall where the SmartBoard was mounted. When she was eight years old—and in the fifth grade—she had successfully completed all of the books in her home and begged her mother to go out and buy her new ones. She knew that the fresh, filtered water that came from her shower head wasn't in any way, shape, or form similar to the water of…that night, but this water, the water that stared maliciously back up at her, was exactly the same kind of water that had threatened her years ago. And he had become instantly popular. And since the high school was such a small school—only two hundred and eighty-one students attended the high school—everybody knew each other and they were very comfortable getting into bed with one another. The brunette, whose name seemed to slip Layton's mind, was scowling at something. Layton just shook Allan's words off and tried not to think of them as he made his way to room 201A, the senior AP English classroom. Layton received his high marks for studying day by day right before his daily fuck with a random girl. Soon enough some of his more intelligent teammates from the basketball team walked in and situated themselves next to him and few of the cheerleaders who held themselves higher than everyone else because of their intellect also came and surrounded Layton. He was too used to old women who were either fat or way too skinny, so he couldn't picture anyone who taught a high school class to be anything more than nice-looking. Along with the rest of the class, he turned his attention to the door where he watched as a fine brunette entered wearing a green dress. She had nicely shaped breasts that curved into a petite waist and then back out into nice hips—and probably a nice ass, but Layton wasn't too sure because he couldn't see her backside…yet. This new teacher had yet to even open her mouth—which Layton wanted somewhere else—and Layton was already going crazy. Teachers had to go through years of schooling before they could get a job like this, didn't they? Ariel tucked a ringlet of hair behind her ear and continued with the morning necessities. But then a boy with black hair and green eyes stood up with all the confidence in the world and said,  Layton finished, looking straight at Ariel. The right corner of his perfect heart-shaped lips was quirked up into the ideal smirk, just waiting for Ariel's response. Even though she had been two years younger than the rest of her classmates, she had physically matured early. she asked. Most girls he got into bed were always submissive—which he loved—but he never thought that he would ever like being told what to do and obeying. Naked. And that one woman was standing right in front of him. / One-Shot. Jack Richards also just saw me half-naked. That was actually last week. Stop. Cue my evil somewhat maniacal chuckle! The biggest problem was that his mum was my mum's best friend. Hah! The girls at school thought so too. but not me, of course. True fact. From the look in Jack's eyes and the way my mum's hands were clasped together, it was not a good thing. he said, smiling some more. My tone matched his for sincerity. What was this folly! Except not really. I asked bluntly. No where would be safe! It meant we would be in the same vicinity as each other day and night. not very nice. He waggled his eyebrows. It went downhill ever since. Yup! And no one would notice because I'd be super fast. Phew. This might just work! Safe! Oops. I got off his back and stepped back, in case he decided to swing at me or something – I had a mental image of Jack as King Kong, grabbing me and then dropping me from a tall building. I should treat Jack like I'd treat anybody else. Was he calling for a truce? I was grudgingly impressed. My mum motioned to my knife and fork. Right. Jack Richards with his dark hair and golden eyes easily had conversation flowing around him. Eleven years taught me self-preservation. Damn Jack and however he managed to do this. Robbie slept through anything and the guest bedroom was inhabited by dead-meat-in-four-hours. Almost. I took a few deep breaths. And then 4:30 AM. The only thing that had me controlled was the thought of having my hands on him. My freed right leg swung at his chest. I just needed a way for my feet to free my hands and mouth. I was shooting daggers and hoping they'd actually turn into real daggers and stab him in his naked chest. She decided she was going to do me a favour. His politeness grated on my nerves. Teeth grinding made falling asleep much harder. But I still couldn't fall asleep. And it was nonsense she was spilling out. Then maybe I could've returned to attempting sleep. I told that to Jem but she continued to wave me off. The tables around us stared. What was this? She was beyond that. She was trying to push these weird delusions on to me! Maybe I should recommend her to the school counsellor. Jem was one confusing girl. Right. It was humid and raining, the worst possible combination. School finished almost an hour ago but he stayed behind. I decided to ignore my traitorous friends. But there was another part of me who was still angry with him for what happened this morning. I was certainly not going to thank Jem later. We and everything we carried would be soaking wet by the time we reached my place. It'd all turn into papier-mâché by the time we reached home. I scowled. The last option was to brave the rain. It wasn't like I thought he was asking to hold my hand. I just stared at it blankly. He smiled, and it left me with a strange sensation. Folder or no folder, I was going to get wet. Just not in many, many years. I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of making fun of me; I was not going to look. He was probably listening to my room and laughing every time the song started playing. Sleep was definitely a good idea. She was nuts. I could see what was going through her head, and it was not something little kids and I should have to witness. It was just that every time she talked to me about Jack, I got strangely defensive. I was being ridiculous. I had some idea of what she wanted to ask. It usually wasn't me who was the source of her amusements. It was mostly confusion, and confusion and a jumble of feelings were always present when the topic was Jack Richards. I just needed to clear my head. I tried to let her realise that everything was back to normal, but it wasn't completely true. There was just nothing in them. Remembering Jack's antics were tiring. he said. I said, gently peeling his hands off my eyes. I said coolly, starting to make my way up the stairs again. He just scooped me up and swung me over his shoulders. It didn't change all the times he made me want to cry and every time I forced myself to resist. I fisted them up, hoping he wouldn't notice. I couldn't stop. The feeling inside me spread, and it was heavy and hurting and everything I wanted to disappear. The ends of his lips were slightly curved. He looked at me. I had to. I held them together and looked him in the eye. They left me alone after that. It just remained silent, the night slowly creeping on me with the increasing darkness. I closed my eyes and just took deep breaths to steady myself. Jem's breathing was even, and I knew what expression would be on her face at the moment. I couldn't say it. Not after I turned my back to him and walked away. He made me feel so many things at once and whatever it was that made me push him away the past few days was clawing at me. It was my mum. But I never cried. I relaxed in her embrace. he said, burying his head against me. I prized my own ability to refrain from waterworks. I gave him an annoyed look which cracked a smile from him. he said to me before carrying a squirming and giggling Robbie to his room. His door wasn't closed and Jack was stretched across his bed, an arm across his eyes. I was returning his clothes at eleven in the evening. It felt like I was intruding on his alone time. It was my decision to face him. It was how I treated him the past few days, the roles reversed. His bedroom wasn't the most convenient place to talk; it was his den and I was only the visitor. It came out awkward, expanding the tension between us. I could feel the beating of my heartbeat, feel the source of my fear and everything that made me hate myself. That part prayed for the easy route but Jack didn't stop me, and my feet continued to take me away from the light of his room. I was loved and being ridiculous and needed to take a gamble. Jack grabbed it and brought it to his lips. He looked down at me questioningly. He tried to kiss me again but I shook my head. I covered his mouth with my hand. I took a deep breath to steady myself. I had to catch my breath for a moment when his hold loosened. Then Jack rolled me over until he was on top of me, and he was staring down at me with so much intensity it was hard to look straight. My lips brushed his. I was smiling so much it was hurting my cheeks. He made me feel reckless and crazy. His eyes flew to my face, his arms trying to break free from the bounds. he said cheerfully. I replied just as cheerfully. Was it because I punched my sister in the arm this morning? You should know, after all; You made her that way. We're good to go. I was starting to feel slightly nauseous. Oh. He gets so weirded out by my frankness that he doesn't even notice when I have two, maybe three, periods a month. he said, sounding a bit breathless. right into the boy's locker room. When the doors opened, I was hit full force by the smell of eau du male. — and then he grinned. I mean, I didn't want to Matt Sparks naked anymore than Mr. Schafer wanted to hear about my period. Ugh. Or is he the incarnate of Chewbacca? 3) and sent me back to gym. I don't think I'd ever be able to face him again, if I did. ! At me. there's always the library. I could have kissed him. He noticed. I didn't think it was particularly funny, but all his friends burst into laughter. Mom said impatiently, grabbing her car keys. Great plan. The lines for the ladies' room is often longer than the lines in some movie theaters. I began, turning around. I managed finally. Matt said dryly. I'd heard some of the older boys calling her  Her eyes went to Matt and for a moment, she looked absolutely shocked. Or so I thought; until I remembered that see you later could be taken literally, as well as figuratively, since we were both going to be in detention that afternoon for voyeurism. "Dear, now that you have come of age. pointed the Queen,,   burst Cyrvil, face burning in anger. I certainly don't mind people telling me when I've made a mistake, but anything that heavily interferes with plot elements won't be corrected. Thank you all for your kind reviews! Nothing, at least, until today. I didn't realize I was leaning this way and that, craning my neck to get a better look at this not-so-ordinary new guy, until my girlfriend, Jennifer, began waving her hand in front of my face. I said again. I usually just sat at a table and read or studied until second period, anyway. Odd; before that morning, I'd never had any sort of premonition like that--about my future with Jennifer or anything else, for that matter. very friendly. She'd been my favorite faculty member since the ninth grade. . he said. she gushed. That's usually discouraged at school, but we always seemed to get away with it. she waved. He kind of made a squint and pointed to his eyes to tell me that Jack was blind, but I already knew. He walked off, leaving Jack and I alone. Lastly, he took off his sunglasses. And I couldn't stop staring. I asked. He turned around slowly. After scaling the entire pool just twice, he seemed to have its dimensions memorized, and was able to splash around without worrying about bumping his head or anything. he said on our way out. Is it the feeling you get because you realize that there's someone in this world who actually cares about you? And perhaps blog a little. Bad. Why should I? What the hell is going on? That's one of the most likely reasons that can manage to get under his skin and stay there. It's a change, and I don't think I'll ever get used to this. My other brother can tell that he's going to start to try to hit him again, and the following sound that came just smacked of pain. They'd probably be stuck on toilet duty for life, as well as get grounded for a long, long time. Jayden, standing on the living room carpet, his bottle-blue eyes boring into mine as he stares at me in uncomfortable silence. Weird. So naturally, I won't give a damn about him. Crap. Yet I can't help but squeeze in a couple of thoughts, like how Dad's going to come bursting into my room and tell me to lower the noise or get out. The picture of a prison cell came to mind and I get to work, drawing the outline of the cell. I insist, but he raises his eyebrows at my upset reaction. Even if it means getting hit in the head. Dad's bound to have noticed it. Odd. He's got this pair of dark, scrutinizing and unreadable midnight black eyes which they all call intriguing and mysterious. He's the one who broke Seth's perfect record. Or Jayden Walker's, for that matter. Parker, I was certain, was going to apologize to me and say he was going to have lunch with Seth the moment I reached him. Maybe it was because we had a same last name, but I'll never know. Why is he getting all worked up because of this? I want to say this to Seth, but he might lash out at me again and in my current condition I can't really afford to get him riled. As I've mentioned earlier, Jayden is normally nonchalant when Dad and Mom are taking turns to scream at him. Figuratively, of course. Oh, god, no. When Mom gets mad, she gets really mad. I even got on Roy's nerves, and he has so much patience that he could probably build an entire house out of toothpicks. Tall frame, broad shoulders, flat stomach, dark hair, intense eyes…it's hard not to break into a smile when I see Roy. I've lost sight of Roy, though, dammit. I take a can out of the bag and pass it to her under the table, and she slips it into her coat pocket. I quickly look away—he knows he can get anything out of me if he has that look on his face, though I'm sure he doesn't know why. Ten minutes 'til first period; I still have time. I'm crossing my fingers that the new guy has already fullifulled the required credits for gym. I turn to go, but Roy calls out  and I turn back to him, grinning, because I knew he just couldn't resist; I'm surprised he lasted as long as he did. I catch the trailing end of Tara's billowing skirt as she disappears around the corner, but Roy is still sitting at the table, staring into space as he thinks. I play because it's interesting, but mainly because he enjoys it so much, and I want to give him as much as I can since I can't give him the one thing I want to, the one thing he would never accept. Screw all that stuff about  I hated him. His eyes darted over at me and back to Ms. Turnipseed, and I knew he felt the same crumbling feeling I did. She had that small-town heart that has a fire about it, too. I figured, like most popular pupils, that they just wanted me to do the assignment for them, so I grabbed my pencil out of my sweatshirt pocket and filled out both our names on the Name line, and started answering the questions. I watched as he answered four questions with his ink pen in blinding speed, and correctly, too. Looking for something to stare at other than Chandler, I found the clock on the wall—that black and white clock that students looked at so longingly in that certain class room, for the hours seemed dreadfully long. Her eyes were dancing around for anyone who might have heard her spill information about her personal life, and her voice had lowered to a whisper. she said again. My neighborhood street was long and wide, with nice houses placed all around like the typical suburban-hood, with a few trees here and there in yards or beside the sidewalk, but I realized nothing ever looked the same since last year. Being me, Katie Wallace, the outcast, gave me good analyzing skills. she said confidently, and tried to walk in. he said to Alice. I saw phones taking pictures, and I got up off the ground and ran off the yard and straight to my house, feeling my eyes water in tears of anger and embarrassment. My sweatshirt reeked of beer, so I hurried up the steps and to my bedroom, locking the door shut, and tried to catch my breath. I went to unlock the door and fell asleep, desperate to forget. I started to smile until last night came to my mind, and I squeezed the sheets until I made a fist. She heard the floor creak under my weight and turned. she said while yawning. My hair was black as night and straight as a board, and my eyes were bright green, but that was it—that was all that was special about me, was my eyes. I asked, avoiding talking about myself for the morning. Mine, however, completely gave me away. I dropped her off at her parents' and drove back home, returning Aunt Penny's Subaru back in the garage, and settled in Uncle Ron's recliner with my headphones and CD player. Aunt Penny was playing her piano, so she wouldn't had seen me, and Uncle Ron was at work, but I didn't risk being in tears out in the open like that. Was I not good enough for them? When you feel so unwanted—so hopeless, you're driven to do things that you wouldn't do before, and that was where I was at four years ago. Scars only showed how strong you are, not how weak you were. (God help me. Maybe if she twisted her wrists a little…? It was a sound theory—for them. Unfortunate. She had to get free. Didn't it have anything better to do? Apparently, Odo had decided that if he couldn't tie a knot well, then he would tie a lot to make up for it. Though the dragon hadn't come for its sacrifice until sunset the last time—giving her more than an hour if it kept to tradition—there was no point risking it by hanging around longer than she had to. But he hadn't. Crippled to the point of uselessness, obsessed with telling the local children draconian tales while their parents were off tending to their daily labors, he'd known the moment the first stalk of wheat was scorched who would be offered up as a sacrifice, just like Emelin had known two days ago, when she heard the dragon had attacked again. It was only after her father was gone and Emelin had grown older that she realized it was merely a foolish ideal, a belief to get him through the pain of everyday reality where he was mocked by his fellow men and resented by his wife. His passion had not exceeded his wife's temper. She caught the faintest hint of smoke, the briefest flash of scale, and knew: the dragon had come for her. She stood there and felt the lethargy of resignation. There was still a good dozen feet between them, and yet she could feel the heat radiating off its dark, scaly hide. If this was how she was destined to go, then she would go out with all courage she could muster. He'd been a fool who had mired himself so deep in his own tales he'd believed them as truth, and she would be a fool too if she thought for even a second that it would work. She half-expected to burst into flame before she even reached it. Emelin's arms shook as she raised them. She closed her eyes and waited for the dragon's reaction to her touch, an explosion of violence and, hopefully, a quick death. Waiting had never been something she did well, and waiting for your own death had to be the worst thing someone could wait for. The artist had been talented, but when the portrait was finished her mother had insisted, with many blushes and unladylike snorts, that it looked nothing like her. And there was no way all that defiance blazing in her eyes was real, she was far too terrified. Some kind of trick? Mer had already left. My search was interrupted however by the sound of a slamming door, and an accompanying screech. I was still trying to figure out who the hell Griff was. This was followed by:  as she ran from the room. (I hope). All thanks to my dear daddy. My sister who is a year younger then me has been treated with the royalty also and we both eat it up with no complaint. It would mean that the money that my father would be making would go to me but there is a catch to that. Her eyes stopped at John Cena her favorite wrestler. I smiled. Why! She shook her head and walked towards the door. Michelle smiled and left the room in a hurry without a second look back at me. I wasn't that nice to go change my whole outfit. I smiled as she walked in and sat on the Carmel leather couch. She asked. Nancy let out a laugh and swatted my arm. Before going into the room I took a deep breath. I took a seat next to my sister at the end of the table. My sister started to snicker and then I looked to my father who's vain was about to burst. Talking about me as if I am not even in the same room as him, let alone table. Cue involuntary shudder please. I could see the slight muscular build through his shirt and the smile that was playing on his lips. It's not my fault that I don't do well with pressure. I turned eighteen last week so the clock has started. Things were handed to me my whole life and I was content on things staying that way! All ties cut off. Hmm I seemed to be doing that a lot today. That was at least cute. If you walk over to the far side from my door you push open two glass doors to my balcony that had a hot tub on it. I asked walking over to him. He nodded and stood. I asked knowing that she would have the dirt. Thanks for reading! To sign up for my mailing list and get a FREE book (Heroes &amp; Thieves, a historical pirate romance), check out my profile page for a link on that as well. We'll be sure to let you know! Any tips would be helpful. Our second source confirms that her name is, indeed, Andie Shepherd, and that she has been  A little crass, of course, but it was later found out that he is an ex-boyfriend of hers, locked up for two years on kidnapping. This reporter is quite surprised they have lasted this long. Every woman in Onyx is hoping the answer is yes, while many of our male readers have expressed an interest in sweet Andie Shepherd. Suffice to say, he was not happy. Though the two were separated at the party, our source tells us Jack's eyes were always searching, as though he was trying to keep tabs on his date. He followed shortly after. Neither was perturbed, however, as their laughing continued. Does Jack Phillip know about this? She is quite a woman. In fact, we have plans to open up Onyx City's first animal shelter in hopes to rescue stray animals and keep them for as long as they need, instead of sending them to the pound. She's never been, so we'll see where that goes. I find it quite flattering. What does Miss Shepherd think of it all? The two left soon after, holding hands. It would seem Mister Phillip doesn't always sweep his women off of their feet. It would seem that he was intrigued with her bluntness. It is obvious to see, whether you meet them in person or see the pictures, that they are truly enamored with each other and have what it takes to go the distance, wherever the distance may be. And if Jack Phillip could put up with Andie's stubbornness, more power to them. It was clear Onyx's notorious bachelor was in love. Risked his life, took a bullet for her. She called mental wards, police stations, prisons; anywhere that might be housing him. In fact, it kind of annoyed her, but it was the one advantage she had right now. She looked stunning. He probably had access to information and closed quarters–he could probably go wherever he wanted, really. She wished she could be surprised that Jack wasn't home yet, but glancing over at the hall clock, she realized she probably wouldn't be expecting him for another couple of hours. When she reached the top, she turned left, heading all the way down the hall until she reached their bedroom. Maybe if she slipped into something more comfortable… something sensual. This would be perfect. Then she removed her hair from the elastic holding it up and raked her fingers through it a couple of times before positioning herself on the bed somewhat seductively. He stifled a groan, realizing his body was reacting to his own thoughts, and at that moment, he wanted nothing more than to hold her in his arms, to kiss her lips, to make her moan his name. She was teasing him, he realized, as he slipped his white wife beater over his head, and God, did he love it. she said, her voice pleading. He needed this, more than he realized. He knew it too, and his lips began plundering her throat as his hand pulled away from her hair and ran down her collarbone until it held her breast securely in its grasp. Andie's arm wrapped around him as her other hand clenched the back of his head, wanting him to be closer to her, if that was even possible. As his fingers began to dance almost wildly, her grip on him tightened, and he could tell by the way she pressed hardly down on her lip, she was getting close. If people just looked into her eyes, there would be that dark, mischievous sparkle that said more than words could say. She was his. she concluded, her lips just near his ear. He could stare at her for hours, fully clothed or not. He wanted her to feel him; he wanted to feel every aspect of her. Her body felt so natural against him, as though they were literally made for each other. Her breasts were pushed up against his chest, and his hand released her thigh to grip her hip. It was the most beautiful sight he had ever seen, really, and before he knew it, he was following suit, releasing every ounce of him inside of her. Never had he been so addicted to making love to one person before. She tilted her head and kissed his pulse, which was trying to get control of its self. The man stared at me, his nostrils flared, as if he expected me to telepathically know why he was angry. He had been in the shop for about half an hour, manoeuvring his large body round behind the till so that he could peer over my shoulder at the computer screen as if I was incapable of reading it myself, and in spite of this I thought I had been quite patient and helpful with him. ' posters. Was it national Bully a Bookseller Day or something? Mmmm, who's wearing Eau d'Librarian? What other fate was there for a girl who was nineteen and had still never had a boyfriend, due to the fact she refused to settle for anything less than the kind of elegant courtship found in a Jane Austen novel? Now it was just ruined. Why, why, why is this happening? Of course, the book – that was the only reason he had come anywhere near me. I realised he was staring at me, waiting for a response. I took a few more gulps, and then lifted the cup away from my face, because I had noticed something written on the side in thick black marker pen. Without warning, I burst into tears. Apologies to those Storm Awakened readers who have me on author alert and hate romantic comedies; rest assured I'm still very much writing SA! I laughed and let him take me onto the footpath before I took control and started walking my usual circle around the block. The other dog had calmed down too. It was everywhere, but it completely suited him. I didn't stumble over any of those words. I asked, referring to his dog. I finished lamely. He paused, thinking. Hott. And so I told him that. This was when he said good bye and kept walking his way and I kept walking my way and we'd never see each other again. I could just imagine him on the guitar… my imagining nearly caused me miss my house, but I realized at the last moment that we were walking past it. I think I'm going to faint. I wrote his email address carefully on a piece of paper in my room and had a shower. It definitely had a ring to it. I love life. I'll see you all later chica-dees! . Perhaps it would do you some good"? Have you read it"? "Paul? That's right. That was all. We're having spaghetti. Her and Dad. That was enough. What is your first class"? Big dilemma. . I nodded. . He really needs to get a new pitch. I'm what I like to call a very well rounded person. And that has got me the respect of many as well as trouble from others. I just thought that I should clarify that in case somebody got confused. And that would just be plain gross. ) I smiled at the memory and continued to stay in this dazed state until I was rudely shoved from behind. Sometimes I wish I could remove that smirk by tightly grabbing his- Will definitely not finish that thought. I put on an equally fake smile and stood thee with my hands crossed over my chest. Stupid no brained people naturally. Then he walks over to his seat and sits down. Well I hope I have readers. ! Thank you for reading! No, it's about his stupid fucking sweater. Jesus. I'm cruising along the high road. The high road is for losers anyway. . I get that infidelity rates are increasing and that most of the guys we date (or the one guy I've dated) turn out to be toads instead of the dashing prince we've grown up to believe. And how do you know the next guy you end up with isn't a toad but your soul mate in disguise? by the latest teen fashion magazines. If you were within a five-mile radius I'd highly recommend a crash helmet and bulletproof vest. Oh – and let's not forget she wanted to save mankind. Sigh – those were the good old days. Or maybe I was just abnormal. I quickly straightened up and adjusted the strap of my backpack trying to appear as if I was standing like a loner on the front porch five minutes before the start of school by choice. For a start we ran in completely different social circles with him hanging around the more popular groups (although not exactly the school's golden boy he was a member of the soccer team which had to count for something) whilst I tended to drift around the middle area of the social ladder. What a joke! But a little fantasy or two or three (or maybe a hundred) never hurt anyone. . Calista Ridge! Of course not! )  I muttered slightly hysteric. There was a hole the size of a golf ball on the right butt cheek of my jeans, perfectly positioned to expose the infamous face of Island Barbie herself. (Not that I could afford to flaunt my undergarments to the other half of the human population. I wish. which would make me the gorilla. Funniest Home Videos here I come! Only a little. But as always Caitlin's idea somehow managed to wiggle itself into my brain and take up permanent residence. After a few minutes I'd casually steer the conversation towards the school dance and mention that seeing as though 'I wasn't currently going with anyone maybe you'd like to come with me as friends? He didn't notice me walk in. Think again. At least one of us here was happy. She went a silent for a few minutes before raising her eyes to meet my own. But a stupid little thing called hope decided to invade my heart with Caitlin as its fairy godmother. My hair was free of its customary ponytail and Nicky (overjoyed at the prospect of someone in the family 'not committing fashion suicide') was more than happy to do my make-up and lend me a pair of heels. Moving and shaking wasn't really my thing. I hadn't spoken to him since the death of my mother's prize dinner plate. It was only after I spotted a couple gazing lovingly into each other's eyes in the corner that I remembered. And I suppose I should have known better than to hope for something that had no chance of happening but sometimes dreams just got the better of you and right now all I had was the feeling of being torn inside out. There were no words to describe how much I longed to be that girl he was describing, no words to describe how much pain I was in. Pathetic. And when I'd finally transformed from one of the walking undead back into a human being I stared at him watching him stare back at me intensely, green eyes smouldering. His face mimicked the wide smile stretched across my face. I think I'm going into cardiac arrest here! Thanks. Send me an email at heather dot myers at ymail dot com to be put on the mailing list for news and a way to win a free copy! . . All males Natalie liked were no good ones. . That definitely suited Natalie. A, L, L, I"! Alli pouted. Alli put down her binoculars to watch Sy. Sy nodded. Sy was too shocked to move. hope you enjoy. He was stuck there. How their 'avenue' showed that status. It gave you an edge that set you aside from others. He was starting to worry that his aunt's house was going to have the same contrast as the roads did to where he lived. He barely had the chance to get his duffer bag from the back seat before the car was speeding off, back tires kicking up dirt. He was stranded there, in hell, in some crude crappy village miles away from anything that remotely resembled escape. Creepy, like a person could die out there in the middle of nowhere and no one would ever know. On top of all of that there was a thick layer of dust covering most of the rooms as well. He'd been relieved until the frigid bitch thrust a scruffy duffel bag at him and ordered him to pack for a couple of weeks away. His mother was always dressed smartly in designer, her hair and nails pristine but the woman stood in front of him was a little overweight, had her hair thrown back into some twig filled shabby bun and was dressed in clothes he would normally associate with a farmer. He'd grown quite attached the white though. Coming out had been enough to anger his father enough to still be receiving the silent treatment two years later. He yelped at the agitation to his injuries and she let go, apologising again and frowning at him, probably finally noticing the bruises. He struggled after her, thankful that she didn't attempt to baby him the way everyone else had since he'd landed himself in the latest mess. He had a sink in the corner of the room rather bizarrely as well. Conner who he wasn't going to be able to see for an indefinite amount on time. Sacha kept his replies short and made sure not to actually look at her or give her the impression that he gave a crap about her tomato plants or the stray cat that seemed to have decided to camp out in the garden. There were a lot of books, so many he was actually starting to feel a little book-phobic. Tractor factories and crops? He pulled a face at how dirty it was and followed her out, visibly cringing at the muddy four-by-four parked alongside the cottage. She was clueless when he handed her purse back and it took nearly all of his self-control not to laugh at her. A butcher, a green grocer, a pet shop, hardware store, post office/newsagents, charity shop…not a brand name in sight. However, ten minutes and he was so desperately bored that he gave in and went in search of something to blow his money on. He wasn't planning on buying anything, he mainly just wanted to laugh at the state of whatever they had in there. It wasn't the gawping mousy girl; it was a different one; some incredibly ancient woman leaning heavily on a wooden walking stick. The only person that ever got away with calling him that was hi father and that was only when he was angry enough to acknowledge his existence. However, the warmth and the coffee were a godsend and all he could do was give her a thankful look. If so why hadn't she started shouting at him? One phone call to Conner and his boyfriend would have come and found him and taken him home. These are the stories of such beasts, the women they have chosen as their mates, and their fight for survival. It is that encounter that will ultimately lead her to the paramount of ecstasy…and bring about the change of a country. And who is the woman that turned him into who he is now? Can she help him solve the mysterious occurrences happening to Changelings, or will her vicious nightmares be the end of them both? On second thought…Does Saphiri know something Phavian doesn't? *Coming Soon! You've all been so wonderful to me that I wanted to do something to make enjoying my stories a little bit easier. Now every time I hear this song, I feel even worse for the narrator/person singing the song because I have something to relate it to. It can only help me improve as a writer. I haven't a beta, so help me out? ^_^ Keep reading, and you'll learn to love him as much as I do, or hate him, until you understand him a little better. The only one who knew that was the one who'd always loved him, even though it was secretly… me. Something had to be terribly wrong. The smile I'd loved since we were seven dawned slowly but surely. How do you respond when the unknowing love of your life asks you if you've ever been in love before? His smile went dreamy and distant for a second before he focused on me and grinned wider. I loved him as so much more. I was doing well under the circumstances, as far as I was concerned. Somewhere, in the deepest, most secret chambers of my heart, where my inner flaming homo had beaten up the straight security guards and taken firm hold of the controls, I'd always wished to be one of his conquests. I should have known better than to think I'd ever leave the buddy category with Drew. And each time, my heart broke a little more because I was always right beside him, just waiting for him to realize that I'd love him if he'd just give me a chance. Drew was allowed to say it, but only when we were alone and only because I knew he said it with affection. At least, never until that day. He jabbed a finger into my chest right over my heart. His cell phone rang between us and he walked off with a curse to answer it. Temporary insanity, maybe? He murmured, then stood and walked away. Sighing, she pulled me into a hug. My mother had more gay male friends than she had female ones, and I always suspected that deep down, she'd have been disappointed if I were straight. That damn snort of his always meant I was going to end up in some kind of trouble. I put my hands against his shoulders, keeping him at arm's length. He taunted. Don't you just love it when parents come to the rescue at the opportune moment? He nodded. My mother's hands caressed my hair, and her lips touched my temple gently. How could I have been so foolish? MSN messenger was up, and flashing with messages, all from Drew. I peeked through my blinds into his window as my away message arrived, saw him rise, swearing. My mom, in contrast, is soft and even-tempered; it is a mystery to all of our relatives how their marriage has survived for so long. So yes, spoiled. I loved every aspect of it. I became an insomniac. That, and the fact that his body was trim from the view I had of his backside. until, of course, I saw him in the hallway. I added. But it did. Or dumb phase. Having seen her walking towards me in the lunchroom - Niv had pointed her out - I braced myself for a confrontation. When she smiled, her face was beautiful. I would receive a nod in the hallway, a faint smile if I was lucky. I stayed away from her boyfriend, hoping the day would come when they broke up on their own. Frowning at the thought of Lily skipping school, I completed my exam and handed it in. Usually, one wouldn't turn to apologize to the person they had crashed into but, that one time, I had turned to do so. At his insistence, I told him about Lily's parents and surprised him with the news of Amelia. We clicked, Tom and I, and we began dating. It was the anniversary of Lily's death, a few months later, that I saw him again. I felt I owed it to her to remember her. Thank you for reading! No, it's about his stupid fucking sweater. Jesus. I'm cruising along the high road. The high road is for losers anyway. . I get that infidelity rates are increasing and that most of the guys we date (or the one guy I've dated) turn out to be toads instead of the dashing prince we've grown up to believe. And how do you know the next guy you end up with isn't a toad but your soul mate in disguise? by the latest teen fashion magazines. If you were within a five-mile radius I'd highly recommend a crash helmet and bulletproof vest. Oh – and let's not forget she wanted to save mankind. Sigh – those were the good old days. Or maybe I was just abnormal. I quickly straightened up and adjusted the strap of my backpack trying to appear as if I was standing like a loner on the front porch five minutes before the start of school by choice. For a start we ran in completely different social circles with him hanging around the more popular groups (although not exactly the school's golden boy he was a member of the soccer team which had to count for something) whilst I tended to drift around the middle area of the social ladder. What a joke! But a little fantasy or two or three (or maybe a hundred) never hurt anyone. . Calista Ridge! Of course not! )  I muttered slightly hysteric. There was a hole the size of a golf ball on the right butt cheek of my jeans, perfectly positioned to expose the infamous face of Island Barbie herself. (Not that I could afford to flaunt my undergarments to the other half of the human population. I wish. which would make me the gorilla. Funniest Home Videos here I come! Only a little. But as always Caitlin's idea somehow managed to wiggle itself into my brain and take up permanent residence. After a few minutes I'd casually steer the conversation towards the school dance and mention that seeing as though 'I wasn't currently going with anyone maybe you'd like to come with me as friends? He didn't notice me walk in. Think again. At least one of us here was happy. She went a silent for a few minutes before raising her eyes to meet my own. But a stupid little thing called hope decided to invade my heart with Caitlin as its fairy godmother. My hair was free of its customary ponytail and Nicky (overjoyed at the prospect of someone in the family 'not committing fashion suicide') was more than happy to do my make-up and lend me a pair of heels. Moving and shaking wasn't really my thing. I hadn't spoken to him since the death of my mother's prize dinner plate. It was only after I spotted a couple gazing lovingly into each other's eyes in the corner that I remembered. And I suppose I should have known better than to hope for something that had no chance of happening but sometimes dreams just got the better of you and right now all I had was the feeling of being torn inside out. There were no words to describe how much I longed to be that girl he was describing, no words to describe how much pain I was in. Pathetic. And when I'd finally transformed from one of the walking undead back into a human being I stared at him watching him stare back at me intensely, green eyes smouldering. His face mimicked the wide smile stretched across my face. I think I'm going into cardiac arrest here! Thanks. Send me an email at heather dot myers at ymail dot com to be put on the mailing list for news and a way to win a free copy! . . All males Natalie liked were no good ones. . That definitely suited Natalie. A, L, L, I"! Alli pouted. Alli put down her binoculars to watch Sy. Sy nodded. Sy was too shocked to move. hope you enjoy. He was stuck there. How their 'avenue' showed that status. It gave you an edge that set you aside from others. He was starting to worry that his aunt's house was going to have the same contrast as the roads did to where he lived. He barely had the chance to get his duffer bag from the back seat before the car was speeding off, back tires kicking up dirt. He was stranded there, in hell, in some crude crappy village miles away from anything that remotely resembled escape. Creepy, like a person could die out there in the middle of nowhere and no one would ever know. On top of all of that there was a thick layer of dust covering most of the rooms as well. He'd been relieved until the frigid bitch thrust a scruffy duffel bag at him and ordered him to pack for a couple of weeks away. His mother was always dressed smartly in designer, her hair and nails pristine but the woman stood in front of him was a little overweight, had her hair thrown back into some twig filled shabby bun and was dressed in clothes he would normally associate with a farmer. He'd grown quite attached the white though. Coming out had been enough to anger his father enough to still be receiving the silent treatment two years later. He yelped at the agitation to his injuries and she let go, apologising again and frowning at him, probably finally noticing the bruises. He struggled after her, thankful that she didn't attempt to baby him the way everyone else had since he'd landed himself in the latest mess. He had a sink in the corner of the room rather bizarrely as well. Conner who he wasn't going to be able to see for an indefinite amount on time. Sacha kept his replies short and made sure not to actually look at her or give her the impression that he gave a crap about her tomato plants or the stray cat that seemed to have decided to camp out in the garden. There were a lot of books, so many he was actually starting to feel a little book-phobic. Tractor factories and crops? He pulled a face at how dirty it was and followed her out, visibly cringing at the muddy four-by-four parked alongside the cottage. She was clueless when he handed her purse back and it took nearly all of his self-control not to laugh at her. A butcher, a green grocer, a pet shop, hardware store, post office/newsagents, charity shop…not a brand name in sight. However, ten minutes and he was so desperately bored that he gave in and went in search of something to blow his money on. He wasn't planning on buying anything, he mainly just wanted to laugh at the state of whatever they had in there. It wasn't the gawping mousy girl; it was a different one; some incredibly ancient woman leaning heavily on a wooden walking stick. The only person that ever got away with calling him that was hi father and that was only when he was angry enough to acknowledge his existence. However, the warmth and the coffee were a godsend and all he could do was give her a thankful look. If so why hadn't she started shouting at him? One phone call to Conner and his boyfriend would have come and found him and taken him home. These are the stories of such beasts, the women they have chosen as their mates, and their fight for survival. It is that encounter that will ultimately lead her to the paramount of ecstasy…and bring about the change of a country. And who is the woman that turned him into who he is now? Can she help him solve the mysterious occurrences happening to Changelings, or will her vicious nightmares be the end of them both? On second thought…Does Saphiri know something Phavian doesn't? *Coming Soon! You've all been so wonderful to me that I wanted to do something to make enjoying my stories a little bit easier. Now every time I hear this song, I feel even worse for the narrator/person singing the song because I have something to relate it to. It can only help me improve as a writer. I haven't a beta, so help me out? ^_^ Keep reading, and you'll learn to love him as much as I do, or hate him, until you understand him a little better. The only one who knew that was the one who'd always loved him, even though it was secretly… me. Something had to be terribly wrong. The smile I'd loved since we were seven dawned slowly but surely. How do you respond when the unknowing love of your life asks you if you've ever been in love before? His smile went dreamy and distant for a second before he focused on me and grinned wider. I loved him as so much more. I was doing well under the circumstances, as far as I was concerned. Somewhere, in the deepest, most secret chambers of my heart, where my inner flaming homo had beaten up the straight security guards and taken firm hold of the controls, I'd always wished to be one of his conquests. I should have known better than to think I'd ever leave the buddy category with Drew. And each time, my heart broke a little more because I was always right beside him, just waiting for him to realize that I'd love him if he'd just give me a chance. Drew was allowed to say it, but only when we were alone and only because I knew he said it with affection. At least, never until that day. He jabbed a finger into my chest right over my heart. His cell phone rang between us and he walked off with a curse to answer it. Temporary insanity, maybe? He murmured, then stood and walked away. Sighing, she pulled me into a hug. My mother had more gay male friends than she had female ones, and I always suspected that deep down, she'd have been disappointed if I were straight. That damn snort of his always meant I was going to end up in some kind of trouble. I put my hands against his shoulders, keeping him at arm's length. He taunted. Don't you just love it when parents come to the rescue at the opportune moment? He nodded. My mother's hands caressed my hair, and her lips touched my temple gently. How could I have been so foolish? MSN messenger was up, and flashing with messages, all from Drew. I peeked through my blinds into his window as my away message arrived, saw him rise, swearing. My mom, in contrast, is soft and even-tempered; it is a mystery to all of our relatives how their marriage has survived for so long. So yes, spoiled. I loved every aspect of it. I became an insomniac. That, and the fact that his body was trim from the view I had of his backside. until, of course, I saw him in the hallway. I added. But it did. Or dumb phase. Having seen her walking towards me in the lunchroom - Niv had pointed her out - I braced myself for a confrontation. When she smiled, her face was beautiful. I would receive a nod in the hallway, a faint smile if I was lucky. I stayed away from her boyfriend, hoping the day would come when they broke up on their own. Frowning at the thought of Lily skipping school, I completed my exam and handed it in. Usually, one wouldn't turn to apologize to the person they had crashed into but, that one time, I had turned to do so. At his insistence, I told him about Lily's parents and surprised him with the news of Amelia. We clicked, Tom and I, and we began dating. It was the anniversary of Lily's death, a few months later, that I saw him again. I felt I owed it to her to remember her. Like a movie star. I would love some help". have to," his pace slowed down a little. I scrutinized him further. Although, I had to admit, her older age was probably a good explanation for why she was up and ready to work by 6 AM. We were the nation's best and most brutal… but that didn't mean we were all capable of waking with the roosters. The fact that he had even shown up to our appointment was rather impressive. Aven's hit him on the forehead, extracting a loud expletive from him. Someone had paid good money for this errand to be completed and Liana would undoubtedly want it done as fast as possible to guarantee that we received our payment. It was doubtful that a high school kid held such a degree of influence. What was it about him that attracted so much negative attention? What did that say about his son? Why would I begrudge someone his rightful arrogance? The plot has been changed drastically and you'll be introduced to a few new characters and say goodbye to a few old characters. Love you sweetie"! 325 before today's game. Water"? The dealer's lot was hardly as crowded as the commercials showed, though, which wasn't surprising in this recession. My steady business success almost made up for the rest of my sucky life, and right now I was on a shopping high - nothing could get me down! I was drawn to it like a magnet to a lodestone, oblivious to anything else for the moment. It was probably a good thing that I did, though, or he might not have noticed me and squashed me underfoot like a bug. I brushed myself off (all five-foot-four of me) to regain my composure. I could see it as he scratched his chin thoughtfully. Elementary, my dear Watson. I wondered if his wife had given up on mending his clothes because there would be a new tear or stain in it the next day, anyway. I was lucky I hadn't broken any bones running into him! The price was a bit staggering, but once the salesman broke it down into the down payment and monthly payments, I knew I could handle it. But anyway, I tried not to think about the negative stuff, and allowed myself to float on the natural high of shopping. The fact that he could've seen us as a couple tickled me pink - although I tried very hard not to let it show, for Joe's sake, since he was rather mortified to be mistaken for a gay guy, even though he tried hard not to let it show, either. enjoy! ' instead of, y'know, stopping. It just seems like the type of thing Egan would do. Apparently it relieves stress, and God knows I could use that right now. Instead, all I get is him telling me it's time to end our three year relationship. He's a complete asshole, but I really don't want to break up with him. I have nowhere to go, so I'm going to search the classifieds tonight, and tomorrow, I'm moving out. I skip over the creepier sounding ones () and look for ones that won't end in my hacked up body being found in the forest. But at this point, I just want to get out of this apartment as fast as I can. I guess normal people are asleep by now. Like, way rich. Especially in this neighbourhood. I wonder how he'll react when he finds out that I actually did leave? I'm gonna assume she's security. He smiles at me when I enter. He could be even worse than Egan. Ooooooh, my fucking God. The living room's sunken, with a few stairs leading down to it, and next to it is a short hall that leads to a bunch of doors. Last time I tried to paint something, I ended with more of it on me than the wall. It's huge! Helpful, isn't he? Oh, good. So, I nod, stuffing my hands in the pockets of my loose jeans, and shoot him a quick smile. I'm starting to think Egan dumping me was a good thing. It's really weird being in such a spacey place, with all the rooms so spread out. His voice isn't bad. Maybe he really is a serial killer and he figures I'm an easy target. I jump from the stool, rushing over to him. I open the kit, sitting beside him. Cute, dumb guys are overrated. But I'm still gonna bandage it up. Next time I won't sneak up on him. I grin, hopping up on my abandoned stool. Or just stating things? I forgot how fun it was. His usual crooked grin tilts his lips. I pull back, grinning. It's not a gentle kiss; it's passionate, lustful, and totally carnal…but it's exactly what I want. We're too busy ripping off each other's clothes and trying not to trip. ! In one night! I look just as mussed as Hunter, eyes wide, lips slightly parted, and cheeks flushed. This must be what they call a rebound. Time to face the consequences. Two amber-rimmed green eyes gaze back at me, filled with some identified emotion. Could I have been anymore awkward? Not that it should be a big deal, considering what we did last night. Another one rests across from him, and I happily sit in front of it. He's probably over it already. Not like there's much to do. At least I can blame it on alcohol. ! Yeah, right. Okay, so I was only lying about the dating part…and we only screwed once…but that's totally beside the point. I think I can call that closure. I head for the elevators, grinning at the elevator guy when the doors open. I step out, waving at Steve. My stomach grumbles and I quickly kick off my shoes and shut the door, heading eagerly to the kitchen. Cuz after a day of hanging up and folding clothes, I just really don't want to do it when I'm home. I'm jealous of him; he doesn't have to put up with posh customers all day. I am starving. Or a chopstick in this case, considering Hunter won't let me use proper cutlery. Then I realize we're both completely naked. It was not exactly the most comfortable place, but I didn't care at the time; Hunter has that effect on me. But does this count as a relationship? God, I am so lame. So he's dreaming about me? In the back of my mind, I'm kinda ashamed that I'm so damn easy around him…but at the moment, the larger part of my brain is too focused on the feeling of his tongue in my mouth and the hand moving down my spine to cup my ass. He's already figured out my sensitive spots, and he's driving me crazy. The digits push deeper, then crook, brushing against something inside. This situation has gotten way out of control. If he gives me an STD, I swear to God I'll cut his dick off and feed it to him. This is why I have sex. I turn into such a slut during sex. That was fucking amazing. I cringe, curling into his chest. For awhile, that's the only sound in the large bathroom. But we aren't! He's way nicer than Egan ever was. I didn't realize we were sharing a bath. I've had enough of that with Egan. I can't even imagine doing this with anyone else. Oh,right. I really need to sort myself out. Looking around as we're seated at a table for two in the corner, I notice that we are surrounded by couples. He just smiled at me! But other than wanting to go out with me, he's proven to be pretty smart, so I'm gonna go with the former. This means we're pretty much officially a real couple…minus the acknowledgement. But despite that, I'm having fun. Oh, God. A shiver runs down my spine, my heart beating faster. I don't mind. He is always on my mind. Making myself vulnerable? I made myself vulnerable, let him string me along for three years, and now I'm scared of that happening again. I don't care that we've known each other for barely a month; this has been the best few weeks of my life. I think I've made him wait long enough. Eh, whatever. My hands are uselessly pinned between us, fingers splayed against the 'mannequin's' chest. And I'm not gonna let this chance pass. Deciding that it's my turn to be corny, I grin cheekily at him. The man looked up, smiled at the sight of him, and raised his eyebrow, both hands still holding the morning newspaper. She looked at him, softly shaking her head. She shouted, still looking intensely at him. He shook his head, if he and his wife argued it was mostly about Joni. He thought his father shouldn't even be with her, he had thought so from the first day that he had met her, they just didn't get along. And just like before he dismissed the thought as quickly as it had emerged. He kicked off his shoes, ready to go to his room, take a shower, change and rest a bit after a long, tedious day at school. Or Dima? The problem was that neither of them liked to give in easily. Slowly the boy's brown eyes looked up at him, hearing the arrival, small smirk made its way to his face, but never did the kid take the pencil out from his luscious mouth. well, a brat. Misha didn't care for superficial people like that. Somehow he always managed to sound that way. The thought of his butt was definitely tempting him, but as much as he loved sex, he wasn't going to jump into mindless and pointless sex… He didn't really do one-night stands; he had only had one of such experiences and didn't find it that enjoyable. He should lower his standards. Joni looked up, hoping he might see Dima's second brother, but it seemed that he had fled upstairs far too quickly. He loved challenges. Just to pay back at him. They were also well build, making Joni feel small, a feeling that he wasn't sure if he liked. This proved his confidence. Oh he couldn't wait! Like a leech? He reached out to mess Dima's hair. He had cried and she had screamed that he was a poop head. Quite a cunning operation for a five year old. He even got a concussion. She even proved it by pouring a glass of lemonade on his crotch when no one was looking. Whatever it was, it was definitely too hard for a seven year old to figure out. The next day during a game of Twister she kicked him in a particularly sensitive place, causing him to cry harder than she'd ever thought possible. She hadn't been much of an angel either with all the pencil stabbing, food throwing, and book slapping, but she considered her moves to be a bit more honorable. Apparently sixth graders still had the same terrible ability as eight year olds to come up with nicknames. She didn't know what she would do if she was bound to look like that for the rest of her life. . Softball was her sport and she was here to own it, just like she had been ever since she started playing in first grade. Most people walked away with more cuts and bruises than they would in a normal, non-recess game. She was a tomboy through and through, something she very much enjoyed proving when it came to sports. Instinctively, she jumped back, the large neon green ball narrowly missing her ribs. Keyword: almost. She had been put in time out for a good twenty minutes because of that one. The pitch had come in way over her head. No one would have been surprised if a fly or two had flown in there. It was practically a social death wish. She was leaning more towards the tears. But leave it up to Sebastian to find out the latest gossip in the neighborhood. A mighty bad decision on her part. Taliana, of course, practically lived for them. Without even rising to her feet, she closed her eyes, lifted the bat, and swung with all her might. Though it definitely wasn't the first time she had ever seen Sebastian Phillips cry, this was hands down the most satisfying. The bloated man grabbed Taliana by the arm and pulled her to her feet. Hawthorne had now pulled her though the door into the school, but before the door closed behind her she once again murmured something that no one else but herself could hear. She hadn't spoken to him in nearly a year, but it was long past time that he came home. Not that she was sure her brother would, either, but at least they would make the choice—whatever it might be—together. She received the same recorded message five times before admitting that her brother had changed his number without letting her know. Until a year and a half ago, when the lead singer, Kassy, split up with the bassist, Rafe, and Last Minute Lullaby had broken apart. well, she didn't want to think about that. There was a moment's hesitation, as if he was pondering his next words. She took another quiet moment for herself, scrubbing her hands over her face to remove evidence of her crying jag, before she returned to her father, sitting in the chair beside his bed and taking his hand. She didn't even want to think about what that would do to him, having to rely on someone else—even his own daughter—for everything he needed. He squirmed out of her arms and landed neatly on his feet, nearly tripping her as he twisted between her legs while she went about giving him fresh water and putting down his dinner. When she finished, she went out to start a pot of desperately needed coffee. They would've called her if something had happened overnight, but still, she was anxious to see how her father was doing that morning. As were most of the things he did. Much like last night, she wasn't terribly hungry, but she made herself purchase a muffin and banana to go with the orange juice she had grabbed in place of coffee; her father wouldn't be amused if he woke up to find that she'd worried herself sick over him. She stopped a moment to say goodbye to the charge nurse at the station in the center of the ward, and then headed for the elevator. Shaking her head, she resumed the walk to her dark blue truck. Seeing his friendly, familiar face, after having such a disheartening day, was too much for her and knees weakening, she burst into hysterical sobs. he told her, lips brushing against the fine hairs at her temple. He had always been quite fond of winter. Change the subject! Got drunk. Do come in. Anarchy snorted. Starbucks! if you were into severe sado-masochism. Other countries and lawful forces everywhere offered her better wages from time to time and when they did, Uncle Sam paid dearly to keep her. Why did one feel entitled to take another's life? She wanted to learn their motivations, desires and needs. Most definitely. She was a predator hunting other predators, for hunting prey was just too damn easy. They knew precious little about The Raven and Lila intended to keep it that way. They had become a morning ritual for Lila as she woke up and transformed herself into a completely different person. He was the one people came to when they needed The Raven to do a job for them. She simply asked because it took a moment for her computer to make sure the line was secure, safe and untapped. Under careful inspection and scrutiny, one would be unsure. After hunting around in her closet, she found a pair pantyhose and began pulling it over her legs. He seemed to be just another playboy. The less she knew about her subject, the better. On the night of his sister's wedding, Cole Wickham would die. But most of all, I disliked being delayed in the actual airplane, cramped in a stiff seat with only the view of the tarmac. I was a secret history nerd, but not even a lot of my friends at school knew that I'd sit in my bed watching documentaries about World War II on Thursday nights. He had already turned to the screen, engrossed in the movie. I was determined to ride on a motorcycle and learn to play guitar before the movie was halfway through. It was nothing, I decided. Absolutely ridiculous. His favorite place in the world though, was Grand Central Station in New York right before Christmas. I secretly hoped that this was the first step to his becoming a history nerd like me. I've got to jump on every opportunity that life throws my way. Overachiever. I was making a habit out of embarrassing myself at airports, especially when I ran into Charlie all the time. Instead, he led me away from my gate and toward the central walkways of the airport, next to the shops where the hustle and bustle of the crowd was. With my love life success rate, I'm not surprised that this was how it turned out. My only saving grace was the fact that, out of the corner of my eye, I could see that Charlie's face had tinted red as well. Yet, in that moment, I could not be aware of anything else, not the people rushing by with their travel size rolling suitcases, not the carts that honked at us and had to swerve around because neither of us moved, and not the people who passed by with sly looks at us because we were two twenty something year olds blushing in the middle of an airport. Anything. I felt silly for hoping, even looking for the boy with the golden brown hair and the way too charming smile at an airport, any airport that I went to, but I couldn't help it. I don't know how I was able to keep such a secret for a day, much less for the past week, but now I was bursting to tell them. Maybe it was fate that I kept running into him at all these airports. For all I knew, what happened between us in Houston could've been a total joke, and here I was again, making a fool of myself. Gemma continued her speech on the social importance of being seen at Adrian's as though nothing had happened. I quickly pressed the vibrate button and tossed it into my purse. We'd made some new acquaintances, were wide awake because of all the coffee, and were at last on our way home. I repressed a shudder as the guards directed me through the metal detector. I forced a smile, and turned away to once again follow after my mother and father. I tightened my grip on my carry-on apprehensively. Also like him, she wasn't away from her job long enough to experience the joys of real parenting, and thus lacked some crucial skills in that department. Would they smile so cheerfully if they found themselves drifting into a corpse? This was hardly the time to be getting all depressive. I jerked upright, my eyes darting around nervously for the source of the disturbance. I'd been using my arm as a pillow while I slept, and the metal on my watch had to have caught the skin when we hit turbulence and I fell into the glass of the window. He cracked a joke or two to lighten the mood, and then signed off by telling us all to return to sleep if we so desired. Somehow that nice, enclosed little piece of solitude helped calm me. I bent over one last time to flick the water off of my face, and stood up to see someone staring back at me from the reflection in the mirror. With the stance I was in, I was talking up well over half of the standing room. My head hit the glass with a loud crack, and my free hand banged the sink as I tried to stabilize myself. All it seemed to do was anger him even more. They'd ask me what was wrong and either I wouldn't answer because this 'Valin' had his hand covering my mouth, or he'd let me go and I'd call for help. It shattered all over the place, and at last a flight attendant knocked hard at the door. She'll go get someone else to help her open the door, now! I tried to stand on my own, but was hauled up before I got a decent chance at it. When he reached the wound it came from, he lightly placed his lips over it. I jumped for the handle, only to realize that he couldn't oppose me, because he was no longer there. I managed to get myself right next to my parents before the pounding at the back of my skull finally consumed me. Still, from where she was sitting, staring at the blank mask, it was one of the weirdest things he'd ever sent her. She didn't recognise the cardi, but assumed it belonged to her ex-boyfriend who must have accidentally left it there back in the early days of their relationship. Maybe you're not so weird after all, you're just like quartz. I know you'd be with me in wanting to salute the CWA lady who put her hand up in a meeting and said 'Darth Vader stable tables could be a real money spinner'. How cool would it be to see what some random person took pictures of years ago? The card that had come with them was the one that she read when she was missing Jeffrey more than she could stand; it was worn with many handlings. Bear with me, there's a point to this. She told me I should give you these because, in her words, 'the heads are the best bits'. I don't want you freezing your butt off in a tent or picking up a job scraping road kill off the highway, but I want you to see the epic sunrise I saw when I climbed out of that tent, and I want you to meet the awesome guys who make it their job to collect animal corpses so other people are safe when they drive. Some weirdly intuitive part of her was firmly saying 'this is pointed'. Sometimes he had no credit or reception and sometimes he just plain turned his phone off, but she was in luck this time because, after a slight pause, it began to ring. ' That wasn't exactly going to help anything so she kept her mouth shut. This admission was something she'd known she'd never have been able to get out in email, but now, talking to Jeffrey, she knew she had to get it out there, even if it ruined their friendship forever. . It had been Jeffrey again, it was always Jeffrey. Instead he leant down and ever so lightly brushed his mouth against hers. I hope more than anything, however, that that is a Darth Vader stable table complete with cup holder. And the only friend she had ever had was her pet dog when she was seven years old before the accident that had killed both of her parents had occurred. She promised herself she would never say 'no' to these people again. He chuckled at her complete innocence and stepped back from her with the rope in his hands. Twenty minutes seemed to go by quickly for her, but she was finished with the blindfold back in place by the time the door reopened. Though the man had not done anything sexual to her—she was still a virgin, even though she had been here for four full weeks—he did from time to time touch her breast here and there or slide his fingers over her arse unnecessarily. He did the same with her other foot. She understood what she was to do from the vigorous yank. And then he went further than anyone had ever done to Giselle. She felt herself building up inside and then, she came right there on his fingers that were still tantalizing her. She couldn't figure out which one she liked or hated more. He laughed harshly at her and then continued to the next girl, and Giselle heard her also let out a quiet whimper from his tough touch. She felt a leash attached to her collar again. Giselle gasped and jumped back slightly when she felt the new man touch her. She hadn't been used to it for about a month now. No action being done. Immediately, she began looking for the lock, hoping to pull it open before this new man realized her intentions, but to her surprise could not find the lock. She couldn't decipher what they were until the door beside her was opened, and she heard the take-off of an airplane. They clicked against the cement ground as she was directed towards the noises of the planes. She felt his bulging biceps catch her body securely. Giselle uncontrollably shook in his hands. He knew that he would have to go through it and learn what his new toy's strengths and weaknesses were, so he could break and train her properly. And finally, he took the leather collar off her neck. He liked the sound of it. She tested her captors to see what she could get away with, and once she knew her limits, she stopped. She snuggled deeper into the soft blanket and let out a relaxed sigh of contentment, obviously dreaming about anything but the situation she was in now. She realized that she was still blindfolded and went to remove it from around her head, but was stopped by a hard, cold voice that brought back traumatizing memories. She assumed it was his plane, seeing as there was no noise coming from any other passengers. She shuddered from the thought of the latter. Why was he feeding her like a child? She was just too embarrassed to reply. Her job at the local newspaper barely paid the rent, let alone enough food to satisfy her hunger. Calling him 'master' was a whole different story. That didn't sound too pleasant. Thanks so much for reading! I think you're really going to enjoy them! WRONG. Author's notes go at the END or, if need be, at the BEGINNING of the chapter. ! What's wrong with this picture? 1. 3. I'm not going to even explain myself on this one… it should be pretty evident. Do Not Abuse Punctuation! 5. By using an adjective too many times, an author reflects his or her own stupidity or their fictional character's stupidity. I dragged myself out of bed and prepared myself for my day. Please, for the sake of poor, tortured readers such as myself, start your story a different way! Not a chance. Bad! It makes no difference whatsoever to the story! Please. Give the reader the information about what each character looks like when it's necessary. Tell us she has brown eyes when she's comparing her eyes to somebody else's. Send a draft of your summary to some friends and ask if it sounds interesting, people are quick to provide feedback. The best authors update weekly or every two weeks and readers review because they appreciate the speedy updates. Three times assures a finer quality of work, which will, in turn, create a better story. That's all! I'LL BE LEAVING THE PROLOGUE AND CHAPTER ONE UP SO YOU CAN GET A TASTE OF WHAT IT IS! Jenna hasn't forgotten her childhood, though, and she sets out with her best friend to get the boys back, but as the tension gets thicker and feelings grow stronger, who will win the game? She didn't know what it was like to be terrorized every day of her life by the two little boys from Satan. The last time I told her that, she did let me go with her. Nope, I'm pretty sure that Jason just hates me. I can't speak for Mike, but I know how I got here and it was a case of all these other unconnected things piling up. I understand they're there for our protection and everything, because sometimes all that stuff you said about people taking advantage is true, but this is different, so we'd really appreciate it if you read this through. She's about to find out. So, in a terrible rage he brought hell to earth instead and cursed the child with pain and torment so dreadful that hell might seem like paradise in contrast. Or until one of them wins the challenge. She took Wendy's hand and they ran as fast as they could, unaware that they were being watched by someone with dark blue eyes, and white-blond hair who was neither a monster nor a vampire. Her mother gave her a slight nod, then turned her attention to Aunt Joan, who was huffing towards them. She'd gone to America with high hopes of meeting a dashing, and of course, very rich man, and had been quite prepared to make a life in which her major concern would be which dress to wear to the next ball. She had no idea what he'd been trying to do with it, but she knew she would never let a man do that to her again. At least then, dull as they all were, it would have been to her choice. She wiped her hands on her skirt, and took a deep breath, stopping as she looked with trepidation down the corridor leading to his study. For it is my only friend. He lifted his head and tried to decide which of the two cups now floating before his vision was the real cup, and then he knocked it over. The young man rushed forward, hooked him under the arms and hoisted him up. She glared at him. he mumbled as sleep overtook him at last. She held up the wine-stained trousers and bundled them up in her hand. Then Damien stirred and started mumbling in his sleep so Alex snapped  closed and hastily replaced it in its hiding place. If only people knew what really lurked within these walls, they'd be weak with laughter, not with fright. His stares scared the shit out of me. He shrugged and grinned sheepishly. JOKING. I'm not gay or anything. . . ! it was pouring. . . . . . Adrien was also tall and tan. . a more fitting name. . . . He was the epitome of sex and beauty. . . . . . . . . . . where was he going with this? . I would rather someone fight for me". . . . . . . . . . . Prince Nikolas will participate". and it was a huge cake! . . . . . ". but he let it slide. ". tonight at the party. Step. He fought off his blush and smirked. . ". ". ! Which only meant that next year, he would take the throne for himself. Worst of all, Tara's brother happens to be Jace, the school's resident Ice Prince and the biggest mistake she ever made. If you have any other questions about the story or the setting, feel free to ask me through the reviews. So, having dinner with Tara's family was major. He couldn't bear my stink eye anymore, so he looked up at me. He knew I loathed Tara. Aromas of delectable Chinese food drifted out of the kitchen, and made my mouth water. He glared back. She had no idea that Pa hadn't touched the seafood chao fan she ordered for him. He looked like he was stabbing his food repeatedly. His medals—from basketball and soccer—held their place of honor in our father's office. He was serious about her, and I had no idea why. A couple who looked about my parent's age followed after her. Her little quirks reminded me of a certain person I wanted to forget. I didn't giggle over the varsity players. Jace Hernandez was one of them. He radiated the same aura I got from Tara, an unforgiving arctic one. All the other players stopped practicing and laughed at him. I wasn't butt-ugly, but he was supposed to ignore me until we graduated, forgetting about each other's existence until alumni homecoming rolled around. His eating lunch with me meant that Jace was willing to step down from his pedestal, just because of me. I had no reason to doubt this until the night of Isabella Chavez's party, when the shit hit the fan. Some people even asked me point blank. A pale-faced girl with stringy hair stared back at me. I stepped out of the bathroom, and walked back to our table. She was lecturing him for being late. It was like standing naked somewhere in the North Pole. On the security monitor he paced like a caged animal, pausing periodically, restlessly, to stare in the direction of the camera with a pleading expression. Including ours. My men came for Watanabe that night. The computer was both his shield and his sword — and it had also been his downfall. The items and their prices were encrypted, but Watanabe managed to crack some of the code. And, since he hadn't installed a time-release, that meant somebody had helped him. I swung around in my chair to face the hovering technician. The don was grateful, so grateful that he had made some debt collectors mysteriously vanish, and introduced him to my boss — yet another friend who had been kind enough to help him in his time of need and just so happened to be searching for another operative. Their power play ended in stalemate, and Callaghan searched elsewhere for victims. From the way he avoided my eyes, I knew the man had soiled his pants. When I looked up his eyes were locked on the pages, his face pale. With a cry of alarm, he landed in a graceless sprawl on the floor. I didn't think he was foolish enough to make a lunge for it, not with me armed, although he was spry enough — and desperate enough — to do so, but there was no need to tempt him. He hit the ground like a sack of cement and started sobbing. I could see the reddish imprint of rope bindings. When he discovered that no food accompanied the drink, he might have another bout of hypermnesia. And he reported to me: a fact I had to remind him of constantly. I'm pretty sure he knew who had revealed his shady origins, and he had never quite forgiven me for breaking his nose. I stormed out of the elevator. Maybe Richardson hoped that we would monitor each other more closely than two more amiable colleagues. I wasn't sure if this would be relevant or not, but I filed it away just the same. I'd have to find a way to get her out of the picture so she couldn't influence her husband. Callaghan lied about many things but this wasn't one of them. I whirled around, my hand on the butt of my gun, just in time to see his shirttails disappear around the corner. Well, on the day that my life changed — forever — it all started with me not doing my Spanish homework. It would have taken all of ten minutes. The message remained the same, taunting me: What did you get for number six on the Spanish homework? I remembered that much because I had been staring out the window at the empty soccer field, bored to tears, wishing futbol was in season because at least that would have given me something to focus on. Not doing your homework? I was just…predictable. My room always looked best in the early mornings because the walls were baby pink — a color whose true hideousness was best revealed, like that of most horrors, in broad daylight. It was really my mother's room. It was me. I hid the bag in my room because I was pretty sure that my mother snooped in the rubbish bin to spy on what I ate. In that sense, the Victorians and my mother had a lot in common: they both believed that furniture, as well as women, were better suited for display purposes only. Why isn't it important to honor thy children, as well? Wispy strands of hair fell into her face as she looked up from the sink, fixing on me the coal-black eyes that had made her the darling of the Dominican Republic in the 1970s, and my father fall madly in love with her. Sometimes I suspected she did it to make me feel bad. Standing here, in the pale, washed-out light of the kitchen, though, she made me feel hideous. I was tall, too, and of swarthy complexion — just like her. She launched into this now. I couldn't imagine what my mother saw in her, or why she valued her opinion, but she did, and I was suffering all the more for it. My mother's religion was thinness; it was her false idol, her golden calf — and she was determined to convert me. The thought of her snooping around my room made me even angrier. It was hypocritical, that's what it was. It made me so sick, I wasn't even hungry anymore — so in that sense, I guess she won. . Pathetic Obsessive Girls AnonymousDee: POGA. Well, fate had bigger ideas than we did. . ! I defined the meaning of hyperventilation. He nodded, proud of what he has done. I automatically corrected myself. And to add onto my depressing day, I saw him in clear view, walking down the hall with his eyes scanning the place, as if he was looking for someone. I, on the other hand, was freaking out beyond belief. I kept running like Dory kept swimming. I do do some awesome somersaults. I didn't think I was that exhausted. he said, teasingly. Kiss me, mold me into your body, run those long fingers of yours through my hair! I'm going to have a serious problem if this hyperventilating thing keeps up. Instinctively, my eyes shut, waiting for him to kiss me. I watched in entertainment as his face churned with a mixture of pain and confusion. They're probably wetting their pants by now. I rolled my eyes and turned away from them, deciding to distract myself by (last minutely) doing my homework for my next class when I realized that I left my binder in my locker. Not wanting to trouble him with such trivial matters, I slipped out of my noisy and cheerful classroom. I was ready to strike my persistent locker when I got interrupted by a smooth and familiar voice. If my preschool teacher would've just taught me about love, hormones, and how to act in front of a gorgeous specimen, I wouldn't be in this situation right now. I didn't even have the chance to kiss back before he pulled away. And my heart was going ba-dump, ba-dump, ba-dump hurriedly and endlessly. I could forever live happily. It means a lot to me. Enjoy the story! How he had gotten into the formal was beyond Nate. Something tight and coiled in his chest relaxed. Nate knew that Miles had undermined everything his parents had been setting him up for in his future, but he couldn't bring himself to care, because he would trade pretty much all his brain cells in exchange for having Miles around. It was just how the world worked. Sparks showered around his hand. He kept forgetting Miles had exhausted all life had to offer in their small town. It was no wonder he picked up so many chicks, high on shit that Nate didn't even know the name of, drunk on life. Miles smelled good, familiar. The one that belong to anybody and everybody. It would've been funny to see him so surprised in any other situation. He always made banana pancakes when they hung out and he always offered Nate first hit, first shot, first overtures of friendship. he said at last. He really hated rap. Since that was a rare enough thing, Nate let him be, and tapped out the rhythm of the song against the concrete steps. Nate looked away. He'd always known that someday, someone was going to force him to smoke, and he would probably cry afterwards. Miles, at least, had a liver of steel, and was good at faking sober. They would have really stupid kids, though, knowing Miles' taste in girls. The music inside sounded crappy, though, and Miles was comfortable in his own way, and the night was a good one, so Nate let it be. His fingers were hot on Nate's jaw, and his tongue was curling against Nate's, and all Nate could feel was pure need. His lungs were burning and all he could taste was tobacco on both their lips. It was just shy of being painful, and Nate made a rough, almost whimpering sound, torn between leaning in and pulling away. Nate could feel him radiating heat. As usual. Ever. Soon they were collapsed on the top step and Nate, at least, was so wrung out that he could only giggle for another few minutes. Probably Miles' fault again. That was part of the other Miles, too, the sheer and utter skankiness. he asked. Nate could still hear the bass thumping from the gym, and he let himself hope for a little bit—that things would turn out okay between them. Things were still normal, if gayer than usual. He just stayed there. He hadn't realized his mouth was hanging open and his eyes were shut, and he probably also looked like a complete idiot. All Nate could do was try not to hyperventilate and die. he said, pushing himself to his feet with only the smallest of stumbling. There was a brief instant where they were pressed against each other before Nate stumbled and nearly fell. Miles was looking at him the same way he always did, affection and exasperation mixed together, but now there was something else that made Nate's stomach feel strange just looking at. Better than the guy and the furtive handjobs, exchanged in silence with an air of extreme guilt. Miles did it again, smirking. People didn't ever look at him like that, and coming from Miles, it was just strange. Looking highly pleased with himself, Miles clambered back over Nate, kneeing him in the stomach. He didn't really understand how it was making him feel so dizzy. He rubbed his hips against Miles', trying to get more friction, and realized that Miles was hard, too. he ventured. he began. His whole body was tingling. Miles asked hopefully, but even his voice sounded strained, and all his muscles were tense. Miles just tightened his arms and rested his face against Nate's hair. Nate told him. After lingering for a second, Nate broke the kiss, and then sat back on his heels and gazed down at him. Miles balled his hand and knocked it once against Nate's sternum. His arms went around Nate, crushing them together, and when Nate spluttered and muttered something about his lungs collapsing, Miles just laughed. Maybe Seth has some, he's bound to have learned that he might need it. Unfortunately, this didn't stop Seth from leaning over towards me, making sure I could see him, and going,  flicking his head in a manner I can only guess he thought to be cool. Or at least, the magic he and the girls thought he had. I'm not going to suck up to people I don't like just so I get invited to every party on the face of the planet. The whole moving everything out of the way to make plans every Friday night, and going to dances and the mall and the local malt shop thingie so everyone can see us together, and blah blah blah. Like, say, my future. I was voted most likely to become a bounty hunter. I fully respect this, though I don't think I'd ever be able to spend six months in the middle of the jungle, curing sick monkeys or whatever. This won't be too hard, though, considering I want to work with computers. As if I didn't already have enough trouble digesting the cafeteria food, without having to look at his stupid, pretty-boy face. He looked frustrated, but didn't back down. I think. But not even this stopped him. Maybe he wasn't so bad after all. In fact, the only electronic device she knows how to use properly is her cell phone, and that's only after hours and hours of practice. I took ten deep breaths (as Amy recommended I do when I felt particularly homicidal) and stood up and went,  (I had to force it out real slow as to make sure I kept calm). I would just make myself more upset than I already was. But I tried not to think about this. He had let go of me, but the decided it would be a good idea to grab my arm and pull me back towards him. Smirking. Despite my best efforts, I still got there about thirty seconds too late. I made an effort not to look in that direction. I rolled my eyes as people started filing in, including my closest computer club buddy, Jessica, who took a seat on my other side. Mine turned out to be one of the best things I've ever done, which is the only reason that when I looked over at Seth's computer, my jaw dropped. I was impressed. What could be better than giving me the job? Midnight RamblesI wouldn't be caught dead in this kind of situation, but soon enough I might be. Those poor sharks. I don't even need to breathe here underwater! The nerve of it! . coughing fits? I can be a professional strangler in future, I mused, staring at my hands that were still clasped tightly around the creature's neck. And for some reason, he even steered me through my open room door, as if worried about me wandering in the middle of the night as the resident ghost of the corridor. It was a little familiar — almost like the fluorescent lights on the ceiling of the dormitory corridors, but ten times brighter. I don't think I can get out of here alive. I could have slapped myself. It felt real enough to me, though. Or utterly insipid like what the clouds were made of? And he couldn't stop staring or blinking. All mine! The wings made a satisfying crunching sound like potato chips. Why did I make it so complicated? I tugged hard at it, but it held fast. Heaving. ? Or both? I only made it a hell lot worse! Or maybe, I could just try to stay awake until the next morning — which was Saturday. Someone that wouldn't — I hoped — happen to be him. . Water that was essentially part of a wide river. I tried to yank my hands apart, but they held even more tightly than those stupid cords I thought I used. The rest was, however, blocked by this shadow right beside me. The glint of something on the chest of drawers caught my eye instead — a multipurpose metallic hairpin. . I threatened lowly. Which I most probably wouldn't even mind. I hope the whole thing was fun enough! Comments are appreciated, as always. He wasn't used to riding for so long; the farthest he had ever been from his village had been to the nearby river and back, and the bumpiest ride he had ever endured had been from the back of a worn work pony at the annual faire. His sisters, having inherited their mother's beauty and sweet nature, had easily been betrothed a few years prior; his two oldest brothers had been trained in the family craft and already aided their father in the main construction of the barrels while Malin and his one sister who still lived with them aided their mother with the daily tasks. Secretly, Malin had been jealous that it had been Cedrick chosen to break away from the bonds of mundanity instead of him. His mother would scold him for giving such a bad impression of their family, for she was very concerned with image and reputation, but she ultimately allowed him his eccentricities as long as he completed his daily chores. He would gaze out over the horizon at the endless stretches of green and imagine the towns and temples that lay beyond and the golden city that presided over it all. The tales said the people lived in spacious homes and bathed in golden tubs with jewel-encrusted feet; they never had to work, and, most appealingly to Malin, they never went hungry. All that really mattered to him was that he had been promised sweet meats and good wine if he behaved. He had laughed to himself, delighted at the idea, but his mother had smacked him for such a show of disrespect during a time of solemnity. Music would play and people would dance, and, maybe, if he closed his eyes it would almost seem as though he were in the capitol among the resplendence and luxury. They sloshed when he took his first step away from the bank, heading back up the slight incline. maybe they had finally decided to take Malin as well! He jolted, spilling water onto the ground where the parched soil eagerly drank it up. The fact that those bullies didn't normally have swords was something he tried to ignore. A priest, the boy recognized vaguely, and his heartbeat quickened under the priest's hand. He stumbled, his vision flickering, and his last thought was that the water he had fetched would go to waste, spilled across the ground when he collapsed. He tried to catch himself, but the way his wrists were tied together prevented any great versatility, and he ended up curling protectively into himself at the last instant instead. The cloth fabric hung down loosely there, and he tentatively pulled it aside only to blink owlishly at the bright sunlight. Even the air smelled differently here. They must have tied him up then and put him in the cart. Realization hit him suddenly, and he caught his breath. And, even if he were, what could his parents do about it? With a frustrated half-sob, he gave in and leaned heavily against the frame of the cart's back, staring out at the landscape as they passed it by. The way the cart jostled to and fro, pulled by those proud, foreign steeds in turns, made him feel nauseous, and he was sure he would throw up if one of his kidnappers so much as offered him bread. Sure enough, before long, the fabric was swept aside and the cart shook as someone climbed into it. To his surprise, the man held something out to him, and Malin recognized it as bread and a hunk of traveling jerky. That meant he would … that meant they would kill him. He wasn't hungry any longer; the shock had driven that from him. Malin had been living peacefully in his little village with his unexciting but safe future of cooping ahead of him—but now that was gone. Perhaps he hadn't been devout enough. He took the trailing end in one hand, beckoning the boy to crawl to the opening on the cart, where he proceeded to cut the rope from his ankles entirely. Malin scowled at him, pulling a little at his still-bound wrists out of habit, and obediently turned to follow the priest instead. White like the others and ten fold as grand, it was topped with a dome Malin knew, though dim in the darkness, was golden. The matter of being a sacrifice was far removed from his mind presently; he was still reeling from the thrill of realizing his dreams, albeit in a bittersweet manner. Some part of him still clung to that childish notion of immortality and invincibility. Soon, the wall around the city blocked out all but the tallest buildings again, and Malin stopped tilting his head back because it made him lean against the priest, which made him nervous. The roads were cobbled, but out of old stones, not out of gems, and, overall, nothing was the way the stories had said. They grew closer to the looming temple, but they bypassed the huge stone staircase that led up to the equally gigantic front doors and instead found a smaller, back door, where they dismounted and knocked. It wasn't a great deal warmer, but as least there was no breeze here. Malin could see a suspicious eye and a sharp nose peeking out from the space. Perhaps his dirty and disheveled appearance wasn't helping in making him look his age, though. She reminded him, suddenly and strangely, of the baker's wife, who often made his ears ring with her scolding. The baths didn't have jewel-encrusted feet, he noticed with a distant pang of disappointment as he glanced around. It reminded him of taking the buckets to the river this morning, which strangely seemed like it had been a very long time ago. Her voice was pleasant-sounding, if timid. he asked, although he already knew, and she knew he knew. She didn't sound happy about this. She glanced up at him, then quickly looked back down again until he had slipped into his own tub and was washing briskly with the sliver of soap he had found. His stomach growled at him insistently, reminding him that he still hadn't eaten today, and he rubbed at his wrists, which still stung. Maybe she was able to think of him like a brother just as he had thought of her as a sister. He looked back over his shoulder at Lori, who looked like she was torn between crying and calling out to him. The guard, who had heard his words and seen his looks, though, quickly took hold of one wrist and looked at him apologetically. Upon reaching the targeted door, the guard withdrew a key, which he used on the lock, and then propelled Malin inside before shutting and locking the door behind him. Malin wasn't sure exactly what he expected—probably another youth dressed in white robes—but what stepped through the door was certainly not it. The head priest cast his judging, slitted eyes over them all, not unkindly. With a bit of bumping and murmured words, they managed to form several short rows, and the head priest stepped forward and began inspecting each one. He had been so preoccupied with this that he didn't notice the head priest had detected his actions and was now returning to the front of the room. Well, regardless, he was not pure of heart—he stole and cursed and started fights and disobeyed his parents—so he had nothing to worry about after all. The child stood still, holding his breath, until the head priest moved on to the next boy. He waited, patiently, as the painted priest pressed a hand to Malin's heart and then passed on to the little girl and the older boy after her. He was aware that the others in the room were looking at him, some expectantly, some curiously, and some jealously. He would not be manipulated and forced into following what others deemed to be his destiny. He couldn't believe this was happening. It was also made clear that, should he get intimidated by the  and freeze up at the crucial moment, there would be guards standing by to  him. He had the distinct feeling that there was quite a bit going on around him, but he couldn't tell what. The guards turned him to face away from the stairs properly and shrunk back somewhere behind him. He swallowed and shifted. They had misunderstood her will. And, even if the Goddess did want his blood, as the High Priest said … well, she was kind and loving; even if he didn't pray to her as often as he should, he knew she would forgive him for wanting to live still. He just took several running steps and jumped, hoping the ground below was close enough that he wouldn't break his legs upon impact and could thus continue fleeing. He forgot he was holding a knife and struggled instead, trying to pull out of the warm hold. His long black hair, parts of it done in ornamental twists, was disheveled now and tangled about them both, and he wore, from what Malin could see, very decorative robes and a ceremonial hat. Malin had difficulty believing that this boy and his father had been the men he had heard about all his life. Malin looked back at the Goddess-Touched one he had inadvertently launched himself upon, as stunned as everyone else by this unexpected turn of events. How many different levels of blasphemy had he just committed? Malin was aware that his hand was shaking, so he pulled it away slightly so as not to accidentally knick the other boy's fair skin. When at last he hit the cobbled street, he ran and kept on running, regardless of not knowing where he was running to. He managed the next few steps but then leaned against the building again, and this time his consciousness fled from him entirely as he collapsed to the cobblestone road. Maybe the guards had caught him and summarily executed him after he passed out—or maybe everything past the bell ringing had been a dream, and he had really been sacrificed after all. Why could he still feel pain if he was dead? Perhaps this was divine punishment for threatening the Great Emperor. Then again, Malin couldn't seem to associate the young man with the Great Emperor in the first place, so it was probably fitting that his name seemed equally unsuited for such a great role. His hair was worn down simply, not braided or beaded or anything anymore, but he still had the same handsome face and the same pale, smiling eyes. he said, trying to sound confident but only managing to sound stubborn. Of course. Still, some part of him felt guilty for wasting food, even if this were a dream. Malin had never heard anything about the new Great Emperor being a child when he took the throne—he had always been told about the greatness and power of the two emperors, never anything else. It wasn't much different from when his mother kissed him, the few times she ever had, and yet it couldn't have been more different. What had just happened? Like a cornered animal, he did no more than turn and stare at the offending barrier with wide eyes. Hot water steamed in the tub, and she herded him toward it, picking up sponges and various bottles along the way. Something told him that trying to tell the intimidating woman that he could very well clean himself would be useless, so he tried his best to just enjoy the hot water and ignore the babying. He was just being put into his second shoe—or, at least, that was the way it felt—when a timid knock came at the door. he declared, and Lori's pretty face allowed a timid smile. she started. Tentatively, she moved closer still, not quite touching the bed, but hovering close to it and him. He wasn't the only one that gave Malin that impression, and this tutor was just more vocal about his opinions than others. Malin had long since gotten over the small bout of weakness he had fallen under, and, as a boy accustomed to working all day, whether in the cottage or outdoors, he was being driven mad by this idleness. The idea of painting had never occurred to him, but he thought he might try it some time, and so he hid the materials away to be experimented with when he was alone. He wasn't altogether sure what was required of him as a consort, and he wasn't sure he really wanted to find out. Malin shifted uncomfortably, not liking the way the young emperor was watching him. he said, and so began their first true bond of trust. And so, thus annoyed, he recited the alphabet once more and then, just as the tutor was about to complement him stingily, proceeded to recite it backwards just as quickly. He wanted, so much, just to go outside and run until his legs collapsed beneath him. There were hands on his hips, a tongue delving into his mouth, and Malin was torn between surrendering to the heat and screaming aloud in frustration over what was going on! he said unexpectedly. The atmosphere was still awkward, but both were ignoring it. Lori would have to wait a year or two until Malin had enough patience to attempt to paint the younger heir. She did, almost immediately, and now she had a series of suites for her, her falconer, and her children. He and Lori had a friendly and professional relationship, so it was a wonder that they could love their children as completely as they did without loving each other so wholly. He learned quickly then, put under the guidance of the court painter, and soon was doing well enough that Vasilis often requested portraits from him. It had been this son's coming into the world which had caused Malin so much distress and which had made him realize exactly how blessed he was. And Vasilis had always sworn to him that Malin was his one true companion and that he felt nothing for his secondary wives. By the third time, Vasilis was tired and worried enough that he gave Malin permission to travel escorted into the city whenever he wished. And he left, for the first time, without the intention to return. He hadn't been back to his village in the six years since he had been abducted from it. Standing there, he briefly thought about going to see his youngest sister, the one who most often sent him letters,—she was happily married and expecting a child soon—but some part of him refused even that. Standing by the old well in the town square and looking all around, he watched the few people move about and wondered how many he didn't recognize that he had once known. Malin thought he was more like a stray cat than a dove, but it still made him happy when the Vasilis called him that, even though he pretended to be displeased whenever he did. Just like how he hadn't noticed he had lost his country accent until he heard someone speaking with it again, he hadn't realized how much he had changed until he was reminded of what he used to be. He was no longer the foolhardy boy he had once been. He departed then, leaving behind more money than the inn fare could possibly be and deciding he would see one last thing before he left his old home forever. The dust from the road would turn its pristine legs rusty red, Malin thought absently, and he watched it come steadily closer. Malin smiled faintly, and when Vasilis offered his hand, he hadn't hesitated to take it. Vasilis started to pull away then, but Malin held his hand stubbornly and gave him a faintly beseeching look. It was a strange life he led, and it had its ups and downs, but in the end he had found happiness without ever realizing he had been looking for it. Okay? It was about proving legitimacy for one's children and assuring that the family line continued. Love and romance was an illusion. People are constantly changing and the dynamic between two people can change at the drop of a hat. That's just how it is. Most college students can attest to that. You would think it would make me feel uncomfortable to have a stranger standing behind me as though he had a right to be there. A man standing behind me, apparently interested in what I was studying. I'd never had anyone look at me in the manner that he was. With his eyes bearing into me, I couldn't concentrate for anything in the world. If he insisted on trying to unnerve me, then I was determined to not let him accomplish that. It was dizzying and overwhelming and it took a lot to shake it off. I was beginning to think there was something wrong with me. This guy was nothing special—the only thing he had was overwhelming confidence. We split up, each going in a different direction. The others I tried were locked, too, and I figured it was pointless to break in. They must have expected something like this. One by one, the other three members of our team showed up. he said. He likes mind games, what can I say? He smiled. he said. Sometimes I wonder if Rasen thinks in puzzles. I yelled. I yelled. We all knew what it was. But the strangest thing about him was his green hair. The creator of the virus. The professor's head snapped up. But these guns contained bullets made with raw forms of the virus that would temporarily paralyze us, long enough for a human to kill us the old fashioned way. And so we continued. I'm getting a head of myself, let me tell you how this all happened. I sighed and walked over to the door in my jeans and tight fitting t-shirt. I couldn't' get over how greedy some people were. Most people took the back ways, but some still risked the shorter journey through the wolf territory. If I had been bitten I would have been turned into a werewolf by the next full moon. None of the werewolves had tried, so I didn't know for sure if the height would keep them out. I quickly made my bed and grabbed my dress off the end of it. I looked really good in the dress. I nodded in satisfaction before opening my door and sealing my fate. There were two men in suits standing in front of my father's desk. My father shows embarrassment. Here my father goes quiet. I grab onto the seat tighter as I start to feel light headed. His eyes are a solid black and I cower away from him. I shrug. I was going to be forced to marry an animal. He says. I question his rights as my real father. ! Pete asked. A small town, people will ask". Being part of this site was definitely a highlight in my formative years. My views on a lot of things have changed in the past ten years, and I don't feel like I should leave these stories up anymore. She was getting rid of him at the first opportunity. Besides, she knew how they felt, and it never gained anyone anything to be mean. She'd be willing to bet that this scene - a bar crowded with drunken sorostitutes and guys who'd never learned to keep their hands to themselves - was as alien to him as an antibacterial wipe was to a germ. The major downside to this was that later, when people insisted that they'd told her some inane detail or the other, she couldn't exactly refute it, because chances were, they had. If Reese so much as looked over at her, she'd recognize the blank politeness on Morgan's face for the cry for help it was. But alas, she took after her mother and so it was not to be. She just didn't care. She turned to the poor guy who'd been doing his best to impress her. Which, in retrospect, was probably how she knew James. Why didn't she inspire this kind of reaction? And Reese just took it in stride. They'd all grown up together, gone to the same high school, and eventually ended up attending the university together. She smacked a wandering hand away from her hip, glaring behind her. Morgan was used to such occurrences. He was drunk enough that he didn't even make fun of her, just reciprocated like he was supposed to. When he resumed in English, his words had no accent. He jumped away before she could. She hurried after him. . Which might have something to do with why she usually ended up being the designated driver. That girl must make a hell of a lot of money. Still, she straightened a bit, her interest piqued. Reese wouldn't think he was attractive at all, but Morgan wanted to throw him down on the nearest table and do every lascivious thing she could think of to him. And when she noticed that his eyes were an incandescent green like you might see at the core of a fire, she realized that the only way she could know that was if he was looking at her. She couldn't even taste the vodka, thanks to the lime. She downed the last of her drink and smiled up at Braden, who chose that exact moment to return his attention. If there had been even a whole shot in that cranberry and vodka, she'd be surprised. She weighed the sanity of this decision, but her mind made itself up the second she saw James approaching determinedly out of the corner of her eye. Something about students? For some reason, that bothered her. she said. His hands were still in his pockets, so she could only assume that when he lifted his chin in acknowledgment, that was supposed to serve as the replacement. Or giggle, which was essentially the same thing. His lashes dropped, shielding his emotion from her, and she had to wonder if he was hiding an offensive leer. She shifted uncomfortably for a minute while debating whether to ignore them or continue the conversation. And besides, the university made it a little easier, since events and amusement were hardly scarce. To take the sting out of his next words, maybe? Iago glared menacingly at him, but Braden waved him off. And for once, she wasn't driving, so what did it hurt to take advantage of it? That probably should have bothered her more than Marc's freshly polished shoes, yet for some reason it didn't. Maybe New York? She took another sip of her drink. A quick survey of the room showed that she was nowhere to be found, at least in this section of the club. And while it was hardly the most distracting thing about him, it was distracting enough in its own right. And she knew Braden through Iago and then subsequently from an International Relations class she'd had her junior year. The second drink, still full, she shifted to her right hand. The use of his last name had been intentional, and from the amused twist of his lips, he knew it, too. His shoulders were suspiciously straight, which she knew meant he was waiting for Quinn's response. he offered. Morgan merely took a sip of her drink and waited for him to calm himself. And while he sounded like an American, his accent as thick as old oil, Iago understood him. Very good. she snapped. Her olive skin was flushed. she said, tugging on his sleeve. To Morgan's dismay, Quinn took the other side of the backseat, even though he was the tallest of all of them. He made that impossible, poking her just as Iago and Robert slid into the car. Honestly. he complained. After laughing openly at them until he realized it got no reaction, Iago made use of the quiet to sing loudly and off-key (almost) along with the radio. People greeted her as she went, and she was surprised by just how many people she knew. As she was setting the shot glass back on the bar, she felt more than saw someone come up behind her. He probably wasn't nearly as bad as she'd thought at first, but he'd touched a nerve with the ogling. Just as she was about to make her great escape, he ruined it for her. What would it hurt? Oh, well. Despite the freakish color, it tasted fabulous. - disappeared from her hand. How had that happened? Had she passed out? What in the hell had happened last night? . Yawning, she stretched, letting her arms uncoil lazily from beneath her body and her back arch. And more importantly, how had someone else ended up here with her? When I make myself look, no one will be in the bed beside me. I'm relying on you all to motivate me. Translations to follow. I suddenly faced my history teacher, who didn't look too happy. I'm a slacker, yet a good test taker, and that's all the counts in her class. I waved to his secretary and followed him in the familiar office. Yeah, there's always been at least one teacher I didn't get along with. I am so sick of school, and it's only been two months since I've been here. I tried giving him subtle hints that I liked him, though he never seemed to notice because he's had many girlfriends since then. I have no fricken clue, but it's annoying. When I neared the table of five guys, I focused on my dare instead of listening to the comments they started making when I walked up to them. Luckily, the kiss only lasted a few seconds, so I was walking away quickly before he could ask questions and before his friends could get any louder in their hooting. Once we were at her house, I said goodbye to her and drove straight home. Then again, they have more of a life than I do at the age of seventeen, so they could be at a friend's house while I'm home. But Tyler and he are close, even though Tyler is a sophomore this year. I waved goodbye to them since they were going to wait outside. I was just telling them to put their toys away and get ready for bed when Liam walked in the living room, searching for something. He stood there, smirking, in the doorway of my living room. I just wanted to say that I used to have a website with character pictures, but it's no longer active. For all I knew, after divorcing my father, she could have decided to play for the other team! Seriously, I would have preferred to hear that Chicken Little was right and the sky was falling down. Jeez, and I was called the smart one in the family. Call me mean, but that is just the honest truth. The way I see it, if you're going to go out of your way to complain about something, you might as well do it to the extreme and be damn sure you get your point across. . Any duplication, transfer or manipulation of the content of this is prohibited. Shattered lived in my head a long time before I ever put it into print and to repeat; as far as I am aware it is a work entirely of my own creation that hasn't been stolen from anywhere else. Instead she simply smiled brightly, pushing down the questions of exactly why Linda couldn't restock the skirts herself, and nodded her head. But really, she was sweet. It was amazing to her that people would spend hundreds of dollars on something so tiny and inconsequential, Stacey knew that if she didn't work here, she'd have never stepped foot inside the store. Only two more hours and then she could slip into her flats for the walk home. Maybe not management material, but still nice. Judging by the over-sized sunglasses and flash of lightbulbs that followed the girl, Stacey judged that she must be someone important. She was surprisingly friendly and Stacey soon found herself chatting to her while the girl unselfconsciously shrugged in and out of about twenty different outfits, trying to choose between them. That they'd keep her safe from him, and keep him behind bars forever. But when Cain Cross had come into her life, everything had changed. They explored each other's bodies hesitantly, kisses where they'd knocked teeth, fumbling hands ghosting over budding breasts. Stacey could still remember it all so clearly, the look on Matt's face as Cain had started to hit him, his fists blurring as they brutally destroyed the boy in front of him. He'd turned then, and smiled at her, and she knew it was her fault. She'd ignored every attempt at contact, spending most of her time in her room, trying to process when her life had taken such a surreal turn. How could anyone be so completely unaffected by taking a life? Before anything else, she sat herself down at her computer and googled his name, needing to know the full story of what had happened today. Cross is said to have joined one of the many Mafia syndicates whilst serving his sentence in the Maximum Security Correctional Facility he has called home for the length of his service, however it is only conjecture at this point to suggest it has any link to his release. It had been hard, carving a new identity, but she'd done it and he would never find her and disrupt it. Inside she might still be the same girl, but she was safe here, and she wouldn't let him ruin her life again. . The road was surrounded by a thick forest on either side. After a hectic few months, she had deserved some time off. Mia could feel herself relax as she parked her car. Mia pushed the thoughts to the back of her mind. She had tried to mask it, tried to avoid it, but still her heart felt broken. She shook her head as she clicked 'yes'. Her heart was pounding, as though just reading his name had brought it back to life. . They would have known what to do. Her breath shaking with nerves. With that she put the phone in to her pocket once more. it was a ring telling her who was calling. Mia pulled her phone out again and answered it. . he added as he-she took leave. Instead a boy (17 or 18, Noah guessed) walked through the door. It was perfect, it would suit their music, it had every possibility to complete their band, and most of all it would keep Noah's dreams more than pleasant, perhaps for the rest of his life. Not to mention he was eager for an excuse to strangle the lad in a death grip. Adrian had managed to block it out whilst scribbling on a napkin. He was sure to run his tongue over his lower lip after saying so. The simple touch prickled his fingertips pleasantly. Noah wasn't even sure if they were walking in the right direction. Their mutual warmth and the feel of Loki this close was enough to make his heart pound erratically in his chest. His heart slowed, but the tingly feeling in his fingers was still there. There was an unmistakable sketch of himself and Loki conversing at that same café table and written underneath was 'Noah plus Loki equals a heart. She held a cigarette in her hand without taking a single drag, while the sound of running water echoed from the dark corner just a couple feet from her. Her black hair did much the same. Her eyebrows furrowed, as she turned around to figure out what the sound was. came a voice from one of the guys. came a very smooth voice that reminded Althea of velvet against her skin or chocolate melting in her mouth. He made her look up at him; the light reflected in his eyes much like it would a cats pupils. for your support and taking the time to read! I slipped on my flat boots and went downstairs for breakfast. Therefore my mom is happy. A family dinner requires three or more. Do you remember? So I slowly turned down my stereo, and unplugged my Ipod. I on the other hand, have golden brown hair and brown eyes. You mess with us, we'll mess with you. I was late, again, but who gives a shit? Both Damien and I stood for our seats, and left the classroom, stares boring on our backs as we walked out. He's like one of those gorgeous 30 year old movie stars, he's like Brad Pitt, but he's not just a fantasy that you dream about meeting. I slowly walked to class, I had a late pass, so I could be as late as I wanted. Both Sarah and Macy are cheerleaders. Flaws in a guy are hot. School finally ended, and I drove home, exhausted from the long day. It looked good, which made me only wonder more what was going on tonight. Plus, Mr. Youngblood's son cant be too old, I mean, look at Mr. Youngblood himself, he looks like he could be 23! That would be the end of that. So when we passed Sketchy Brent and he happened to look right at me, I managed to squeak a,  and quickly looked away after he replied with a  and a nod, dragging Kelsey by the arm back to our dorm as soon as possible. I quickly turned around and walked faster, determined to put more distance between me and Sketchy Brent. He was a stalker (it was sketchy that I saw him everywhere) – and thus he was sketchy. I was a pretty good girl; I went to all (okay, most) of my classes, kept up with the reading, studied regularly, and partied only once a week to kick back. A simple 'Hi' was as far as we'd ever get. Hence we were so wrong for each other. The handshake determined how much I was going to like this person. At the end of lecture, Sketchy Brent closed his laptop and waited expectantly for me while I put my notebook and pens away. Absolutely no-freaking-way. Or maybe I couldn't say no to a challenge. Minimal effort necessary. Now I wondered how I would go about getting his number. Particularly our biology midterm. I was also aware that my heart was racing and I was sure my palms were getting sweaty. I hadn't had to go to too much trouble to finish any of these tasks, and what's more was that I was so fully enjoying this. I had a week to kiss Sketchy Brent – if everything went as I hoped it would, Sketchy Brent and I were scheduled to lock lips at his fraternity's end-of-midterms party on Thursday night (since Thursdays are the new Fridays and no one had midterms on Friday), which I was sure he'd be at. That probably should have scared me, but it almost felt like that's how I was supposed to be feeling. My chest suddenly felt light, and I realized I just how badly I was majorly crushing on this boy. Few people had this effect on me so early on in the friendship. Things couldn't get better than this. And when I tried to quiz him, he got most of the questions correct. I wanted him to do well, because he'd actually tried to learn this stuff in a few hours and he'd picked the gist of it up. Luckily, Sketchy Brent was there to help me stay standing. I wasn't too sure what I'd just said. Kissing him was every bit as steamy and hot as I could have imagined. ME! Not the other way around. Think of what I could do with that! I caught the end of their argument (something about Sketchy Brent's friend cheating on a bet) before Kelsey turned and was surprised to see me there. Also, thanks a million for your comments on Crash into You – all very encouraging and helpful! I thoroughly enjoyed writing this; it was a lot of fun all around. Don't forget to leave a review and tell me what you think! ooh, chapter 13 is coming out soon. . And they are all really just a pain in the behind. We took care of their needs. Anything for dad and Jakey. I needed some place quiet, just to calm the ridiculous beating of my heart. And dad will not have money to sustain his medication. We had a huge similarity, maybe that was why we loved each other. Maybe because Claire specifically didn't like me. I often day-dreamed about how it would be holding a pen all day and sipping coffee instead of carrying dusters and running in and out of rooms, sorting out copies for our executives. I earned enough as well, to send some for my father, for health and for our farm maintenance. But I sure was content. Hmm, maybe. I didn't know what the carpet felt like, the sound of the elevator… for god's sake, I didn't even know where the restrooms were! She was always laughing even in times that I needed her to panic, especially when I panic. Really not a good feeling at all. There were platinum plates on each, with their names and positions perfectly engraved. I regretted knocking softly, assuming that he might not have heard it. Hung on the wall were his recognition awards that shimmered gold even from afar. His hand was moving furiously across the paper yet his face looked at ease, as if it was a piece of cake. Or maybe, his slightly tussled brown hair that was artistically and beautifully piled on top his head. I then understood what Mr. Yukiso meant. I swallowed and told myself to ignore. He stopped writing and put his hand on his desk. I really didn't know what to feel. I felt the soft fabric of his pure gray carpet, I sat for a second on his leather loveseat and I even turned his huge touch lamp on and off. Green and white, blue with blue. I began panicking again. I came back and closed the door as quietly as I could. The look on his face was so much scarier than that. Before I could begin to apologize, he already interrupted me. I was so relieved when he dismissed me. It was a lot nerve-wracking than being scolded. But I wasn't a thief. With his money, he could have bought it right after I spilled, and it wouldn't have bothered him at all. So I locked the room, with the box in hand, and made my way to the ground floor where Jordy was waiting for me. He was sweating, and for the first time today, looking slightly alarmed. Now doesn't that sound a bit more reasonable? Instead, with his head down and hands shoved into his pockets, he escaped notice. Just thinking about the way my camera would capture the hidden sparkle in those eyes almost had me sinking to the ground in a liquid mush. So, instead, I sunk down into my seat and opened up my pack of sushi, eyes still on him. Finally, my guy split off and I raced up to him. Maybe I should just start calling myself Demi. My guy was looking nervous now, shifting on his feet. He eventually downed it, then smacked his hand over his mouth as he attempted not to throw up. Smiling mischievously, I began to mouth the words to him, accompanied by dramatic movements. Seriously, what guy had nice hair? I didn't trust him to make it back by himself, plus I didn't want the night to end just yet. I gently traced them as his eyes grew serious. When we arrived, he turned around. Instead of appearing at a window, he stumbled out onto a balcony. Who even wears heels to university? And this is why I preferred Jacob, who put up no pretensions or airs. He never would have snapped at me when we first met. I could almost feel my heart sink down. Usually, he would be dressed neatly in designer clothing but now he was just wearing a plain white shirt with no logo whatsoever. By cleaned, I mean I chucked all the random clothes and food wrappers into the backseat. I was more scared that they'd convince Jacob to view me the same way, and it was apparent that they hadn't done so. We entered the State Library and I quickly located the stairs before dragging him up to the roof, grabbing books out of my bag to prop open the door. Surrounding us were the sandstone buildings that I loved so much and the more modern buildings could be seen not too far away. I reached a hand up to the side of his face and held it there for a moment, before pushing lightly so he tilted to the side. He hardly said a word. Like, that was the last time he intended to see me. Now, if I followed him around, it really would be stalking since he didn't seem to want me bugging him anymore. That was what stalking was all about – following someone around who didn't want you to. I mean, you couldn't expect me to keep them to myself when Jacob was just… so… cute. I gave him a salacious wink, just to top it off. I'm not too sure if I like it, but I'd like to hear what everyone else thinks! Besides the soft voices of the women inside, there was an eerie silence that both scared and calmed him. After all this was his home, his wife, and he had ever right to be with her. Jacob couldn't even remember how or when he got to the house, it was all a blur, but he sent Hank to get the mid-wives and helped her to the bedroom where she would give birth to his child. He just wanted to be near her, even if the mid-wives wouldn't allow him in the room. It had been a painful pregnancy for Caroline, a couple times they expected her to loose the child, but she was strong and she told him there would be no way in hell that she would not give birth to her first child. He knew it was selfish of him, and cruel to think a baby wasn't there. Nothing in the world was going to stop him from marrying that woman, and when she was eighteen he proposed, and the most beautiful word he had ever heard sprang from her lips. Everyday he tried harder and harder just because of sweet Caroline, and there was no better reason in the world. The same smile that gave him hope and happiness every day of his life. Nicolette Caroline Beldin was his new angel, and he couldn't have more than one. The build up must be realistic, and believable. And then I found them, spinning around to shout back at him. O'Conner sent me a curious look that I ignored. It had always been that way, and it always would. Tonight's location? Until I fell in an open (and luckily otherwise unoccupied) grave. And then he stabbed me in the back, sleeping with my best friend and then leaving her broken hearted the next morning when he left without a word. I needed to calm down enough to think, enough to stop cursing—a habit that came out any time I was overly frustrated. Unfortunately for me, a year after I was officially hired, Aaron O'Conner joined the team. I murmured, defeated. I tilted my head back, looking up at the stars millions of miles away from us, letting the silence span, growing in awkwardness as the moments passed. The sky behind him was the lightening gray of the beginnings of a sunrise. Shock reeled through me, but I dismissed it quickly, elbowing Aaron in the side. And then it was replaced with anger as I spun around to face Aaron. Nothing? I hadn't thought it would be what the magazine would be looking for. And a confused one at that. Aaron O'Conner? It led to a point where I had forgotten why we had even fought at all, why I had even hated him. I now remembered why I hated Aaron O'Conner. A sigh which quickly turned into a gasp of shock when my door swung open revealing a smirking Aaron. My head tipped up farther, my breathing ragged, every breath pressing me up against his chest. And I couldn't even get out of the damned thing. My heart clenched any time that I saw him, and the wave of disgust that I used to feel had been replaced with one of heartbroken longing. That was the beginning of my downfall, and I knew it. Especially since I knew what a crush was, and how far the depths of  someone went, and this went far beyond that. I really, really should not have ignored that  light that had been flashing on my dashboard for the past couple of weeks. Throwing my phone down on the ground, I banged my head against the steering wheel in frustration and cried. I squinted through the rain drenched glass to see who the person was and nearly yelped with shock. I resisted the urge to push his hair out of his face. I was beginning to regret the words coming out of my mouth. I will hopefully rewrite this one. Good luck to all the contestants! Hate, hate, hate. Or bother to, for that matter. Scratch that, I was sure she would buy it. Then I heard my internal self yelling at me to run out of the store. Not really my fault. I let my eyes travel to the counter and the person behind it and understood what Reese was talking about. She insisted I put on the dress, and just to shut her up, I did. Frankly, my looks don't matter to me. There were so many people crammed into one mall, it was pretty mind-boggling! I didn't really look back; I was pretty much rooted to the spot. Right from his flawless face, to his gorgeous eyes, to his unruly hair. Wasn't he about to apologize to Alana or whatever anyway? Realizing how that sounded, I turned red. Ahem. He winked at me! I pulled it out of my pocket and saw I had one new message. It wasn't like we were going out anyway. So what's up between you and Alana? I'm not all that nice. groaned Reese. Unfortunately not. Damn, that hurts. I blushed and looked up. Finish Me Off  I shouted at my richly dressed stepmother. The mauve jacket she wore with white trousers set off her lightly tanned skin and her sage green eyes. Nothing new there. I mean I'm twenty. I know that sometimes they don't like me around, but I don't want to leave my home. I was paying my own rent; I had a job…why did I have to learn how to be a lady? Its just fate. My parents called it: The Hall of Mirrors. I was in shape, weighing hundred and eighteen pounds at my five feet five inches height. I sighed at my reflection and continued down the hallway. I wasn't all that popular with the guys. A black door closed off the bathroom from my bedroom. I jerked the azure colored phone out of its cradle on the third ring. She had been there for me whenever Brian broke my pathetic heart. So, it's a big deal in his book. Why didn't I think of this before? I dragged them in front of my bed and sat down on the settee by the window, waiting for Ellie. The house was pretty much always empty, except for the housekeepers and such. She dropped her violet purse on the floor and sat beside me on the settee, staring out the window. I would not cry. gorgeous. In the end, I had three suitcases of clothes and other boxes filled with CDs, sketch books, books and other items that had no category. I didn't want to have to say good-bye. I rubbed my temples with my fingertips. --- no, don't think about him, Scarlett. I'll be the foreigner. My flight was at six AM. I let the dark oblivion of sleep cloud my mind and pull me back. Sorry about those mistakes! Or rather, those who called themselves my friends during the first five minutes of my arrival at the boarding house told me. Little girls were not allowed to cry, if they did they would be beaten, and then they would have something to cry about. And no, before I continue on, I never knew why she hated me and I never asked. It only just showed the swell of my breasts. Just in time for Whitney to arrive in her car. She was slightly smaller than me, maybe around 57. I shudder before walking over to the bar with my best friend. I could swear that my throat was burning by the end of it, but who cares? He introduces himself as Alexander and asks me what my name was. Our tongues mingle as we fought for dominance, his hands searching my body freely, same as mine on him. He was grinding against me, causing me to let out a soft moan as my hands travel up his top to find a defined six pack under there. He gently slides my dripping pants off before kissing my inner thigh and attacking my hot centre with his tongue. Almost as if I was made for him. He obviously read the unspoken question on my face as he went into an explanation. I assume he was just going to ask me to leave, but it surprises me when he pulls me into his arms. But so sudden! I hope you enjoy and please review. . He just wanted it to end. Apparently, today was his day to get his kicks from the 'fat kid'. It was their friends turn. Nolan knew his eyes were either numb or blurred with pain while the other kid looked like he just ran a marathon. The pain stayed, pounding through his throbbing head. He felt a nudge at his foot and his eyes snapped open, hoping the kid would give him a break while he deal with the pain. His confusion quickly transformed into panic and a second later, fear. There was nothing there except pitch black. His entire world had the light shut off and he couldn't see anything. Noah stayed on his spot against the ally wall and cried, praying his sight would return and nothing would be dark again. He shakes the tears away and briskly reminded himself, I am not that seven year old kid I am not alone. He shifted so Mrs. Edgecombe couldn't see the tears already running down his face. Trentsville took away his sight, what else could they take away from him? Thoughts. She couldn't understand how he did it because she knew she herself could never go through what he did and be as optimistic as he is. It meant Nolan was serious about trying to live. In its place is a solid brick wall leading up an alternate route to the door. Mostly though, she looked like she was still surprise and was waiting for the mirage to drift away. After a minute, Noah's dad comes up to them and forces her to let go of him so he can hug Noah. There have been many times when they had called the Baileys and told them their son was coming home only to give another call to say it wasn't going to happen. It was almost like they were afraid it would break their fragile son, and while Mrs. Edgecombe could describe Noah as many things, fragile wasn't anywhere on her list. Her eyes flashed over to Mrs. Edgecombe looking accusingly at her. Noah stopped and sniffed the air. Mrs. Edgecombe had tried to get him to come out in his decision but he was a rock when it came to that. He turned to face his mother, no sunglasses to mare his beautiful eyes. Mrs. Edgecombe could see how much better both of them were and even more so for Mrs. Bailey, whose son was returned and safe under her roof. With his face set in her mind, Mrs. Edgecombe turned to leave. Pulling out of the driveway and then Trentsville Mrs. Maria Edgecombe could only pray that Noah would be better off this time around. Let me know what you think. Glancing at the digital clock on his dresser, I knew if he didn't get out soon, we'd be skipping breakfast and I'd be driving my beat up Corolla en route to school like it was a Ferrari racing the next Formula One circuit. Had I been male, the purpose of the satin blue rectangle would have been to hide my…discomfiture. And, oh dear, was his black towel coming undone at his left hip? Instead, I had to resort to Staring Hard, and hoping the tiny corner of the towel would unfurl. This bad boy knew what was coming—no pun intended—and faced it like a man. ' over 'Is he or isn't he naked beneath his towel? If he did it more often my brain would be a pile of pornographic mush. Or, maybe I'd make him wear his lunch for the rest of the day? So, no, no food fights. Or no hot sexy Pierce in the next chapter for you! Then once they'd tried it, they found that it wasn't really what they'd wanted in the first place. They weren't stuck living with the consequences of an ill-considered choice. Never grow old, never weaken, never die. Everything you'd ever known, everyone you'd ever loved, gone forever. Of course, he wasn't really sure they understood it even then, because that was the point when they ceased to be men, and became monsters instead. So instead he made his own path, his own method of coping. Either one had to avoid life altogether, or embrace it. Then there was one who had somehow managed to embrace it, and yet still had not fallen into madness. he asked, his voice softer, somehow, than it had been before. Sebastian, as ever, defied convention. Thank you H. M. Taffy, your review came at the right time! And yes, that scared me. Janet Jackson and I don't think so. That was true, but it still didn't give her the right to school me about college life like she had even been to college. I was excited to be going to university, but I couldn't help being scared at what was in store for me, particularly in my residential hall. Where the hell was everyone? ' on the tiled floor. He'd only been a few minutes behind me and my suitcase wasn't that heavy! Unfortunately, the small noise made him turn his face in my direction (up till that point, he apparently hadn't seen me) and I found myself looking into the bluest eyes I had ever seen. Was this uncomfortable or what? How long did it take for him to get it like that? Was I really standing outside my dorm door, being checked out by a gay guy who wanted to know what hair product I used? But you know Scott, he's as gorgeous as he is oblivious. Thankfully, this wasn't the case. Alan did laugh like that. The funny thing was that Scott didn't seem to notice that fruity Leon wanted a piece of his hot ass. Good thing I wasn't scared of heights. That wasn't the way to make a good first impression. It didn't look like a girl and her boyfriend had just had a short but hot make out session on it. saying goodbye to my friends had been easier than I expected. Meet the roommates. she asked me. Scary thought. I was going to find out that she did that a whole lot. . Some things just weren't meant to be seen. I wasn't feeling confident right now- I was scared. We weren't together because he was white and I was black, we were together because we loved each other and that, to me, was all that mattered. And that mattered, right? She smirked at me. Character pictures are up on my website, and if you want to become a member, please do, by all means! On with the madness! But, most of all, I remember the day they came. At least seven feet tall they stood, but every part of them was covered. Hearing screams everywhere. I remember being pulled out of the pen and being guided off the ship, blindfolded and still naked. It hurt like nothing I'd ever imagined possible. It hurt so bad. The only memory I got rid of was what those horrible creatures looked liked, but the rest haunted me. There were only a few differences from the original experience. Trust me, you'd rather have the machine in you than a gargantuan dick covered by a two inch thick metal case. Once we'd been raped by the machine, only a few hours passed before we were erect again and taken away. Human sperm is a delicacy. I am a sex slave, farm animal, and part of an endangered species. . well, he's a bit of a playboy. I don't know, argue about it, or something". I'm 19 years old. It's not a big deal. Please do not store or print without permission. That's me. That, however, isn't for very long. The weird thing is, Mom and Dad seem to always end up traveling to the same place, so they have a healthy relationship. And I passed. Not that I'm saying I'm dumb or anything, so don't get any ideas. I know that it wasn't that way, but it kind of felt that Lily and Anna abandoned me, even though I know, deep down in my heart, that they didn't. Way to go, Bri, you've just made my phobia even more real. The result is that I look incredibly plain. That way, no one can come in and hurt or abandon me. Yeah. Maybe, if one day I want to be vain, I'll change that. So now the company is called Saber/Tyler Co. It's not very original, but it'll do. But, Michael's nicer now. I don't really know anymore. This should only take a month or so. Talk about being unlucky in love. Instead, he used his free hand to reach up and run his hands through my hair, just like he did every time he was drunk. He'd turn away and pretend that he didn't see me and that was what killed me. He was wearing an Underarmour spandex shirt at the time, giving me an almost perfect view of just how toned his muscles were as he lifted the heavy boxes from the trolley onto the table in the common room with ease. I immediately began blushing and slammed the door shut when I saw a small smirk slip on his face. I even had Financial Accounting with him, but he sat down next to a friend on the opposite side of the room I was on. The words I had wanted to scream were lost in my throat as I was rendered speechless by his gorgeous face. he asked, tossing me a water bottle from the fridge. He asked, his dark brown eyes gazing down at me. We never ran out of topics to talk about and week by week, I found myself falling for him on a deeper level. Other times, he'd have what I assumed were phone numbers written on his hand but I never cared. I made the mistake of walking up to him and trying to start a conversation because his reaction was beyond cold. Less than ten hours later, he was acting as if he'd never seen me before. I swung open the door while I still had a toothbrush hanging out of my mouth and almost gagged on it when I saw Ryan standing at my front door. He turned towards me, his dark eyes not blinking as I instinctively took a step backwards into my room. Not liking the way that his touch and his words were affecting me, I untangled myself from his arms. Even as his buzz wore off, he sat next to me on my bed, betting on which one of us could guess the outcome of each episode. I felt a little bad about dragging him away from what appeared to be an interesting night, but I couldn't say I was disappointed to note that he had left that behind to be with me. Of course if it were a normal day, I wouldn't even have the opportunity to talk with him. he grinned, bringing both of his hands to my waist. I whispered and immediately I wished I could take it back. He groaned, letting his fingers slide under the straps of my bra, gently pushing them down my shoulders. I couldn't stop myself from tangling my hands through his soft hair, loving the low moan that vibrated through his chest. I could feel his hand against the material of my bra as I pressed against him to get us as close together as possible. I ignored his plea until he grabbed my hand, instantly stilling me. Unfortunately, this one didn't quite pan out like the last one we had. The only ones I had come to know were his non-fraternity brothers in his suite. He said, his voice much lower and more threatening than I'd ever heard. the stranger with no regard for personal space asked, leaning his face towards mine. I started to say, but Ryan curtly cut me off. Even if he didn't want to introduce me to his friends, there were so many better ways to get me to leave. he said, leaning down to my whisper in my ear,  He bit my earlobe gently just as he pushed my hips tightly into his. Even though my back was turned to him, I could hear the edge in his voice as he spoke; did he really want me away from his friends this badly? She ended with a giggle, flinging her arm over my shoulders. To say it stung was an understatement; I'd never had my heart crushed into such tiny, unfixable pieces before in my life. She knew how much time we spent together, but she also knew how he maintained ridiculous restrictions on when and where we could be friends. Tapping it against the wall, my ID inside unlocked the door and I guided her in. Despite the shitty way he had treated me last night, I still wanted to see him. I tried to ask as indifferently as possible, grabbing a bottle of water from our fridge. Bolting our door so I could come back in easily, I stepped out into the hall and knocked lightly a few times on our neighboring suite's door. He said, smiling softly at me, maybe hoping that would soften the blow of his words. In fact, I spent the next seven hours tossing and turning until I was sick of the sunlight pouring in through my window. I might as well try and socialize in order to regain some sort of sanity. In front of me was probably the last thing I needed to see this morning. It wasn't there the last time I saw him, which probably meant that it was between the time he left me that night and now. I don't even think the word heartbreak was the proper term to describe what I was feeling. He could easily come into our suite if he wanted to; I had given him an extra copy of our key and he knew the code for the keypad. Instead, I focused my energy on gripping my mattress tightly. That did little to comfort me though, knowing that it was still there. I continued when I was able to find my steady voice again, staring straight at his face as I spoke. he retorted, seemingly disregarding everything except some of the last few words I said. I said quietly, shaking my head as I stood idly by my bed. he finally hissed, staring down at my bed. He faced me again, this time his eyes ablaze with anger. I asked quietly. Ryan took that moment to situate his legs on either side of mine, effectively trapping me between my bed and him. I knew I had his attention now, so I did my best to keep the momentum going. He tried deepening the kiss, but I finally managed to clear through the fog in my brain and pushed him back. I snapped, the last of my patience disappearing faster and faster. If he had told me seven months ago, I wouldn't be this angry and certainly he wouldn't have gone out and hooked up with some other girl. He took a step forward, but I quickly held up my hand to stop him. Hell, for all I knew, he wanted to keep me as his hook-up buddy that no one else knew about. Maybe it was better off this way, because whatever friendship the two of us had wasn't even a true relationship. …Three weeks. The pattern repeated and before I knew it, April was coming to an end and May was just around the corner. It was a bit noisy to concentrate, but I did my best to enjoy the afternoon. I realized then that I couldn't let him affect me like this; I wasn't about to be one of those girls who let their academic accomplishments suffer because of a guy. He said again and I felt the book get plucked out of my hands. I grumbled. After all, I'd already experienced firsthand how much of a douche bag Jordan was the very first night we met. I yelped, slapping his hand away. Why didn't guys realize that it was far more attractive to be nice than to be a complete asswipe? Had I heard him right? At least he could see that. My God, he was still capable of making me melt on command with just the sound of him speaking. Anger was written all over his face, down to the sneer curling on his lips, but in my eyes he was still the epitome of beautiful. He stepped between my legs, pushing his pelvis against mine. I had no idea what was going on in his mind. Luckily, he was now hickey-free and I temporarily forgot what I was thinking about when my eyes scanned down his toned torso. He ground his hips into that one point on my body and suddenly all I could think about was feeling that sensation while he was moving inside of me. No matter where his hands were, I was highly aware of every touch of his fingers driving me insane. Gathering every last bit of determination, I found myself able to shove him away as memories of that morning filled my mind. I tried to subtly wipe away the tears, but based on the frown on his swollen lips, I knew he saw the tears. His lips brushed against my ear lightly. I trailed off hesitantly. The kisses were so agonizingly tender that I thought my mind was conjuring them up for the sake of maintaining my sanity. I mumbled into his shoulder as he just laughed. I wanted to move past all of this with him by my side, not dwell on everything that had happened. As we sat in silence with him slowly combing his fingers through my hair, I couldn't help but think that all the shit we'd been through was worth this one quiet and serene moment. Was he that afraid that I wouldn't want to be with his friends after everything he'd said about them? My mind began spinning again as I leaned my head back into his neck, shutting my eyes as his fingers trailed up and down my leg. I murmured, gripping his hands as I spoke. I teased, knowing fully that I'd get a reaction from him. He towered over me as his fingers tangled themselves in my hair, pulling my head back just slightly so I had nowhere else to look but at his face. Hopefully those will be done soon. . . your wedding night". . compare"! now she didn't know if she'd live through the day. ". Now that he was the only male grandson between the age of seventeen and forty still unmarried, he had no doubt as to what her purpose was. Isn't finding a suitable girl an accomplishment itself? Throughout her life she's seen and experienced love from the people around her, and she grew up surrounded by it, but never had she craved the love of the person next to her as she did before. She thought Jack had been the one, then Felipe from Spain, and the dozen other ex-boyfriends she's had, but they were absolutely trash next to Nathan. He played the guitar like the gods made the instrument for him. What was important was that the bliss they shared would continue forever. Her cousins, who were more like siblings, and her aunt would make a fuss, but they would eventually forgive her for running away. She could've taken the private jet, but she thought it would be more romantic eloping on her midnight blue convertible. It wouldn't matter if she was disinherited for failing to make her husband-to-be sign the papers or for marrying without her family's blessing. She handed him her gold card with a smile. So please, tell me what you think. On our school's football field. In your toilet, where you'd smoke and I'd watch, and we'd grin childishly to ourselves, because your mama would never know (or so we assumed). On my bed, where you'd sleep like a pig, beneath the pink comforter. An almost-lover. Because it meant more time spent with you. All you had to do was pay the bill, sit down at some corner preferably where I wouldn't be able to see you (and consequently, getting the urge to suffocate you to death), and wait till I serve your orders. And well, maybe I did sort of give you the look when you gave me a hundred dollar bill, way too big for a single nine-ninety frappuccino. I think I looked like a kid trying to grow a moustache and be a man. Shit I'd better not lose my job. I blanched and spun around in slow motion, wishing I could just dig into a hole and die at that exact moment. What the hell? And eventually the girl falls for the guy, only to realize that he had been pining after her since the first day they met. Splendid. But apparently you just wanted to get me into detention so that I could accompany you for two hours which you managed to find yourself in, because you were late for one of the classes where the teacher emphasized on punctuality. People would look at us as though we needed rehab. We'd strike a chord and come up with a random melody, and soon enough we were composing songs together, where I'd sing and you'd play. Which later on developed into some kind of hatred when you told me that madam asked me to tutor you. I gave in eventually, and our short half an hour tutoring turned into longer two hours (sometimes six) of me trying to crush useful information into that thick skull of yours. Your life. I smiled, a smile that was almost too hyper. , when I was half asleep, mum led you up into my bedroom, and the moment the door swung open, I caught a whiff of something that smelt like… something. I looked at you, curious. But I couldn't, because that stupid spasm of pain hit me again, and I winced. I looked at you, helpless. Your voice was quiet, but so was the room. I want us together. It was raining cats and dogs. So I waited again, patiently, for the time to pass and for you to come around. You were out. The line was silent before you shouted again. I pressed the red button to end our conversation. (Written on the 7th of November, 2008. --The final piece: You left. It spelt nothing but those pretty four letters that I now abhorred with undeterred passion. I wanted to chase you away, wanted to curse you and make infinite voodoo dolls with your names on it, the cause of all those tears that you'd never be able to brush off gently using your thumb, like I wanted you to. Are love fools usually this bitter? Die. Like they always do. You know I love you right right? -The awesome one. Loves! They had been dating for five months, and Gretchen already had an inkling in her mind that he would ask her to marry him. She would have security and never want for anything. She had to make a good impression with these people, since that would potentially be her future husband's co-workers. Even though she was wealthy and had the means where she didn't have to driver herself, there was something there that told her she was being unrealistic. It was also the reason why she was stuck in the outskirts of New York City on the side of the road. The girl at the register eyed her black dress and shoes with much awe. The kid, Michael, was still learning the ropes so Jake had stuck him with the 2001 Dodge that needed an oil change, brake change, and needed rotated tires. It should be serviced more often instead of the owner waiting until 'it made a funny noise'. He could hear Gloria talking to another woman in the lobby, and pulled the door open to see for himself what was going on. Her blond, straight hair was curled into a sophisticated knot in the back on her head, she wore diamond earrings that he would stake his business on were real, and a long dress coat. Fixing people's problems was what he generally ended up doing, since a car was usually the center of someone's life. He took in the sorrowful look on Gretchen's face and new leaving her with Gloria was the best thing for her. Abe couldn't even send a car for her because it was a blizzard outside and the roads were closed. How dare he presume that she didn't know what was better for herself? She took the doughnut, and bit a huge chunk out of it. He was well toned and muscled from years of working in the garage, and had gray eyes that seemed to know everything. He was blond, usually dressed in suits, and wouldn't set foot in a car garage if he had a gun to his head. Nothing to worry about. Careful not to smudge the mascara, but enough to clear the away the tear. He wasn't going to reprimand her for being stupid, he was only trying to help her. We had been at this all afternoon, and I was still not changing my mind. I fell backwards, enjoying the softness that surrounded me. I studied my friend. It made loads of girls jealous. What had I gotten myself into? Monica never let me forget what he did every time I mentioned his name. Monica laughed. I loved shopping and it was my one weakness. I loved my room; small or not. Guys and their perverted ways. The ground floor was overflowing with people going in and out. She could seem gothic at times, but other times she was like every other prep; though her attitude was way better. I only hoped that I could fool the bouncer because I looked way younger than her. My shirt was a little low cut and I pushed my arms under them, trying to make them more noticeable. It made me wonder if they got knocked out in a fight with one of the clubbers causing some trouble. They were playing a song I had never heard before. I hated it when she did that and she knew it. I asked, starting to get nervous. He smiled at me and motioned me over as soon as we entered the room. I got offered a drink, which I at first refused, but soon found myself drinking it anyway. I had a bad feeling about this. The music downstairs was blasting even louder and there was no one around to help me. I didn't even want to come and now I was being attacked by a vampire – something that wasn't' even supposed to exist. I kicked him with my left foot and started crawling away from him. By now I was screaming, hoping for someone to save me, but it was futile. I swung my arms and fists at him, but I couldn't reach him on my back. I started feeling weak as the blood was drawn from me and I was used as a doll for this sick pervert. I fell into sweet nothingness as my body relaxed. my body ached all over and I had multiple bruises. I turned on the TV just as the news came on. I would never be able to tell anyone what happened to me; not that anyone would believe me anyway. My father kissed my hand and retreated to his chair. I missed my friend more than anything and wished she were alive here with me today. I saw Monica's mom and walked toward her. I said, walking down from standing on the small stage. I saw Monica's mom and walked toward her. I could see she was struggling to remain strong, but her resolve was failing. They were in deep conversation and I waited for them to notice me. I walked with him to the car. I soon feel asleep, exhausted from the long day and all the crying. I was retreating into my shell and hiding my pain behind a mask of indifference. I didn't like their pity, nor their attempts to become my friend. I went off on him and he never brought it up again. It just wasn't possible. I didn't meet her eyes. He glared at me. I didn't want anyone knowing I had been raped. I followed the nurse, my mother right behind me. I grabbed the box from her and followed her direction to the bathroom. I opened the bathroom door and ran for my room. I had had enough of murder and was not about to kill me baby. i'll try to have the next chapter out by the end of the month, but dont' count on it ;) lolMidnightWriter2012PS: If you haven't checked out Haybell's stories, then please do :) especially if you like werewolf stories! Dieting doesn't work for me: I'm too picky with my food for most diets and I have no willpower. At least not my bed. But hey, with a guy who looks like him, you kind of have to wonder what he sees in a girl like me. I've told him he could make millions if he just sold the secret on how he achieves this, but he just gave me the look I have come to define as the just-smile-and-pat-her-head look. Actually, he'd looked up when I'd dropped the books, laughed, shook his head, and gone back to work. It is such a relief to be totally yourself with someone, and even stranger that I could be that way around someone who looks like him. Hunter says that the name is fine, and that I'm anything but a boring person, but then again he's in my bed right now, therefore I don't think I can trust his judgment. He may laugh at the stupid things I do accidently and more often than not fail to help me get out of a bind, but he always steps in when I'm really in trouble. Well, actually I find it very hard to read him, but one of his friends said that Hunter had admitted to him a few days later while very inebriated. She does track. He sees that I am sitting up in bed, and frowns. Hunter rolls his eyes. I smile and try to press myself even closer to him. It felt like days passed, but more realistically it is more like a few minutes before he pulls away. In the really, really good way. Thanks! His roommate, Scott Winthrop, was truly a sight to behold -there was no doubt about it! He squeezed the tip of his aching cock through his jeans and moaned quietly at the shiver that ran up his spine. Damien caught it before it could hit him in the face and grinned broadly, winging his blond eyebrows at the studly brunette before running a tongue suggestively around his lips. Damien grinned to himself as he unzipped his uniform pants and started stroking his dripping cock roughly, determined to get his rocks off before his roomy showed back up. Scott was definitely an effective bit of inspiration! He knew that if he got there too late that he'd be stuck with nothing but cold cereal again and he really hated that nasty shit! Hard. This piece of shit had been giving him a hard time for a while now and he was just fed up. Not cool. So, when he heard the stern voice of his savior behind him, the relief that washed over him was immeasurable. Scott missed the silent exchange as he dragged Damien up by the neck of his shirt and brushed him off, and then shoved him back towards the lunch line. Dreading the lecture he knew was coming, he mumbled for James to 'fuck off' and then cut line in front of him. And as bad as James thought he had it now, what he had to deal with here was a hundred times better than the shit he put up with back in Indiana! He was a red-blooded 17-year-old boy after all! And besides, it wasn't like Scott was gonna magically turn gay and give it up or anything. Damien greeted his sex god with a sunny smile and a wave. Damien licked his lips at the sight, but Scott ignored him as they headed across campus toward to main school buildings. It made him feel special, and for the millionth time he wished the hottie quarterback was into guys. That might just work! He'd have to talk to James about it later, but with any luck he'd be the one Scott was dancing with and touching tomorrow night. When lunchtime finally rolled around, Damien was in a pretty good mood and looking forward to their 'get together' when he headed out to search for James. As soon as it was open, they both stumbled in and starting snatching at their clothes. Then he ran his tongue playfully down his friends thin neck, and rubbed an erect nipple through James' shirt, before holding out a hand for a condom. He sucked him into the back of his throat and swallowed around the tip as James moaned and bucked his hips. James slid bonelessly to his knees and slipped the condom off his spent erection before pushing Damien onto to his back and leaning over him to return the favor. He knew it was over the second the pressure reached the tip of his swollen mushroom head and Damien forced down his cry of pleasure as he shot his load. They finally met up at their usual table, and James seemed to have gotten over his pouty mood, so Damien started gushing about what had been on his mind since he'd talked to Scott earlier. James thought about it seriously for a minute and then smirked as his eyes filled with a lusty gleam. Damien is in the house! After the crisis was over, he made his way back to the room and waited patiently on the bed for his 'date' with Scott later that evening. Scott glanced up when he came through the door and gave Damien one of those award winning grins that lit up his strange violet eyes, and then turned to the closet and pulled out a fresh T-shirt. How could any man be this sexy and still be allowed to walk around in public? Then Damien looked up at his Adonis with a sexy grin and licked at his lips invitingly. Then they sat there, cramming down their food for several minutes of silence, until Damien could build up the nerve to ask Scott about the homecoming dance. This thought convinced Damien to stick with the plan. Still, Damien wanted to make sure he covered all the bases. This was gonna be easy as pie! Still; we have to all wear the same thing so that we can appear to be uniformly retarded. Yaysville. I've participated in the group over two hours ago, but one of my friends was in the duet, so I thought to go check out the scores posted in the cafeteria. Yeah, baby. I heard that they sang something from some movie on that one, but that one of them was a bit off-key; Jilly went and watched that one, I think. Because we suck. You know, where they drag down the eye and corner of their mouth. Aw, don't turn away! Lips moved against each other for a few sizzling moments, and then he pulled back, his eyes laughing. ! I was miserable. The worst part of summer was definitely the first day. When I was a little kid, family vacation was cool. The plan was hatched. ". . ". There went another furnishing. . . how rare"? . ". "I prefer it here. ". . . Jinx". ". A tangle-vine. affectionate when you struggle". . hadn't been pretty. fitting". . ". ". . . . Jinx"! . ". odd somehow. ". . . . . ". Not now. He grinned. . . no, no, not a good idea, that. Number two, the effects it had on Oliver that he was the son of a bishop. I wiggled my feet a little, and then began to move them in time with My Baby Just Cares for Me, which was still on my mind since I last listened to it. My mother immediately invited them over for dinner, and the rest is history. I had a little more muscle than he did, maybe that was why. It seemed like he was towering over me, though of course he wasn't. She looked at us curiously as we put our bags and jackets on our respective beds. When she fell silent, I looked at Oliver for a translation. On account of his familiarity with spoken Chinese, we had both started viewing him as somewhat in charge of things. He smiled at her in a way that would have been flirtatious if it had been from any other man in the universe. Not enough to get us drunk, but enough for a bit of a buzz. Oliver had a very nice arse, and whenever I had had a few, I found it difficult to keep my hands away from it. I knew what he was thinking. As the train was rocking back and forth, I decided to grab onto the pole with one hand, lean forward and aim for the hole. I was tired. Not the slightest bulge. The man was a walking cock-tease. It felt too good. In the end, I just thought, fuck it. I jabbed at the duvet with it a couple of times, before wrapping my hand around it. he grinned. As I roughly climbed in, she gave me a disapproving look with her icy blue eyes narrowed. A flow of dark chocolate locks escaped from the enclosed space finally giving my scalp oxygen. I rolled my eyes as I turned out the window, watching the small town that I grew up in fly by. Nothing in their conversation could possibly interest me even though Cam tried to sound like it was the most exclusive conversation ever. I retrieved my skateboard from the trunk and entered the house after her. No questions were asked. Not many take the time to glance my way twice anyway so it doesn't really matter. Mom got stuck with the gossip section, unfortunately in my opinion. If it weren't for the eyes, you wouldn't tell that the same blood ran through our veins. she simply said. With that she pranced out of the kitchen. That's what I hate about her job, interfering with someone else's life that she clearly doesn't belong in and is not wanted, trying so hard to be someone that she's not so she can impress everyone. Honestly, she could make it big if she actually applied herself. Something about it calls to me and makes my eyes open to things that I never saw before. Every move is one fluid motion like a stroke of a paintbrush, and it calms me completely. The sun was hidden from the tall buildings but reflected from the glossy windows. When I do, I want the piece to be meaningful and flawless… something that reflected me. Advice and constructive criticism is welcome. Rory had blanked on the guy's name, as they had been introduced far too early in the morning for him to remember. Apparently yes. He was short and slim at only fourteen, he had yet to hit his growth spirt and fill out. But not golf. They spoke in hushed tones for a moment, before Kristen sent an accusing look at Rory. Trash cluttered the back seats. Blond alpha-male sat at a stop sign for a good five minutes before finally getting in the momentum of traffic. He dropped his backpack and headed for the kitchen, grabbing a desert power bar out of the cabinets. He hadn't been out of the house in a while. It caused him to squint under the sun most times, until his eyes adjusted. He inspected himself in the full length mirror hung on the back of her door. He set his iPod up in it's dock and began to play music through the house. Sticky notes would just scream for other people to look there. Rory imagined the blond alpha-male being one of the men in frequent attendance to the nude gyms, showing off his body. It made him more curious than he wanted to be. He sprawled out on his bed and flipped to a page on the swine flu and it's migration into America. He would just have to stick to his limited circle of friends. His curiosity begged to read more about the ancient Greeks and their practice of homosexuality. Blond alpha-male smiled awkwardly and gave a small wave. He even tried to socialize with Rory. he commented playfully. He ruffled the back of his mid-length blond hair, eyes averted, trying to think with his pea-sized brain. Rory glowered but said nothing more. People must like him a lot. Rory asked, some girl he vaguely recognized. And she did. Mixed with water, he let the translucent colors spread out over the page. Solid black and thin colors. At that point, Rory stopped and looked at the time. It took some time to find what he was looking for. Rory felt awkward looking at it and logged off the computer. Then she immediately turned in her seat, nailing Rory down with her eyes. he stated. Rory attempted to hide for the rest of the drive home. Deacon repeated. Rory let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding. The whole city of Sacremento was annoying, actually. Not that my mom had been keeping her's charged yet; it was either dead or turned off everytime I tried to call her. . My sister, you see, is kind of a slut, a whore, whatever you want to call her. I swear, she's going to get us all raped and murdered by the end of the week. Whoever the guy was, rapist or not, he had my vote. please, please not me. Well, it already was our kitchen, it just wasn't full of our shit yet. Erm, well, you get what I mean. He mostly looked uncomfortable, though. None of our neighbors were that nice on the first day of us being somewhere. Maybe knowing this boy wouldn't be so bad after all. REALLY gross, that's how gross. ' I pulled out something decent to wear and threw it on my bed. I pinned my hair back because I didn't feel like washing it before we left for dinner. No more pretending to be impressed at stupid things. I simply continued to live my life normally, and all was well my world without boys. But man, once a guy saw her, he never saw anything else again. Well, she didn't actually make a December Third Resolution, but you get the general idea. So I smiled with fake-enthusiasm. Riley's new boyfriend. How selfish of me. Almost had an unhealthy obsession with it, you might say. Even if I had told her, she would have laughed and thought I was joking. He belongs to the Energizer battery people. in the middle of the subway. So how could I play it? Could you honestly tell that I haven't had fun in quite some time? You were there with your friends, waiting to watch a horror movie and I was there with my niece, waiting to watch a movie about ponies. You were in 12th grade, I was in 11th. I smiled as I introduced you to my niece and you asked if I had taught her how to play Mario Kart yet. But, I made sure to say thank you anyway. A Mario Kart junkie. But, I found it strangely cute. We were sort of best friends at this point. And I thanked you. You were my cliche escape from this frustrating world, away from our prestigiously rich high school where I struggled to keep my scholarship, away from my messed up family that didn't love me except for my sister and niece, and away from my work where my boss hated me and made sure to over work me until I cried. You pressed your lips to my forehead, brushing my bangs away. You looked anywhere, but towards me. I told you about the look in your eyes whenever you talked about her, like how we met the second time. I couldn't tell you how even on the sunniest of days, it would seem as if the clouds had come in and rained, just poured, whenever you talked about her. I always thought that if I did meet her, I'd see how beautiful she is and how in love you and her are. You posed, flexing your arms as you noticed that I was checking you out. I looked up at you, poking your cheek as I told you to stop laughing so loud in my ear. I mean, what if they didn't like me? I didn't hear much except for the words: Valencia and you. I nodded dumbly and shooed you away with a faux smile. What I did next shocked me completely. Like I said, perfect. You guys started screaming and yelling, both silently hoping that the two of you will work, that you will somehow be together for four more years. There was only you. You didn't even go to her funeral. I found you talking with Justin in the hallway, and Justin being the hyperactive boy he is, noticed me and screamed my name. This place was beyond beautiful. Things just happen, John! And again. You had nothing to do with Valencia dying. How could I smile at that? And even though it was just a mere seven days, it was hell for me. Nothing was bright about them. Apparently, the bastard wasn't watching the road while he got into a heated discussion with Valencia. I told you I had nothing to do with it. I was practically begging you to believe me. So, I agreed. whatnot. I wrote this to show you how much everything meant to me, how much you meant to me. You destroyed all the evil turtle shells, odd looking brown things and even Bowser, by just letting me be with you. Besides, if you do hate me, wouldn't you be happy if I left? It was John's and Amelia's story. She never quite liked how unsanitary it was or how crowded it got or how mean some people were. Too many people were pushing and shoving her to the end of the damn subway. It sounded so familiar. Sounds absolutely lovely, insert sarcastic snort here. Beyond idiocy. IT'S A PILLOW PET. Some people just can't handle too much cheese before going,  So, I'm apologizing for practically showering you all with cheese and drama and more cheese. My bad. But, please do feel free review. Pressing a hand to his right temple, he turned to survey the 'cottage' some obscure old aunt had left him for an equally obscure reason. The bigger it was, the more he could sell it for. The last time he and Master Melvin had left the rest of the household to its own devices, they had been welcomed home to something indecently close to a brothel. All in all, it looked tidy and picturesque, an ideal bit of land to make a tidy little profit off of. Everything else about her was a blur. Ignoring her stinging eyes, she pulled her cloak close about herself and tried not to falter as she made her way up to the barkeep. If it weren't for her father, she would never have even set foot in the cursed place. All the others were strangers, none of whom seemed incline to even look her way – except for the one merrily strolling across the taproom towards them. Now he looked, well, frightening – in, Tabitha supposed, a saving angel sort of way. And with that, he escorted a stunned Tabitha out into the street. Unfortunately for him, as another general rule, Melvin did not leave helpless young women to the wiles of amorous drunks. When she spoke, her voice held a deliberately husky edge. the redhead said, rather unnecessarily. He blinked in a disorientated manner, first at the room, then at the redhead, and finally at Melvin. Beside her, a stout woman stood, watching them in dismay. Glib as he was, though, he wasn't callous – well, not that much, in any case. And how was he going to bring up the matter of his horse without making himself look like an ass? The door opened as Tabitha hesitated in the driveway, and a thin, young girl stepped out. On the right was the sanctuary of her own chambers. William never had been good with his emotions. For those of you new to my work, no, you do not need to read Petals to get this. As mentioned above, the last line of the epilogue was meant to connect the ending with the beginning of the story. To find them, just Google 'meaning number of roses. ), but he lost the courage to. Don't even think of biting it. He couldn't taste anything, which was okay for him. His Superman fever never quite died. 01 centimetres. ) down his stomach. Either way, it made her stop after touching the pool wall and sunk herself under water in regret, hating herself for feeling this way. Another innocent smile. Too late to turn back now. She squirmed out of his grasp and started removing her ballet flats, stumbling a little to the side while she was at it. She crouched down, her knee touching her chest. More. She shivered involuntarily. It felt right; like they were home at last. ). Go figure! Her red dress, the matching red ribbons holding up her curled black hair, and her wide smile that appeared when she started to laugh. He didn't realize he was standing in the middle of their 'masterpiece'. Now, there was such a thing as popular, nerdy, or outsider, when they were all just friends in elementary school! He let her do it, no matter how silly it looked in the hallway. He really had no shame. All he could really remember was that her skin was terrifyingly orange and her bright pink lipstick somewhat clashed. She didn't want their bond to ever change. He shuddered when the memory of a girl hugging him and leaving foundation on his white shirt came to mind. He had helped her study, but she had the routine of blanking when the tests or quizzes were placed directly in front of her. she murmured. His blue eyes went down the hall where he saw Jillian, her new boyfriend handing her a bouquet of red roses. I love you like…A pimp loves his hoes. The way he looked at her, the way he smiled so cheerfully—even the way his voice softened. She suddenly didn't want to go with him anymore. He watched as she slowly ate small bites, sniffling every now and then. Sure, the little 'I love you like' jokes were entertaining, and she loved the fact that it was just between them, but for once, it wouldn't hurt the guy just to say three words without any joking behind it. In the startling attack, she fell over backwards, feeling his weight on her as he didn't bother letting go. Jillian adored the feeling of every nerve in her body going berserk, this kiss being the only kiss to make her feel such a way. Climbing out of the car, she smiled when she spotted Chas standing with a suitcase, obviously freezing in the night air. i like chas quite a bit. He lived in a nice suburban home in Southern California. His bathroom was conveniently inside his room. After wiping his face off with a towel, he slid on his glasses and gazed upon his reflection. His face was more clearly revealed and he could now look upon his light brown eyes that were the same color as his few and tiny freckles 'round his cheeks and nose. He new he would not sit in peace long. The unwanted guest walked over to face Adam. Gary Flinn. It was the chuckling melody of Gary's cronies, Jay Lester and Tommy Patrickson. He abhorred sports and was frightened of the ball. Something hit the bleachers. He soon heard running footsteps running up the bleachers. Even without his glasses he could see red blurs on his digits. It was the boy who had hit him on the face with the ball. He wished he could just stay home and away from Gary, Tommy, and Jay, but It doesn't matter anyway, he thought, it's the last day of school before winter break. Adam thought to himself. He had brown hair, green eyes, and a creamy complexion that was far from pale. He made a fast start after he exited the bus, but Tommy grabbed his arm. Tommy held steadfast. Tommy looked quite shocked, but Jay laughed hysterically. The salty tears stung his open cuts. Tommy grabbed onto Adam again. It was difficult to sleep because it was hard and uncomfortable. Adam's father had died of cancer when Adam was only five. The park bench served as a terrible bed. Who does that"? . Dr. Brown. neater, somehow, and not as full. . ". Watching him. gone. . she said doubtfully. Marie Perkinset. . ". Conall said slowly. Fae? . what? ". . . . . ". Real. . It's not strictly necessary, I suppose but it might make things easier. Anywho, I got the inspiration for the groomsmen singing the song from my brother's wedding back when I was like, fourteen. The boulder sized diamond I had worn for only a few short months was gone, given back to my ex-husband the moment I found out he'd tried to sleep with my friend. And now my life was in shambles, and I had nothing to show for my patience. Either Carlin's lawyer was terrible, or Valerie was just that good. After all, I wasn't bound to find someone as influential and high society as Carlin Thompson again. Some still believed Carlin. I drained my champagne and rested my chin in my hand as I watched Gracie and Jonah dance. But she had plenty of love to share. I couldn't remember what he was, but he was definitely not a lawyer. Whatever it was, I didn't want it. Because with my mother, the wedding was more important than the marriage. I hadn't realized it before. At least I wasn't completely a Debbie Downer. Jonah's father, though, looked annoyed. Maybe Gracie was the only one who got a guy who wasn't a jerk. With one last pat at my hair, and I slipped out of the bathroom and nearly collided with a man rushing out of the men's room. In fact, when I hung out with anybody these days it was limited to Jonah, Gracie, and Sarah. I hadn't seen anything like it before, and I wondered how long it had healed and if he could even sleep on that side of his body. I said, and started going back to the reception. I let him lead me to the floor, and we danced to some song I couldn't place. I suppose it was nice. I went home to my lonely loft, washed off the make up, took out my contacts, and took off the dress. I went all over the New York, trying to find interesting places to think to myself and sketch clothing designs. It was  me anyway, as I'd grown up riding in a limo until I went to college. I dropped out of college to get married, and despite getting some recognition with my clothing designs, that wasn't good enough. Who went out on Tuesday nights? Though I guess she didn't necessarily want it, her mother kind of made her, but whatever. Thank God for small favors. He was still staring intently at me. it came out as one word. Who would have thought there'd be drunk people outside of a bar? Plus, you had to dare to be stupid sometimes. I didn't know whether to be impressed or amused that he could use the word  while he was three sheets to the wind. Me in my designer clothes and a sketchbook, and Devon with his blue hair, crazy piercings, and obviously drunken demeanor. Rain threatening to fall any second now. She could not tell if it was the cold, or her nerves that was causing this. Anything to know that they were approaching but the water around her was hiding them. That would be suicidal. She was staring into the eyes of the monster that haunted her life. Running was her only option. She prayed that he would tire of this game, that her legs wouldn't give out, and most of all she prayed they wouldn't find him. As I said, I'm not brilliant and it wasn't amazing, but it does hurt when others take your work. And I'm sorry for the disappointment. There are 9 in total. Not a good thing, seeing how it was my first day. But I digress. I winced as the guy flew into the lockers as I shoved by him, not realizing until too late that he was standing on a skateboard. Backtracking, I turned the corner and came face-to-face with a girl I had not seen for over a year. Now a senior, like me, she still looked the exact same as when she had left - the same black hair and oval face with its blue eyes and perpetually smiling mouth were in my view. The ringing of the bell cut me off. Argh! . I mumbled, trying to save face. he said, pointing behind him to a dark-blue door that proudly announced 'Main Office'. How the hell was I expected to find my way around? Ahh! With a grateful sigh I consulted the map I had been provided and wandered around to find my locker. Apparently I had made a wrong turn somewhere. seriously, what was with me and getting help from random HOT guys? I'm hurt, really. Eww. Well, except for the tag that read . Got it. A/N: If you haven't read the A/N at the top, you might want to do so now. But hey, at 7:00 on a Saturday morning, it was the best I had. This was not going to be a good day. he exclaimed happily, pulling me into a giant bear hug. Saying every other day just seems to make it a little more bearable. I know, I'm such a sucker. If only we were that lucky. I groaned. Not that I was going to get back to sleep anyway. I just hoped that he would stay up there until they were ready to leave. Just in case anybody was getting confused. Of course. There were no words to describe how annoyed I was at this point in time. I grinned. He smiled at me, and then just gave me the cup. There was definitely a catch. MY phone. He laughed. I went over there. Silly boy, dealing with a caffeine-deprived teenage caffeine addict. ), was not a good sight for him. Because my day, actually, wasn't going so hot. It was my door that was stolen. No, they just wanted my plain old blue door. It was like someone had disconnected the off button for my mouth, my brain kept thinkin' 'shut up, shut up now' but my mouth no listenin'. I don't even know the names of the car parts, I only knew where the fuel was supposed to go, and even then I got the gas station guy to do it for me because the thing was rusty and too hard to get open to put the gas in. How did you find out what's wrong with it, how? It's not like I could drive it to a repair shop, or anything – I couldn't even drive it home, what was I supposed to do? He looked at me, that same eyebrow lifted at me in mild amusement. I tried to remember it, so I could show it to my brother's girlfriend who was from Japan. . Besides, it wasn't like size mattered – I knew a boy I could beat in an arm wrestle that had totally huge biceps, but not much strength to match. I looked down at it Ripper's Repair Shop. well, it can't be so hard, can it? I kicked it and it didn't move at all, it just made a nice, lovely dent. I can do this. It was a very unfair thing to say as I didn't exactly break my door, someone stole it. the guy wanted to know. He said, very nicely, and after a few beats was out from under the car and sitting up. I saw concern flicker over his face as he stood up, reached forward – and caught me in his arms. Why? I mean, what's the point of having one when you can't fix your own car? I gulped. I think it would. All that matters, really, is that it stays there. It's an impossible task; I think I need a break, I'm already sweating. He just wanted to torture me. No matter the fact that I was, actually, lying to him anyway. Not so much. I was again staring, and watched him check things over – the metal bits didn't seem to be doing anything they shouldn't, if the way he dismissed them was any clue, anyway. After all, my boyfriend (who isn't really my boyfriend) is so very masculine sounding and attractive, I'd look at him too, even if I were a man. Well, if his voice didn't ruin it for him (or rather, what he said with that very fine voice of his). Was this code talk, some kind of fuel language, or car language, I didn't know about? It was like asking how someone could be so hot, and yet so infuriating, not that I speak from experience. No, (s)he had to pour Pepsi in my fuel tank too. Really. My face was reddening by the second, and the knowledge of this, made it redden even more. Something, which, I had found out as soon as the second time that day, I walked in to Ripper Repairs. I didn't know what. I might even say thankyou. She was really pretty, in a movie star kind of way. I lied. Yes, red does get the girls. I'm pretty sure it wouldn't be the same way for him, considering he certainly doesn't look gay. He didn't appear to be caring, he appeared to be amused. I was turning red, red with anger. Much. The guy who brought his lips down to my own, and started kissing me, not very jokingly. I said. I hope he didn't say anything about that night, two weeks ago – two weeks being about the time when my car got filled with coke (carbonated) and my door was stolen, and I'd made out with him outside his Dad's garage against the family hand-me-down old station wagon. She hung up and the doorbell started to ring. I obviously wasn't in any need of a door anymore, being it already replaced by now. Why would he? I looked up at him, and made the mistake of catching his eyes, they bored into mine, serious yet playful at the same time. Sorry it is so long. They were so different, especially in appearance but so right for each other. All we can say is coma back soon Jared! He and Cole had been together for nearly six months but his boyfriend was so adamant at not going too fast that he was oblivious to the fact that Nick wanted to be able to do more than just kiss his boyfriend. Sophia was Seb's cousin and lived with the poor guy, Cole was still wondering how anyone could remain sane after living with such a bitch but Seb claimed that out of school she wasn't really as bad as people thought. Cole, along with most of the girls, eyed him with interest and appreciation. Cole frowned, the way the new kid said that suggested he was against gays, hopefully there wasn't going to be another antagonist around them now. He was tempted to go back to having home tutors if this was what school was always like. He glared at her. The short brunette was torn between watching Sophia scold Sebastian and making lovesick faces at Nick. She never seemed to get the message. Maybe Nick would introduce them at some point. He'd had black hair then and had been pretty scary to most of the students, ex military school guy and made dam well sure that the idiots knew he could hold his own in a fight if he needed to. Well except for the fact that Cole seemed to think he would break most of the time. He followed the blue haired boy to his room and dumped his bag beside the bed before flopping backwards onto it. He was vaguely hopeful that they'd go further but knew it wouldn't happen. de/Concept-Cars/Deutschland-I/Deut-III/Porsch-GT-00-11-19. Thank you very much for your continued support. And that's where things would begin rapidly deteriorating. Even the thought of it made Tanner howl in anguish, startling the innocent bystander who just thought they were participating in some cross-generational knowledge transmission. Especially now that he knows how to spell it. Like a monster under the bed). It wasn't the best education anyone's ever received, but Tanner feels like it prepared him alright for college coursework. . He knows when to issue commands, and when to let Tanner finish his Thing. Because recently (as in two days ago) Japheth informed Tanner that he'd be bringing someone home. But what choice does he have? Roz seems nice enough, and Japheth can't shut up about him so, well, there's that. Not because he has a Thing about makeup, but because, honestly, a little care would go a long way. She had (and still has) a knack for taking the words that made his head ache and turning them soft and gentle on the way down (existentialism—human essence, Plato—Athenian, teleological—design). Which is fortunate for Tanner, since Chemistry's chockfull of shudder-inducing words. It's a time when he can sit in companionable silence with Japheth while Japheth eats whatever sugary cereal he's gotten this week and cut out coupons for his own shopping trips. Tanner pleads, shame spiraling around his head. he mumbles, for Japheth more than anyone, since it's his boyfriend Tanner seems to be intent on scaring away at every turn. Someone who can wear two different socks and say the word 'Carnival. And Japheth will say,  and Tanner will feel more like dying than he does now. But then Roz sighs a heated 'yes' and Tanner's heart unclenches a bit. How it trembled and expanded in Tanner's own chest like full. Tanner's never had the urge to smile at his feet over anyone before. Tanner doesn't know what it's about, and it blows over rather quickly (but it's followed by sex that is much pricklier than the last time he overheard it). He becomes addicted to the show Animal Cops and tells Japheth about the saddest and happiest stories when he gets home from class. Tanner's a little lonely, but he sleeps so much he hardly notices. Or, you know, something. And it makes Tanner's stomach flutter. He just hopes they won't fight anymore. ' It's pure hell. He swallows and yanks his hand away. In fact, she's quite nice and, like he told her, helpful. God knows he is. Which, well, never mind. Japheth's eyes widen. So they're arguing about him. Why does he have to be so weird? he asks. Both Japheth and Roz try to make conversation with him on the way over, but he's so nervous he can't talk, only think weave air seven. Roz catches his eye in the rearview and nods. He taps his fingers against his thighs. He should have known Japheth would make everything alright. Roz says, nodding in Japheth's direction. Tanner stares straight ahead, wondering if the movie will start early. In the end, he decides he has to circle the whole room, and then treat each stall like its own separate room, but that will make eighteen taps a finger. And besides, he doesn't want to disappoint Japheth for being so weird. he asks quietly. He doesn't know why he's bringing this up, only that the idea of going back into the theatre makes him want to start tapping all over again. He feels guilty about it, but less so than if he led her on any more than he already has. Still, it isn't his place to step in; he just hopes they fix things. Roz and Japheth even rent a hotel room for their six-month anniversary, which Tanner thinks is a good sign. But Roz must think he means the arm thing because he reaches over to grip his other forearm briefly before letting go. Tanner pretends not to notice, and convinces himself that he's got a lot of work to do anyway. Besides, Tanner was really counting on the night alone so he could catch up on his reading (it takes three times as long when you have to scribble out so many words and try to make sense of what's left). He sighs before he can help it, and nearly collapses against Roz, who holds him up by the arms and strokes his cheek against Tanner's right one (Tanner nearly cries when Roz nuzzles into his left cheek for balance). Tanner spends most of it, it seems, tapping on walls and reciting words that make him feel good, if only for a few minutes. (Maybe he should start thinking of it as a 'kiss' so it can stop sounding so appealing. Why doesn't Tanner actually want it to go back to normal? Japheth says, shoulders heaving. He thinks low sip sour. He flinches. He's thinking about Roz, and how not so long ago they were here, just like now and Roz had said the word mouth, and Tanner can't pretend anymore that he hasn't been thinking about that moment for every second since it happened. Wants to forget about Japheth and pretend this has always been just for him. Roz again, firmly. Then he forces his hand to his side. he trails off, and to Tanner, it sounds like I just want. The weight of it settles with a thud on his diaphragm, knocking the air out of him. Roz's chest is against his back, their legs tangled together, and Roz's cheek rests on Tanner's hair. He already feels like he's given too much away, and that he hasn't gone nearly far enough, but it's all he can do right now. And the thought of the heat he'd find there—that blistering sweltering swooning heat—undoes him completely. It's a strange feeling he's not sure if he likes. When he can wonder how long it will take for Roz to roll out of bed and join him at the table, drinking black coffee and asking him which words hurt and which feel good. Who Tanner thinks he might love, but won't say until he can find the right word for it. She only put on makeup during special occasions. they gushed before running off. Still wanted more. Heh. "Don't feel bad. It is my house, by the way". ". he said facetiously. Are you sick"? Hah! And also because right now, Jerry is driving to the Crystal Room – a fancy little place where Sweet Sixteens are usually held, except we're going there to celebrate Jerry's grandfather's ninetieth birthday, not his sixteenth. I'm ready to get married and he's still not ready to give up his Nintendo 64 (which doesn't even work, by the way). Is it wrong for me to want just one tiny, fleeting ray of romance in my relationship? But I don't think anyone wasn't serious then. There's one rectangular table set opposite the DJ that is presumably reserved for Grandpa James since there is a giant banner above it that says 'Happy Birthday, Rocky! Jerry mastered that a long time ago, folks! And when I die, I bet he would do something stupid like rig my corpse so it looks like I'm moving, just to have one last laugh. Break up with me now, I dare you. Really. And now he knows and plans on embarrassing me at his grandpa's party, right before he breaks up with me because he doesn't want to marry me! I bet he's going to tell everyone that I snore too. If Jerry's going to embarrass me, at least I won't be ugly while he's doing it. I didn't even smell anything, anyway because his dog only stayed there for like five minutes before jumping off the couch and curling up in her doggie bed. Being a younger brother is not as horrid as Jerry makes it out to be. Who doesn't want to marry me. You have to admit, cats can be pretty darn cute. I've been dreaming of my wedding dress ever since my mom showed me hers when I was seven years old. I just hope there's an ambulance parked outside. I turn – it's Lucy, Jerry's youngest cousin. It's really not attractive. So instead I spend the remainder of dinner staring at my water glass forlornly. Obviously they are destined to be best friends forever). And while we are slow dancing the music stops, and something miraculous happens. It was very cute, but Jerry, not to my surprise, didn't think so. In my haste to get more marshmallows, I accidentally grab a strawberry and almost stuff it in my mouth, but a hand stops me. Obviously, my earlier anger had no effect on him. But when I glance down, I see, on vanilla frosting, words spelled out in my favorite color, forest green, because the color is so similar to Jerry's eyes. And once I reach out for it, he's going to snatch it away. Except I sound more pathetic than angry because I'm crying just a little. . God, I wish I was on the track team in high school. Because I so wanted an elderly man, drooling and sleeping in the background while the love of my life (fake) proposes to me. And when I finally do look at him, I almost want to start crying again. I really just want to stretch up on my tip-toes and plant a big fat one right smack on his lips. But it was still a laugh. I half expected to discover that he was secretly the Hulk (he does have green eyes, after all), but either he controlled his anger and didn't transform or he just isn't the Hulk. I don't know what I would do, Lex. But then he listens to what I say next. I feel something sticky so I turn my hand over and see that Jerry hasn't wiped all the frosting and cake off, so a little bit is smeared on my finger. Most importantly, however, Jerry is mine. Drop a review (or don't, whatever floats your boat) and let me know what you think. Like I'm just another chick to him. Soon to be just another one of Bishop's ex-girlfriends in everybody's eyes, and that was probably true. Add the killer smile and the baritone voice, and people fall over themselves just looking at him. Thankfully, I am usually more apathetic and distant, and I've only been very, very angry once before, so it isn't like it happens on a regular basis. It's like he doesn't even know my name anymore. All he sees is the new sophomore cheerleader who passes by us while giving him an obvious look, despite the fact that his girlfriend is right next to him. Everyone knew I didn't drink not only because I was underage but also because I just didn't, the same way they knew no one except my best friends called me Lexie. My eyebrow doesn't go down. He has actually been one of my better male friends this senior year. I'd thought of how it would feel like to be on a date with Bishop the whole time I was with the other guy. Yes, he got to me. Finally, the ultimate playboy is settling down, as well as the easily-overlooked, cold girl. Too bad they had to end, because the start of senior year is promising to be an all-time low. I glanced over to the kitchen table and I was immediately met with two incredulous looks as my mother and boyfriend took in my appearance. This year, I had brought Chris, who I had been dating for two and a half years now, and his roommate, for New Year's. Or, at least two and a half years ago. At first, I had been delighted to see snow again, all white and sparkling in the sunlight, its clean, fresh smell coating my lungs, but now, after this three hour ordeal just to pick up some groceries, I was no longer impressed. He was prone to some unpleasant moods, which I had learned to ignore. He was a junior partner of a medium-sized law firm and thought himself a great deal more self-important than he probably was. He folded his hands on the table and raised an eyebrow at me, expecting an answer. They had met in college, when Oliver was new to the U.S. and Chris was at the peak of his popularity, and had shared an apartment ever since they had graduated. But it would hit me at the most random times: when I was over at their place, watching TV with them on the couch, and he laughed at something and turned to me to see if I found it as funny as he did and our eyes caught and held for a second, when he read the newspaper in the morning with his hair mussed from sleep, sticking out in little tufts, when he said my name in his Irish accent in that deep reverberating voice, when he grinned at me like he was doing at this very moment. He placed it in front of me. Smelling of rich spices and cooked sugar, my mouth was watering. He made a face and pretended to puff up. I asked on a whim. I put a plate in front of my mother and the other in front of Chris, and sat down. I quickly reached and flicked on the bathroom light in order to see more clearly. I edged out of the doorway of the bathroom and paused before continuing down the hallway towards the room Chris and I were sharing. And such a smooth chest. I gave him a pathetic wave and turned to pad down the dark hallway. That was lust, mixed in with some other, very complicated things. Nothing should, or would, ever happen. Oh, well. There was a bench at the end of the dock, and I sat down after brushing snow off of it. Routines were good - I even liked them - but when I thought of years and years of our life as it was now, I felt a sense of dread. God, I had to stop thinking about this. He was wearing sweatpants and a gray hoodie with sneakers, ready to go for a run. I said. He looked down at me. My breath left me and I stared up at him. He turned and walked back towards the house as I sat where I was, trying to remember to breathe as I looked down at my mismatched shoes. he apologized insincerely. Chris always slept a little later, so Oliver and I ate breakfast together while reading the paper, switching sections when we were finished reading them. He had just taken a shower, his hair still wet and his jaw slightly raw from shaving. We all put on extra layers and cranked up the heat. What in the world was he hinting at? My mother had found a candle and its small yellow light cast shadows on the walls. he mumbled. There were footsteps behind me and Oliver traipsed into the kitchen, flashlight in hand. What an asshole. The fingers curled around my shoulder. he said. I said, feigning kindness that fooled no one. I ducked into the trees and squinted at the ground, running the flashlight's beam back and forth. He came over and laid down the logs against the side of the house next to the kindling. I bit down on my lip and quickly turned and walked to the side of the house, carelessly tossing the sticks down with the rest. One of his hands smoothed itself down the side of my head. He could probably taste all my nights that had turned restless at the thought of him and the way my brain ceased to function whenever he walked into a room. I couldn't do anything but melt into him. I regained my feet, pulled down my dress, readjusted my coat, and picked up the flashlight off the ground, while he cleared his throat and shoved his hands into his deep jacket pockets. A cold sweat was breaking out along my spine, so I downed the rest of the champagne in my glass in one gulp. His eyes were focused on the fire, but the small upwards curve of his lips did not escape my notice. I was sure vivid dreams of being pressed against the side of houses and warm hands on my skin would keep me from sleeping fitfully. We all toasted each other, and Oliver gave me a nod when his glass clanged against mine. My hand went to my mouth as I stared at it. I just stared at him, and he snapped the little black box shut. I tittered. I turned around and he took my chin in his hand and tilted my head up to his. he whispered, lips brushing against mine. I didn't even bother to see if Chris had managed to get the rental car down the road. The snow outside of the bay window had slowed to a gentle drifting and the sun was beginning to show through the thinning clouds. I appreciate any feedback! He had failed them. That movie was so cool. Hurry"! Thanks! A new story. she asked flatly. Mac stood from the chair and grabbed her bag. Great, he thought flatly, he could've gone the rest of his life without seeing her ever again. If she had a grandfather she'd want him to be as nice as Coach Scott but that didn't help her anger. She sat down on one of the benches. She was a fungus that he could not get rid of, every turn there she was. Dean was the captain of the team, one of Winston High's best players in years; of course he was going to win. Point for her. He knew by living next door that she had no parents, only an Aunt that took her in when she was a toddler. Two of her three fights in school had been with him. Don't worry; I am a rather boring person, so it won't take up much of your time. I am an only child, and live with my over-protective parents in a small terraced house, housing only 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, a kitchen, a living room and a study. It was so ridiculous that when I told Becca about it, she wouldn't stop laughing for several hours, and that was only after I splashed a bottle of water all over her face. I only have a couple of friends; Becca, Callum and Jay, and the only reason they let me hang around with Callum and Jay, was by me and Becca convincing my parents that they were a gay couple…which, to this day, Callum and Jay have been resenting us for. Numerous piercings are scattered down her ears, and a single star stud upon the right side of her nose. Although, he doesn't like the attention because he actually quite a softy inside when you melt down the 'I'm hard' front he puts on. It also didn't help that Jay came into the room after the incident occurred, and told her that he thought her top was very 'tasteful'. It was impossible; they would get tired of me in 1 day; 2 days max. Also, because of my size, they find me cute, in an odd sort of way, and talk to me…well, that's before they meet my parents. Callum and I joked that it was because of the sexual tension between them), I asked Jay why he was in our form. Guys will always be guys – each one no different than the last. How did that work out? Other days, I notice how blue his eyes are or the dimples in his cheeks when he smiles. It means a lot to know so many of were still interested in continuing Keith and Lila's story, and I hope you enjoy this one as much as it's predecessor. Just try to remember that, and trust me, okay? . She'd just reached her old 1999 Toyota parked several feet away along the curb when her gaze was caught while briefly looking in the direction of a subway staircase at the end of the sidewalk. The last thing she saw as she shut the door to the apartment behind her was the girl bury her face in the hair of the still-crying toddler in her arms. . Listen carefully, young man. She seemed so perfect, so awesome except for the fact that she was a cold hard bitch. It was the way Lindsey said her name that made Jackie cringe. She would always hear  or  and it went even worse than that. Jackie was really zoned out and just waited for the abuse to stop so she could walk down the hall to class. Her friends were busy laughing along as well as the many people now walking by. Her friends and most of the other girls in the school were dressed similarly. Jackie thought maybe, just maybe someone would help her out, but not when it came to Lindsey De Luca. Her tan skin from Midland was soft and glowing. . Lindsey would always call Jackie a nerd in class and rip up her work when the teachers weren't looking. Lindsey on the other hand made up a lame excuse of being too busy this weekend to work on it. Jackie gave a mean glare and Lindsey's smirk curled into a beaming smile with her full lips moving apart to show her flawless white teeth. She plopped down into it and looked at Jackie with superiority. There she said it, now she was just waiting for some sort of reaction. There wasn't anything being said at the moment at all. Jackie winced but couldn't move her hand. Jackie nodded and the two worked on the homework. However, Lindsey's cronies were in this class and the entire period was filled with giggles and sniggers directed toward Jackie. How sad. Mostly it was about Lindsey, but some of it was about how she missed Midland and her old life. Again Jackie heard the reverberating cackling of the preppy bitches as they walked down the hall tripping behind Lindsey. Jackie, stupidly stood at the end of the hall and laughed hysterically at the sight. They looked as if they were laughing too, but Jackie really couldn't tell at all. Jackie felt she could relate a lot to the book, but unfortunately the main character was a boy. Lindsey asked in an all too innocent tone. Since then, they've loathed one another very much. Lindsey thought. Lindsey checked to see if anyone was in the bathroom stalls as Jackie stupidly watched on. She stood awkwardly now and found with Lindsey standing so close in front of her, she couldn't get out of the washroom. Lindsey put her left hand against Jackie's stomach to keep her in place. One second the two girls were going to just regard each other in the washroom and go along their way and now, Lindsey had her pressed up quite snugly against the bathroom wall. She hadn't even gone further than a hug with a boy before, but now she was being smothered by a girl she really didn't like. Lindsey smothered Jackie's neck with kisses as she squeezed Jackie's breast making her jerk in anxiousness. Now she was panting and sweating and didn't know what to do with her right hand except to keep it plastered to her side. She kept in tune with squeezing her breast and circling her thumb around Jackie's swollen left hand. Lindsey was moving closer and closer and Jackie was hazy. This time it was just a little different because it was with someone she didn't like all too much. While Trudy was explaining, Lindsey was smiling at the thoughts of what had just happened and she wanted it to happen again. . ! . ! . Ring…. This story is rated M for strong language (more than a few characters have potty mouths) and semi-explicit sex (it does have Kellan Kyle, after all). I'd smacked more hands off of my butt in this one afternoon than in the entire time I'd been at Pete's bar. I rolled up the short sleeves of my black-as-night shirt, then went to work tying a knot above my bellybutton, just like MaryAnn from Gilligan's island. I knew that at any moment he was going to rush to that microphone and the awaiting crowd was going to scream ear-splittingly loud. Her boyfriend was playing the Seattle Music Festival for the first time too. Hole and Mary J. Blige were playing in the next couple of days. Our D-Bags had finally decided to grace the crowd with their presence. His light blue eyes scanned the crowd nervously as he adjusted the strap on his shoulder. I immediately looked away. I shook my head, wishing my sister, Anna, hadn't been at her photo shoot for the Hooters calendar today, so she could, maybe, attempt to keep her pseudo-boyfriend in line. I laughed at the look, happy that the good-spirited man was taking a second to enjoy his success. Even just watching him confidently strut onto the stage, the stage he owned with every fiber of his being, my body tingled for him. The heat and sweat made the sandy-brown mess stick out even more crazily and he looked just completely edible. He was igniting me now, and he hadn't even spotted me yet. I shouldn't be jealous or irritated by fans, but their comments were a little less cute than the fourteen-year-old's. I flushed and smiled as those amazingly intense eyes locked onto mine. I'd gotten enough of that at school before Kellan and I had even gotten together. He'd sort of been preparing for this his whole life. I laughed and tried to move away from some of the more revved up girls, although, with nowhere to go, I only ended up bumping into a couple of guys in front of me. Well, besides Jenny, anyway. Jenny was hollering her answer through her hands, so I joined in. I didn't keep looking to see if they did. I no longer cared about any of them, because Kellan brought his eyes back to mine and the pure joy I saw on his face was enough to make all of the forward women, all of the grabby men, and all of the sweaty strangers, completely worth it. But Kellan had found music, and music, along with a seriously healthy sexual appetite, had saved him from a life of mind-numbing addictions. I could only imagine what Kellan was feeling. Since I'd watched Kellan write songs before, it was a little awe-inspiring to witness his lyrics be repeated back to him, especially in a crowd this size. Well, maybe not Griffin. Moving into the next song, his eyes slipped over the crowd in ways that I was only used to them slipping over me. He could get hurt…or fondled to death. Within reason, of course. But I knew his mind was always busy, even if he was just slinging back cold ones at the bar. The bulk of the crowd, anyway. It had helped seal us when we'd gotten back together. The look he was giving me now was the happiest look I'd ever seen on him. I'd snagged about three dozen of those posters as mementoes. And just in case the fence wasn't enough of a warning, a couple of yellow-shirted security guards were shooing people away. But it was off-limits to normal folk, like me, and I didn't want to cause a scene by getting busted by the burly guys who put Pete's bouncer to shame. A small scream erupted from the knot of people also waiting for their rock-god, but this god headed directly for me. And Jenny and I weren't the only girls waiting around back here for the band. Clean, manly, seductive…it was a scent that lingered with me, even in my dreams. Cupping his warm cheeks, I nodded. Kellan's innocent moments never lasted very long. He still gave me butterflies. I'd rather not be in Kellan's spotlight, if I could help it. He glanced back at me really quick, but then he did it…and he had plenty of room to sign his name, if you know what I mean. Just as I thought to shove the vixen away, a firm hand rested on my shoulder. I was working on it. They were behind him now, waiting for the sweet, teddy bear of a man to disengage from his girlfriend. And yes, those pictures were on the internet too. I'd rather die than have to make multiple introductions over and over again. But he nodded politely, taking a couple pictures and signing a couple of t-shirts. They were sort of adorable. Honestly, I didn't get what my sister saw. Tucking his chin-length blond hair behind his ears, he threw his hands out to the side, conveniently brushing against a fan's breast as he did. he muttered, shaking his head and rolling his eyes. No, Griffin was about my least favorite person to talk to. They'd been here ever since. Their death had deeply affected him. It was a miracle Kellan wasn't completely messed up. I could hear the heavy rock beat in the sweltering air. He found that even funnier and laughed a little harder. It took so little for him to turn me right on. Laughing a little harder, Kellan grabbed my elbow and twisted me the other way. My breath stuttered a bit. As much as he would like that, I did have some self control. They would take the time to bring in their own. He was already living up his fifteen minutes. Evan then gave me a huge bear hug, also jokingly telling me that he'd see me tomorrow at work. They could never be peeled away from Pete's for long. Rachel smiled and waved goodbye as she and Matt put away Matt and Griffin's instruments and got into Griffin's Vanagon. Rolling his eyes, Griffin waved his fingers instead. It was his pride and joy…and ever since the one time I'd stolen it, he never let me drive it. Flushing instantly, I sat back and ran a loose lock of hair behind my ear. he yelled with a angry face. oh crap. I asked sitting up. Oh shit. It reads STOP! Haha this boy is in for it. There is nothing that fool could possibly due to save me if I'm that far gone! I personally never met a black haired man with green eyes but he was the first and what a great one to meet. Gideon and I had our problems, which all started when the jerk kidnapped me for his own purposes and continued long after my failed suicide attempt. Well I'll tell you, everything. Gideon has a tendency to make it really easy to make fun of him. Because in real life I'm anything but I'm just happy at this moment I wasn't always a pleasant person. But for now I'll let you think what you want and make you suffer a little wait, well maybe not. Anyways, laterz. . Natalie is banned from the balcony. Hopefully once this semester is over, things will go back to normal and I'll have two jobs instead of four. Sort of. Over the years it somehow became Izzie. And he's not going anywhere more dangerous than ice hockey camp. I hold up my little finger. Nick's  did appear rather miraculously, or they would appear miraculous if you weren't the one who had played endless one-on-one games of ice hockey with him whenever the lake froze over in the winter, and then spent the summer on rollerblades playing roller hockey. Nick had spent all summer studying plays and trying to practice so he wouldn't be too far behind everyone else at the camp, even though he'd barely played. Still, I was going to miss him. The way football is worshipped in Texas is how we treat ice hockey. His short black hair was perfectly messed, he had on one of those shirts that clung to his every muscle and as a soccer athlete he had a lot. No one was paying us any attention. I had done about 4 problems, just getting in the zone when he broke my concentration. He was like the Cheshire Cat. Not much fazed Logan Callister. . Ones that I held the least bit of interest in. I made a face, I'd never been the most coordinated of people and the ice certainly didn't help my predicament. I shivered. I gave him a once over and then turned and walked back to my dorm room, leaving him dumbstruck. Grabbing a DVD I stuck it in my computer, better than nothing. Her make-up was starting to smear but she had this conspiratorial grin on her face, like she knew some big secret. I walked inside the doors and into the first common room where a bunch of guys were hanging around talking. Just as I turned to do just that, the door creaked open. I was rifling through his CD collection when he cleared his throat. I looked at his shirt again, blood ran down from the top in a long streak and little splashed mottle the rest of the shirt. It took some time but I found the familiar brown bottle. His shirt had hidden a six-pack and oh so nice pecs. I could feel his heat through my shirt. In fact he'd probably brag about it. He groaned into my mouth as I moved my lips against his and suddenly that groan turned into a yelp. He glared at me over his hand,  He said his voice muffled. But, like her mother before her, that sort of life would never suit her. As a girl she had been jealous of the young boys or her clan, with their freedom of movement and freedom of life. It was in those times that she could be herself without fear of judgment. And she would be beaten in the great hall for all the clan to see. And if ye were unfortunate enough to incur his wrath, the fear of punishment again would make even the proudest warrior submissive. That was all Ceana had even been told; her mother hadn't liked to speak anymore on the subject. Did he want her to sell more of her mothers things? His men sat all around him, mugs full of ale. The tall arched roof made her feel small and insignificant. The only thing that kept her safe was the fact the her Father would never let her be spoiled by a bastard. She hated when people stared at it. Woman were sold to men every day. She was revolted to think of his meaty hands on her body. He would not let this money pass him by that easily and would be likely to beat her to death himself. It would be a prison smaller than the one she already had. Ceana couldn't help but wonder if things could have been different if Fergus had been the first born son. Fergus was more of a Father then the stranger across from her ever was. As did a lot of others who wouldn't fare months end without it. Ceana's heart tore again at the sight of a mere 20 coins. Her Father's voice was so proud of his plan as if sending her to her almost certain death matter as much to him as the spilt ale. Her only hope lay with him convincing his brother against the course of action he was taking, but still the future was bleak. Ceana wasn't even on the end of the glare but she retreated back a couple of steps anyway. He opened his mouth as if he wished to say more but instead he growled in frustration and stomped off out of the hall. Perhaps he was even plotting her salvation. Fergus must have a plan for her escape, he must. She didn't even bother knocking for she knew in her heart that her uncle would not sleep this night either with worry for her. He cast eyes in her direction and attempted to smile. How many times had she wished she could had the confidence to shoulder some of that responsibility as well, if it would help him sleep at night. Ceana was desperate for anything. With a fire that sparked in her soul, she determined that she would fight for her life. He must have been thinking on this for a while. Making sure not to smudge the written words with her fingers, she turned the book towards her and finally got a look at what it said. It looked like it had been rushed, as if the person to draw it had very little time to get down on paper what was in his head. It was twice the height of a pine tree that was used for scale beside it. This was obviously the reception area. There was no make-up on her face because it had never been something she bothered with. She whispered to herself as she fought with her memory to remember the man's name. She could do this was her last thought as the doors flew closed, locking her in and she immediately panicked as she felt the floor move. The crowd immediately broke away as if his word was gospel. He obviously mistaken her gasp of appreciation as a gasp for horror because he quickly said,  Fear darted across her face as she suddenly realised that she didn't know what had happened to her for her to end up in this position. His receptionist came in and poured her a glass of water before leaving again. He could tell that with Bailey Addams on his team life wasn't about to get boring. Not that she was complaining because fainting into the arms of her handsome boss surely hadn't caused a problem for her. Not again. and apparently I wasn't the only one. But for some reason, I was more intrigued that scared. I said, after filling in the space only to discover there was absolutely no one around me. Nothing seemed to have changed in the café in the past thirty seconds. I asked. 'Hello' was scrawled messily across, leaving me to wonder who the hell that person was. In fact, I more than despised the stupid crosswords but I figured it would be helpful to give them a shot. I froze at the sudden contact, wondering if it was him again. I asked the second he was settled. In the past four months I've been here, not once had I seen this guy and now he's suddenly buddy-buddy with Dylan? I asked, hoping that it wasn't just another figment of my imagination. A customer was waiting impatiently at the cashier, but Dylan blatantly ignored her as he waited for me to respond. I lived in that same dormitory and not once had I seen anyone similar to the likings of this Jason. My eyes focused on the crossword that was once less than two percent completed. Seems like Mr. I-Know-Everything-About-Crosswords needn't help me this time. My breath hitched as we made contact; how could I have never noticed him in the past four months of living in the same building? I finally retorted. How was he allowed to know everything while my brain was littered with random facts that couldn't even help me out in a crossword? I just needed to make sure this was reality. I didn't have time to even respond, he had already bolted out the door. Tuesday and Wednesday's crosswords had gone unfinished without Jason's help. It was a funny feeling, but I just couldn't seem to control it. Asides from that, we barely talked outside of the café. I began blushing as he laughed at my outburst. Had something actually happened to him? I followed his eyes, stopping at a familiar figure. His attention was focused solely on her, eyes twinkling. However, he continued talking as if I was actually paying attention. Surely someone like Jason would have jumped out immediately in the past four months I've had the class. I knew nothing about Jason and I had no clue who this girl was, but already I was feeling this jealousy sweep through my nerves. The sad thing was how I never saw this sooner when every single door was wide open for four months. Getting my bag, I shouldered past Jason who was staring after me in befuddlement. Imagine my shock when I saw him take a seat one row in front of me and at least eleven seats to my right. Unfortunately, now that was coming back and biting me in the ass when the oh-so-popular and well-known Jason Bradshaw liked me and I never even knew who he was. That was reserved for people who had a sign plastered on their back, screaming for drama to smack them in the butt. I had absolutely no intention of killing Jason, if that was what he was worried about. There was just something about Jason that made me want to be with him. He had this easy air about him as he ordered his daily coffee, automatically handing Dylan the one dollar and forty three cents a medium cup cost, with tax. What was I supposed to say? He knew I'd be too chicken to call Jason out first. His arms were crossed over his chest as he stared at me intently, probably trying to see if I was going to acknowledge him. '. He began to walk out the door as I stood there idly. I sighed, pulling my side bag over my head so it crossed over my chest. Everything clicked together in my head when I saw his eyes slide over to me. I was brought closer to his body, forcing myself to look up at him. I ended dejectedly. Was that the answer? I couldn't back down now, not when everything was going according to plan (or at least how Gina had envisioned it). If that was the case, Dylan and Gina are the first to die. He ended softly before pulling me into his arms. I'm hoping by some time in September though. This high might hit a speed bump soon though, when school starts. I look over the car park again – nope, 'tis sans my car. It rings! My saviour! He says in the middle of my spluttering thank-yous and hangs up. It didn't really deserve the name of Betty but Chris laughed so much when I brought it home, caressing the dashboard I soothed it. Oh jeeze, that's sad, I miss her little banana air-freshener already. Lots of Nachos – Capital 'N' kind of Nachos. I've been sitting on wet steps so this shouldn't be a surprise, but still…it's…icky. After I've given myself that stern, manly talking-to, I check the time. etc. He pushes my cold, wet, but-I-like-to-think-still-aesthetically-appealing body off him and pulls about a hundred towels out of nowhere. Still, even around me, Chris is a terrible conversationalist. . I like my ears, I like hearing through them. His brown, curly-ish-but-still-straight hair is sticks up a bit so I pat it until he hits my hand away. Georgie, my best friend, has a slag of a roommate but Chris is a massive introvert and his roommatablity rates with just the right amounts of company, distance, relative cleanliness and rent-paying. ) and Chris happened to come home to a display of sexy-naked-man-action on our –shared- breakfast table (here was an example of how Chad could, occasionally, be the good kind of cocksucker) Chris went red at my attempt to apologise and orgasm at the same time and fled into his room. Tied to it was a note bearing instructions – 'Apply entire content of bottle on table (breakfast), and scrub until chemicals have peeled the skin. Now I just bring it up when I want to make him smile. I don't dance with him often, it's a bit weird. Chris glances over, looks back at the road, I yawn. Honesty was something that only cropped up when it desperately had to. He was clad in a tattered hoodie, pants that looked as if they had been fished out of the garbage, and eyes full of cruel, cold intention. I still had standards – even now – and drunk hobos did not meet said values. His kind of people didn't faze me – there wasn't anyone who really did anymore. I didn't have the curiosity or interest to care. Hopeless optimism among hell: the definition of this retched emotion I was feeling. That's why I needed to see. Only the lonely, desperate, sex-deprived drove that street. At home it was winter, but it hardly seemed warmer here. Not when I'd run away, not when I'd boarded the plane with my long, lank hair covering my bruised face, and certainly not now. Maybe it would be an easy way to end this pain. Torn from the sky. All these factors added up to make me feel as if it was right for me to be stuck on the side of this crappy street, partially engulfed in darkness, selling myself. I had nothing now, nothing but the long harsh road, my body and the last minute things I'd been able to pull together and stuff in my duffle bag on that impulse decision. Oh God, why had I left! Another tonight lost to a bitter, old stranger. Those two words were so suggestive, yet he wrapped his mouth around them as if they were the most important things left in the world. I replied briskly, deciding that it wasn't worth pretending that he was being presumptuous by thinking I was selling myself,  I continued, my voice beginning to waver. Before his shadow could fall upon the cracked pathway at my side I got to my feet in my heels and my exposed legs, feeling like a newborn foal. The other door lifted in front of me, I got in. God, I felt naked! When the backseat wasn't an option you had to improvise, right? What was going to happen to me then? Gold and shadow. If you are interested in reading something meatier - with a plot - then please do check out my new story Pretend to Chase. o1. It was just me, myself and nature. He had told me that he had only gotten into college on a sports scholarship, forcing him to ensure academic stability. In return, he helped teach me lacrosse, which was a sport I had always wished to pick up on. But at the beginning of last year, she had sought me out to help her get together with Jarred. Elena was in my Spanish 301 class at that time, making her completely unavoidable. Now, I completely regretted doing so. But there was always that one point when enough was enough. I never really understood the logic behind it, but that didn't matter anymore. If I didn't know better, I'd say she was overly clingy. But before I could even move, a bag suddenly landed on my feet as I screamed in shock. It also didn't hurt that he was an absolute sweetheart. By now, Jarred looked ready to pull away, but she was still desperately pulling him closer. It was college; why the hell was I wasting it to pine over one unattainable guy? He smirked, his eyes quickly dashing towards Jarred before landing on me again. Jarred grinned, pounding fists with the other guy. God, did he have any idea what he was doing? The glare she was giving Zack was menacing, but if he noticed, he obviously didn't care. He continued slowly, planting a soft kiss on Elena's temple. He was seriously going to get it later. I watched as he jumped on top of his best friend, who just happened to be walking in that direction. Then again, Zack wasn't valedictorian at his high school for nothing. I made a move to enter, but Jarred quickly stopped me. The words slipped before I could even fathom the damage I had just done. If I had to face him again, who knows what other bullshit I might begin verbally spewing. Nonetheless, his presence brought me back to reality. I slowed down to a slight jog and walked up their steps. I didn't have the right to get mad; when Zack found out what I said, he was going to massacre me. Both were a major asset to the varsity soccer team as well as being two-fifteenths of the desired guys on campus. It seemed like they had truly put time and dedication into making the house come together. Apparently Chris Zhao. With that said, he strolled over to the console and ignoring their protests to move out of the way, he did the worst thing a man could imagine. He said, finally noticing my awkward self standing in the middle of the living room. I was screwed. I had never ever seen Zack like this in the three years I had known him and honestly, I think I'd be better off not seeing this again. Bad timing, that was it. he pleaded. But I failed yet again. He laughed, pulling away from me. Zackary Ko had such an enormous heart; I could never repay him for this. Not only is it similar in length (yet not really), it goes with my theme of cliche, fluff, and just plain old summer fun for this story. I want to finish this before summer's over, or at least finish writing and update frequently in the fall. I'll see how much drama I can cook up for chapter's eight and nine. The car revved up and felt myself shift in the seat as my car sped down the empty road. My eyes fluttered closed and the slick cold of the window was the last thing I felt. I looked down closing my eyes, is that snow? The front of the rental was crush almost completely against a tall tree. I felt a hot breathe cascading down my face and neck. My eyes narrowed to the forest area behind the wolf in front of me…, I grinned my body falling back on the snow, I signed contently as the darkness finally took me. When did that happen? I was snapped out of my thoughts when I heard a movement to my right, I gave silent wince as I automatically jerked my head in that direction. intimidating, and powerful, yet these feelings my aching mind didn't come to realize until the fog cleared from my mind. This man was more lean that the first, and though he was definitely intimidating, the first man…amber eyes…he was dangerous. My scattered mind focused on his big dimpled smile. And werewolves how hard did I hit my head? They were both very muscled with board shoulder and strong arms…I was starting to detect a theme here. My mind flashed to the list of things a group of board shoulder supposed werewolves would want with a woman…there was only one thing on that list. He didn't blink once while he was watching the punk boy. Our battle ended in a stalemate a couple of slaps later. But, still kind of adorable. my mom said cheerfully. It amused them nearly as much as it amused me, but then again, they were alcoholics. I curled up on the loveseat, hands wrapped around my tea mug. Finn's two older brothers were out tinkering with one of the trucks in the yard. Sadly, this also appeared to be Finn's aim, and we collided in our stalking paths more often than not. The more he swears, the more he is crying for help. he said, but he sounded almost affectionate. The fact that I often saw the punks getting ice cream at Dairy Queen's didn't play into it at all. I said to him, and ran up to the counter in anticipation. The punk boy's eyes dipped down to his mouth for a second, and then he licked his own lips and looked away, faintly pink. Good thing, too, because Finn was glaring and his hackles were up. Sometimes, Finn does kind of scary stuff, and it worries me. None of them were getting up to help him, though. Jack said. Jack just kicked him in the balls. Judging from the look on Finn's face, he was prepared to hold Jack there until he died. Finn didn't let him go. He thrashed free and then proceeded to grab the one guy by his abdominal muscles and slam him back into an empty booth. I told him. His face lit up, and he took his cigarette out of his mouth to come closer. he mumbled. The punk boy's fingers tightened on Finn's face and for a second I thought they were really just going to start making out in front of the local DQ with everyone watching on. Sometimes bravery comes in battle, and sometimes it comes with tiny little punk boys making homosexual advances on brawny jocks with bruised knuckles. Finn sulked and fled with the bottle of whiskey to the porch. My face went numb on the first gulp and I gagged. He probably needed it more than me. You think someone that was so popular would have more people he trusted enough to confide in. He drank a bit more whiskey, and then carefully capped the bottle and put in on the end table. I was getting sick of how unhappy he was all the time. I half-expected them all to start snapping their fingers. Finn could easily shell out the punk boy and move on with his golden life. And I could remember Finn's face in that photo, the tiny, unguarded flash of happiness in that moment when he had kissed the punk boy back. He was standing there, chin held high, radiating anger, him against the world. A few guys visibly recoiled. The collapse of his social life would probably be the Finn equivalent of a nuclear bomb. The guy screamed in pain, landed on the pavement in a heap, and everyone gasped again. he yelled. I lingered a couple steps behind him the whole way there. There was no way I was entering the killzone that was the parking stall, but if he was actually crying, I would feel bad. There was no way I could drive that beast, anyways, and in the condition Finn was in, I didn't want him driving. I answered for the both of us. Finn was thrown into the corner of the passenger seat with a muffled curse. he said unnecessarily, parking across two stalls. I couldn't believe Frankie was the same kid who had seized Finn yesterday and planted one on him. They were both such losers. I followed them down the hall, trying to suppress my snickering. the doctor asked. he muttered, dabbing iodine on Finn's wounds. And there I was, following them around, ruining their moment. Sure, Finn's social status was destroyed, and he was one half of the only gay couple in the entire school, and he no longer had his hockey, football and rugby teams to put on his transcript, but maybe now he would actually be happy. Finn had his face in his hands the whole time. They won their next three games and were heading to the provincials. I was just happy that Finn was in such a blissful haze that he actually let me hang out with his hot, hot jock was a good situation. they all sang. The chick was writhing on top of Gary, whose head shot up from the mattress in bewilderment. I kicked him playfully and he sent me a glare. Instead, I grabbed a Pop-Tart and went into the living room. His eyebrow piercing gleamed as his head turned. He looked like a football player and I instantly smiled. That story stars Bennett and his sister, Vivian as she struggles with a surprise pregnancy. . but it just made sense, ya know? And better than the version you read! For more information, please visit my Tumblr or Wordpress, listed in my profile. All the Olympians were safe. She had ensured their victory and earned herself the title of Queen of Olympus. She smiled, enjoying the grip of her daughter's tiny hands and staring into her wide, pale eyes. Cyane bowed and departed quickly. And if he did… she held her infant daughter closer. She turned back to Aidon, glowering. Aidoneus shook his head, then straightened. Too much had already been taken from him today. She looked down at her baby girl, who murmured softly as she drifted to sleep. He didn't understand matters of the heart any more than he understood childbirth or the movements of the sea. something undetectable, yet I know it's there. I can't wipe off the smug look on my face as she heaves, large chest rising with every intake of air. I respond, sophisticatedly,  I can't help but smirk as her face gets even more colour—literally turning red. and yeah, that's my theory for his bizarre behavior. I talk a lot, and tend to get off topic and ramble, and he's used to it, but that doesn't mean it doesn't irk him. I turn to him and furrow my eyebrows. A select few of lucky people have seen him, heard him, touched him, and he's done magnificent and otherwise impossible tasks, like shifting land, lifting seas, controlling weather, rebuilding ruin. I glance out the window beside us that spans along the length of this hall and witness a projectile being launched in the far, far distance. Simmer is part rekki, and he's lived all over. Not high. the humans and rekkis versus the jags. Dirt hitters are considered, well, dirt to them, and the only reason they make them is to kill them when they're old enough to do some damage to the enemy. It doesn't happen often, but it happens. I'd rather check out weapons because I'm interested in how they work, and I like fixing things. He's taken aback and looks away as he passes. It isn't particularly related to the word. He pushes off the arch even though he just got comfortable and strides up to me. We are both silent, waiting for the other to speak. I regret not taking the shift pad, which moves ten times faster than this old hunk of crap I'm standing in, but it's too late now, I conclude, as the doors slide shut. I am to check with him every two hours. I'm perfectly fine. As I gaze around, my throat tightens and my body starts to feel weak. Beside her, a boy is completely decapitated. It came from either floor 49 or 50. It's been manipulated. I wonder how many floors the massacre has reached. I head up, because there's less floors to check than if I head down, and so if a good alert system is up here, I won't have to go all the way back up. How come, whoever did this, isn't already dead, going against all these people? Again, that creepy song plays, and I put a hand to my head and try not to back down. upstairs, most likely. I've never had to kill anyone. I peek around the wall. He knows I'm up here—but why was he trying to catch my attention? Something about his features tells me that he likes to play games. The other is his secretary, Fan, who I've spoken to on numerous occasions. Without hesitating, he jumps at the secretary with startling speed, and I lift my gun and pull the trigger, not even flinching as my finger adds pressure. The secretary, on the other hand, didn't even have time to scream before she was impaled straight through the face. I gasp in against the residue and burn of my throat and then force myself back onto my feet, immediately. I've never heard of any dart that can suck the power out of a room. I shift away, trying not to act disgusted because I need to focus on the important thing: the jag. I feel around with my hands, trying to make my way to the desk; to the president of the company. The president's blood. The bloodied knife is pressed to my throat; I can feel the ooze of blood touching the sensitive skin of my neck. At last, I'm able to reach the computer on the president's desk. I can't remember the next digit. I don't know what he's used on me; something that took a hold of a small area of my skin and twisted it until it bled. I keep my balance and run down them, and then towards the shift pad and I slam my palm down on 'floor 1'. They are a comforting sight, but from up here, they look untouchable. Someone has activated the back up lights, so the room is a dull red. A miniature hospital. Out of the blue. I'm sorry. You start to feel nostalgic with all the wonderful memories flooding back to you, making you wistful and whatnot. But I really do want to thank you for having read it before and entertaining my attempts at writing. That's right, a whore. All because of her. So maybe they fall for that? Her plastic boobs may give her that leg up too. Yeah, catching nine husbands in one lifetime is hard don't you agree? A lot goes to my older step brothers and sisters. I'm happy to say I'm an 'experienced' kisser. let's just say my mother past being a millionaire when I was four. You'll be away from all the moving shit and your mother that you hate so much. I still have poor grammar. but not forever". Four". Their elegant, not to mention expensive attire only serves to be a reminder of my inferiority, and I once again tug at my skirt absentmindedly. An elaborate auction and a plus-one ticket, is how I ultimately came to be standing in one of the ritziest hotels in the city. he trails off, evidently expecting a last name. I became his favorite little project after acing a sophomore year economic class a little over two years ago, and he is still convinced that we are the best of friends. Glossy pink lips contrast nicely with her nearly translucent skin, which seems to glow in the dimmed party lighting. Despite the fact that I feel eyes trained on my legs wherever I walk, the dress is perfect for the night's occasion. He exudes domination, power, wealth, as well as a bit of arrogance, and even standing across the room I can feel his aura overtake me. He's scary, intimidating, breathtaking, and alluring all in one glorious package. Yet I can't help but notice that Cora is right: the occasional picture I've seen of him plastered upon some trivial tabloid or across a renowned magazine cover, does not even begin to capture the aesthetic beauty this man possesses. If I were ever in need of a reality check as to where I stand with this crowd, she just provided it. We spend half an hour making small talk about professors, classes, workload, and our post-graduation plans until Cora returns from a flirty conversation with her team leader. Because I love my best friend more than my own life, however, I spend an hour coercing and compelling people with soft smiles and biased words. I roll my eyes, and make a beeline for her, walking as quickly as I can in my borrowed five-inch heels. His attractive figure and intimidating demeanor have haunted my thoughts throughout the night, and it has been a struggle to keep my eyes away from his frame. For a moment, it feels as though we are the only two people in the entire room, maybe even the entire planet. It feels like I've lived through some tacky scene out of a bad Harlequin novel. I've never been under such intense scrutiny in my life, and quite honestly it's a bit unnerving. It is gone, however, before I can even determine if I imagined it or not. Her team leader, Dave I think, mounts the podium and begin to give a speech about what an honor it is to have been given the opportunity to design Columbia's newest green edifice and some of the unique opportunities that having a green building will bring to Columbia. I catch my breath and turn my head away quickly, as I feel my face heat up. I struggle to avoid sniffing his spicy masculine scent, and try my hardest to resist a covert glance up at his tall frame. It seemed simple enough, but I've watched Cora pouring over her work, trying to figure out how to make the building as efficient as possible. It proves to be a trying activity, however, and after yet another one-sided conversation about the difficulties of finding a hair salon that uses tea tree based products, I abandon my attempt at mingling. I run my hand along the edge of the table, taking everything in, until my eyes come to rest on one prize in particular. Even standing in the vicinity of this book is enough to have my heart aching. Some day, in the not so distant future, the kids will blow the family fortune and sell the book on eBay to pay the mounting family debts. He is standing close, maybe too close for comfort even, and I can sense his towering physique looming over me. I turn to face him with a small smile, and am trapped in his shattering grey gaze once again. I shake that thought from my mind. It isn't hard to decide that Colden Cade is really far too attractive for any female's conscious state of mind. Trips to Sevilla and Santorini, however, are not able to fully divert my mind from the man who continues to stand next to me. Men like Colden Cade don't talk to girls like me for no reason. I turn away from the table to give him my complete, undivided attention, as though he didn't already have it. I smile ruefully. Yet something about this offer seems too good to be true. he gestures to the card. Cora is going to freak. I don't need Colden Cade, or anyone else for that matter, telling me where to go. I shudder and quickly set off to find Cora, hoping that maybe my best friend can shed some light on my interesting conversation with Colden Cade. One of her hands is clasped around the arm of a middle-aged man, while the other is holding her gin like a crux. I ignore him evasively and tuck my arm in Cora's, clandestinely slipping the glass from her hand. I decide that I'll have to tell Cora about our interesting conversation when she is sober again. Once things settle down, a white haired man with a radiant smile takes the stage, and the bidding begins. I once again find myself attempting to quell the bubbling laughter that threatens to overspill as a red-faced lawyer loses an abstract painting to his brother. Cora and I exchange a glance as I tap the slender heal of my shoe against the smooth hardwood floor impatiently. I resist the temptation and refuse to break the connection. I feel as though he is trifling with me, and I am missing some essential detail. I shiver involuntarily despite the fact that my skin feels quite warm and I am eternally grateful when the odd feeling disappears. she finally whispers when I don't say anything. It takes a few minutes for the attendant to locate our coats and by the time we exit, the auction is over and the party back in full swing. She is standing next to him, a protective hand wrapped around his arm, impatiently twirling a lock of hair around her finger, all while giving me the dirtiest glare I've ever laid eyes upon in my life. I can almost feel my eyes widen in horror and I quickly snap my head away, practically cantering down the hallway. Coveting a man out of my league can only result in a broken heart. Well I hope you enjoy Knight Love because it was tons of fun to write! You know what I mean right? There you go, my life in print, nice and pretty! Which I am thankful for! Ha. Ha Ha Ha. That's when I met him, Troy. My ribs protruded almost painfully and I posed like a model, sucking in my cheeks and blowing kisses to myself in the mirror for a good laugh. It was maybe two or three blocks away from  where I subsist. He tried so hard to move what little hair he had over, it maybe made it 1/3 of the way then it looked pretty futile. Mr. Masey stood there tapping his foot like a house wife wondering where her husband was all night. You had to love the girl. I wasn't much of a talker. Mom, not so much. The best part is that it's good food! both dealt with computers. I was to a good person, somewhere underneath the hard, anorexic, care-free exterior that is me. He sat right across from me, staring. She came over and opened up her bag at the desk beside me. Lilly didn't look back but when she caught me, her voice would go just a little higher, or she'd clear her throat until I paid attention. I barely made it by. It took a minute to register. He kept moving in front and I looked up at him in confusion. Apparently the Black Knight here wouldn't see to it. I chose traffic. I spun on my heels, my heart beating out of my chest and then let out a deep breath Chris looked at me with a furrowed brow. I commanded but he held firm. In this case I was frantic, my heart beat wildly like the increasing sound of warrior drums and then I swear it stopped, for in that same instant there was a quick blur and then I was weightless, in someone's arms. There was a low deep rumbling and then everything went flying and I just looked up aimlessly at another mysterious man, and oddly enough, or maybe I was just that out of it, either way, I wasn't afraid. I was disoriented and checked my watch, it was midnight. He reached into his jean pocket for less than a second and unlocked the door, turned the knob and walked inside. I looked over at who I hoped was a guy and not some really burly woman. His eyes weren't the same as the other guys, they were a soft silver color and somehow he saw in the darkness, I guessed it was because his eyes were so light they glowed. I nodded softly in the darkness and I heard a sigh of relief. I bet the sick, hot, bastard had fun with that. I'm just really freaked and irritated and should be in bed at , on the couch, ignoring everything except the T.V. which would be playing softly, drowning out the sounds of moving cars. How did he know? God, that felt good. I don't know how I had managed that, but it felt great to sock something! I squirmed. I'm being held captive by some crazy pedophile and I'm supposed to not squirm? Then I bit him. Who ever it was caught me before I had time to bust my butt. I heard a grunt from Troy, but Leon just continued to smile at me sweetly. Troy followed behind me having somehow managed to put on pants in the two seconds it took for me walk out the door. Oh damn, I bet mom sold me into being a sex slave or something, that's just like her too. The guy with amber eyes turned and smiled Leon smiled back,  he raised his hand in a dismissive hello to Leon and then looked down at me. Leon decided, thankfully, to break the silence. I shook my head at Leon's question. She was so motherly, not that I knew what that felt like, but I could guess this was motherly. Vince winced as he was scolded like he wasn't two times her size. ! Then from the shadows, I was kind of imagining big foot or The Joker, steps a snarling black haired beauty. Leon pulled me away and put both hands on my shoulders. Leon squeezed my shoulders. Troy came in through the doorway and sat beside me propping his elbows on the nicely polished table. It was the most delicious thing I'd ever tasted. I feel really uncomfortable leaving it here especially if I don't check on it for a while. Calvin usually got the basement when he returns on his leave, to the others disappointment. They call me geek to because the other I inherited from my dad was that I need glasses when reading to my chagrin but I got over it in freshman years and don't give a damn anymore. Uncaringly I scoffed it down before my twin came looking to eat, because if he did he would always steal my food. Alex's walked into the room grinning. I opened the window grinning at them as we drove of laughing hysterically. Ukk, never thought of him like that, he was one of my few close friends before he left. ' she asked. Belle of the ball, remember? No? I never asked to be a guy. ". And then what's the point in even trying to be a teenager anymore? We all have little things people find disgusting. As if on cue, the announcer comes on. Like our opinion matters at all in this world. She has her hands roaming all up and down his body, looking for a way into it. It doesn't matter the guy, I just wish for once I could have a passionate relationship with someone. I quickly pull my bag up my arm, and walk towards the math and science building. Except me. Something I liked to look at as I day dreamed. We were almost complete opposites, but we still love to be around each other. We mouthed sorry. Or I would give her an earful. Finally. And I liked it like that. It had it's own little thing going on. We could listen to our iPods, or play with our cellphones in class. Oh, well. But I remember the table Ms.Denis wanted was backstage, so I hurriedly rounded the corner, only to come face to face with Trey Shelly and Brittany. Now, that makes me uncomfortable. It's so high and fast. My worst nightmare. Wow, even in the dark, you can see those bright blue eyes. I shake my head. Oh! Without asking something from me? And yet, it doesn't stop me from having to repeat it to myself over and over again. A new story. I should be playing. he asked petulantly. he murmured. Moron. I exclaimed, pulling away breathlessly. I whined, crawling frantically and clumsily to the other side of the bed. Anyway, since little Timmy was so very insulted by the mention of that color, hopefully Tyler would feel that selfsame sting and never come near me again. I said hopefully. ; ; . I managed to say before Tyler grabbed me by the neck and kissed me sweetly. Otherwise, he wouldn't be helping me write this speech for her Sweet Sixteen. And his mom was a California girl. So I just started laughing again. ; ; . I'm popular! I grumbled. I asked hopefully. ; ; . I knew I was being cruelly punished! He can't get away with lying to me! ; ; . At least that's one less worry off my plate. Dum dum dum! he stopped, furrowing his brows. He was blocking the lunch line. ; ; . I said, pulling at the black bow around my middle and waggling my eyebrows. ; ; . Cutie pie. Suddenly my back was pressed against the wall and I was pressing into him and—what on earth were my hands doing in his hair? Those speeches are probably somewhere downstairs on the floor or something. but it was heckas fun to write. I should be playing. he asked petulantly. he murmured. Moron. I exclaimed, pulling away breathlessly. I whined, crawling frantically and clumsily to the other side of the bed. Anyway, since little Timmy was so very insulted by the mention of that color, hopefully Tyler would feel that selfsame sting and never come near me again. I said hopefully. ; ; . I managed to say before Tyler grabbed me by the neck and kissed me sweetly. Otherwise, he wouldn't be helping me write this speech for her Sweet Sixteen. And his mom was a California girl. So I just started laughing again. ; ; . I'm popular! I grumbled. I asked hopefully. ; ; . I knew I was being cruelly punished! He can't get away with lying to me! ; ; . At least that's one less worry off my plate. Dum dum dum! he stopped, furrowing his brows. He was blocking the lunch line. ; ; . I said, pulling at the black bow around my middle and waggling my eyebrows. ; ; . Cutie pie. Suddenly my back was pressed against the wall and I was pressing into him and—what on earth were my hands doing in his hair? Those speeches are probably somewhere downstairs on the floor or something. but it was heckas fun to write. Now this is my very first story, so make sure to tell me what to think! She tugged at my comforter and yanked it off, revealing my body to the unusually cold temperature. When I looked back at her, she winked at me. I love pancakes! I scowled at her and rubbed my hand. I gave her a disapproving look, making her hopeful smile turn to a desperate frown. Not that I have a million bucks. Ms. Hafer was never married and each kid, except for Mattie and Jamie (they were twins), had different dads. Thank God they went to sleep an hour before or I would have been even worse off. Everyday I wished I was in a ballroom wearing that dress, dancing with the love of my life. He was wearing semi- tight jeans with a black shirt that said in pink letters  He had tousled blonde hair and striking blue eyes. He smirked as I tried to get away and pushed me back into the window full of the dresses. Thankfully someone came and his body was wrenched off of me. His voice snapped me back to reality. I shot the people staring a look, and they looked away, scurrying off with their tails in between their legs. I joined into the happiness, but after 5 minutes abruptly stopped it. I jumped up and down in glee, but stopped when my mother got up and grabbed my shoulders. My mother would only have to clean a few rooms and I would have no responsibilities except respecting the people living there and going to school. I hoped the school would be great and not anything like my old school. This was the type of thing that my mother and I were waiting for. One week until I could start a new chapter in my life. Is it worth continuing? Truth be told, he suspected that they moved to make his life more difficult as it fit in with the rest of the rain cloud that constantly crowded over his head. And him, the man who was currently giving him a recipe for retrieving the newest dim-witted slut to appear at a function and then give a more private showing afterwards. No, Bastian Barrington was boss and, since his take over of the family throne that was the position of CEO, everyone did as he said. Bastian made it well known that he was a top man, a man's man who like nothing more than burying himself in a warm hole. No way he was getting fired because he was crushing on his boss. No, he would not resort to acting like a tramp or idiot just go get the man's attention. Outside he just nodded and smiled. -. He wanted to show up on Bastian's doorstep dressed to impress and give the man what he asked for. He almost felt sorry for them and he would have had it been anyone but Bastian they were going to have in a way Christopher knew he never would. But he wasn't what he wanted. This was the guy, now came the awkward part. he pulled out his Android and showed the man the background of his phone - a snapshot of his employer. Hook, line, and sinker. -. He did so cautiously as the man had a serious expression on his face as he looked down his nose at him as if he were some sort of insect. Maybe he want invisible to the man! There wasn't a single thing that came to mind that he could have done better as he always put his all into everything. Years of building up to be the best Administrative Assistant he could be wasted because he failed at choosing a man to send to fuck the man he love most? Reaching forward he gripped the man's head hard and kissed him for all he was worth before pulling away and walking out the door and leaving a bewildered boss standing there staring after him. . The only thing that was missing was an adorable puppy tailing after a freckle faced, knock-kneed little boy. I'd grown up here so the beachy, shabby chic charm had long worn off, but I now found myself with a lopsided smile on my face as I stared at the familiar landscape of my hometown. Footsteps tread lightly on the staircase inside and a familiar face opened the door and enfolded me in a fierce hug. I gave him an awkward, one-armed hug. I wisely chose not to comment on it. I realized, with a pang of guilt, that I'd barely spoken to Chloe since she'd given birth. Chloe and John had spent several years remodeling it and their gourmet kitchen made me green with envy. The silence in the room seemed deafening after he left. After a long swig, I took a deep breath, and began to tell her the story. It would be the last time he actually spoke to me for another thirteen years. Funny how life repeats itself. Here you go. Make sense? They might as well be Japanese. She continued her cacophony of cheers as Mr. Andrews stalked towards her, his face turning purple in rage. I said over my shoulder as I breezed out the classroom. How so? When I walk down the halls of school I feel a sense of pride as my fellow lowlifes estimate me, no doubt questioning how such a friendship came to be. All I saw was beige-ish skin and bright white teeth. I prayed every night that my Mom would find a rich husband and be happy. It wasn't soon after that Mom gave birth to a beautiful baby boy. No I'm not going to try and steal him, I'm just enjoying the scenery. As if that weren't enough, he spends his weekends volunteering at the animal shelter and went on a charity mission to Africa last summer. I've never seen him beat anybody up, but with a mere look he can reduce you to a pile of human goo. She tucked a large lock behind her dainty ears to reveal the ivory of her face. Ever since dumping his slutty girlfriend Penelope, Reggie has been enamored with Brianna's cold beauty. Perhaps he wanted a new recruit for the 'I hate peons' club, which he was currently the leader and sole member of. I walked down the front steps, mindful of the masses of students pushing past me. At the wheel of perhaps the hottest car alive was none other than Zee's boyfriend. Coughing and belching rudely, the Jeep absolutely refused to start. Huh. I tucked an unruly lock behind my ear and pretended I didn't spend the past five minutes cursing and fighting my jeep. She says the best people are the ones with kinda flat butts, because then they're clothes are looser and their items more accessible. I knew my face was stretched into a stupid grin and that my blue eyes looked like marbles, but I didn't care. I ducked a little beneath the wheel and headed towards my brother's middle school and then home, trying my hardest not to think about Kirk's butt. I just hope I have the dedication to finish it. I tilted my head slightly so she had more access to my neck and so he was in my line of vision. I excused the strange sensation in my stomach to be one of curiosity. Long nails pressed dangerously into the soft flesh there as she crushed her lips into mine. This made me tense due to the fact that Kirsten was dangerous when inebriated. Some would rotate around the room while others stayed with their poison of choice. My hand twitched slightly at my side as I pictured sketching his figure onto a blank page. It took me a moment to realize that alongside the stash of chemicals, there was a lamp positioned in the center of each group, casting its color on the faces surrounding it. He was staring with an empty expression at the orange lamp between us, the lava slowly rising and falling. Voices and faces moved in and out of focus save for one. I tried to ignore them by looking away but parts of the verbal exchange were loud enough for me to hear. . I couldn't locate Kirsten in the room which didn't bother me at all. He was smiling at me, his face not suggestive or accusing as he did so. The crowd pushed against us as he led me against the current of people. He waited for me to do the same before casually walking away from the scene. He added with a smirk. A long silence followed the statement leaving me to break it. Great he was enjoying this. How was I going to stay here for a year with that distraction around? Usually he was in some form of t-shirt and jeans so he was covered up. I wasn't really listening. Then Brooke interrupted my train of thought. Her instructions were I could do anything I wanted to the room except knock down walls. As my back was still facing him I decided to carry on as usual and see how long he is going to stand there. I quickly turned round and spoke. What did he find so amusing? If we went swimming he was going to have to take his shirt off again and I would most likely drown in the pool due to hyperventilation. Drown or reject. Crap! Everything was always great. Things only changed a few years ago. We hadn't seen each other in person since Brooke's Birthday, 5 months ago. Let's just say he has really changed the way he looks. It had been about 2 and half years since we had last seen each other. Everyone suspected us of being more than friends, which made us unsure how to act around each other. To my surprise he deepened the kiss and brought his tongue into my mouth, which almost floored me. She can be very protective and wouldn't want to see either of us getting hurt. Drama has only brought me trouble. The fact that we go to the same school now doesn't help though. Now it shouldn't be so weird being here. There is no in-between. Then again I'm biased considering I'm completely starving. When the person came into focus I saw it was Parker Faley who was my friend then boyfriend for three years before he transferred. As Parker sauntered into the kitchen he brushed his dirty blond hair out of his dark mahogany eyes. Oh I forgot how good he looked. His eyes were piercing. Black and crispy all over. I forgot how sweet it sounded. Twenty minutes later we were downstairs ready to go. They also like to fool around with any girl who gives them the time of day. This is where things became murky. That left Jack, Parker and myself. Parker never came out and just said it but he always suspected me of cheating on him. It was as if he had read my mind. His response almost floored me. Luckily no one else at the table spotted his gesture. It sort of spluttered out my mouth. Brooke and Mitch both looked at Parker as Jack gazed in the other direction unhappily. At the end of the meal everyone got up from the table and headed out towards the parking lot. They both looked pretty hurt by what I said. The journey home was the same, no one spoke. Clearly he had no intention to stay over. He looked taken aback by my tone and decided to respond in the same manor I had. Jack sat next to me and put his hand on mine. I know, you want to gag from that last comment but it's still true. Jack left a message then shut his phone and put it in his jacket. He shook his head then answered. Jack eventually found blankets and tossed me the larger one. I watched him lay down then slowly my eyes closed and I drifted off to sleep when he smiled comfortingly at me. I thought back to what Jack said about being cold then glanced over at the jacket sitting on the counter where he left it. So my stealthy movements really paid off. I stopped and looked round to see him motioning for me to lie next to him. Jack then wrapped the blanket round me and pulled me close to him so we were lying next to each other. He whispered something about body heat escaping but I was high on his cologne. Next thing I realised, my eyelids were starting to feel really heavy and I slowly drifted off to sleep. I apologize in advance for the inconsistencies my re-writing will cause later in the story. She had just finished calling the last of them now, though, and they all suddenly had 'other things' that they were busy with, though none could tell her exactly what those all-important 'other things' were. These next two weeks were going to be wonderful. And her mother couldn't rope her into any last minute chores. She struggled in vain, but before long, the sunny day faded into darkness and she felt herself falling. She could barely make out anything, except that there were slivers of light around the edges of the walls and door. Vivian began to sob and wished, not for the last time, that she had just stayed home. The fear on their faces amplified her own. Any attempt she made to attack the men was answered with a fist. Most of them left, presumably to get others out of the truck, but one remained, running his foul hands down her body, groping her breasts and crotch before drawing a knife and cutting her clothes off. Vivian closed her eyes, shuddering, and trying to block out everything around her, wishing she could wake up from this vile and perverted nightmare, hoping that it was all just a terrible dream. The man groping her grinned evilly and responded to the newcomer, again in the language she didn't recognize. She couldn't feel the cold, either. Her palms and knees stung as she scrambled to get up again, but before she could, the door slammed shut, leaving her in utter darkness. Slowly, the darkness and cold ate away at her fears and pain, leaving her with only fatigue. Vivian spat out the disgusting fabric gratefully, and took a deep breath, savoring the cool air against her tongue. A soft whimper escaped her lips, a sound of combined pain, fear, and exhaustion. She shivered, and even though the room was pitch dark, she still got the impression that the man was sizing her up, staring at her. She tried another small shove, experimentally, and this time he shifted, scooping her knees out from under her with one arm, lifting her without apparent effort. She could hear his breath, and feel the shadow of his warmth looming over her. He might have a key, or knife or something that she could take. When he released her again, she slid away from him again, under the blankets now though, and put her back to the wall again, wishing it would evaporate so she could run. She stayed perfectly still, hardly even breathing. Skin to skin contact was a shock, and he seemed to be burning hot against her chilled skin. It registered that her cold feet had touched him in a place cold toes should never venture. She hadn't meant to. After a few minutes of this, he moved back up and claimed her mouth with his. All she wanted was to go home. She couldn't get any leverage, and he didn't budge. She was about to bite his tongue when the hand on her neck flexed, warning her against it. Of course, he wasn't. She drew in a deep breath, trying to remind herself that she could still breathe, and the pressure in her chest was fear. The feeling of being suffocated grew more intense, though his weight had shifted to put less pressure on her. He stayed still for a bit, lying on top of her and letting her get used to his size, then he began to move. She shuddered and clawed at the string holding it around her neck, but couldn't find the knot or break it. Some time later, she drifted off into sleep again. Perhaps she could catch them unawares once they took the bag off her head. Maybe the Sims can teach my bother something about himself. he noticed. THATS IT! But in this case, the victim was not a ninety eight pound weakling to begin with. ! Why the hell was I born a light sleeper? Very a la Romeo and Juliet. . (Yes, I am going to get that paper bag, right about now. Rita Gill. I have just been dragged from my home in India all the way to America for my own good. It was either move in with my brother, or with my 1000-year-old grandparents. Despite being a bit strange, Dodger's parents were very nice people, and they had been good friends with my folks. I'll give you the whole story when I find a little time to myself… if I find a little time to myself. Of all my nicknames, Dodger favored the most obnoxious one: Annie-Bananie. That didn't mean I wanted him or anything—I was just stating a fact. Ben was about nine inches taller than me at 6'1. There was nothing on the walls except for a calendar featuring the ladies from The Girls Next Door. It was my fault they were gone. I was Annabelle Raleigh, Central Valley High School's number one party girl… and my parents were dead because of it. How could he not be mad at me? All I could do now was be a good sister to Ben, because Mom and Dad weren't coming back, no matter how sorry I was. Dodger, on the other hand, enjoyed nothing more than a few beers after a long day. I was a little messed up, but I wasn't crazy. It wasn't that he was stupid; he just didn't use his head a whole lot. Anyway, I know this plot is sort of a cliche (as are all of my stories, no surprises here) but I plan on giving it my own little twist! Hell. Especially this early in the morning because if any – visitors – it's going to be someone in my family. just don't watch it for anything else other than that and Topgear. and I also happen to steal their newspapers and magazine subscriptions when they're dropped outside their doors. . I hope to God it's not Cheri O'Conner's boyfriend because last time I saw her she was threatening to get her boyfriend to punch me in the face for nicking her jeans from the clothes line. ? I don't even remember seeing this guy, and boy, his voice surely doesn't betray his looks. Never. I don't know, I haven't been out much lately – the only time I've been out is when I've been nicking stuff or going to the post box and sending my mail (while simultaneously, nicking stuff). Didn't he say he's here for canoeing? I blink and stare at the door. God! He looks kind of mad. he wants to know. I don't remember him at all. But then there's that romantic side of me coming from reading the old lady's romantic novels next door. . I don't know why though, it's not like I care what he thinks. Like a rollercoaster. I blink in utter confusion. He's at the library, and so am I. I asked his mum to make sure. almost like I want to steal him. Can you? He already stole the stuff I stole back. Tell him I don't like him. If his smile is the polite kind, or if he frowns or looks away, that's a bad sign that maybe he isn't interested in you after all. Distracting myself from him and my own embarrassment I get down on my knees to reach for the magazine that has slipped underneath a book shelf. Give him my best smile. He hasn't smiled back, he hasn't become all flustered and he hasn't frowned or smiled politely either). It comes to me. I'm not sure whether it is a good or bad sign – or even if a good sign really is a good sign. I frown down at my feet. I don't know what I'm trying for, but it seems like the thing to do since I already started it. I don't want to miss my chance. I sigh. But he still has hair I guess and there's no point not trying. That's a good thing! He sighs, and I blink. To follow him around. I'm not stupid. It's totally true concerning my father; he gives her a whopping big smack on the lips when she makes lasagne. but I'm hoping to get something, at the very least. I just rang the doorbell and he should be answering it any moment now. Is she a hooker? That's illegal. What is he thinking? Oh my God. I take her prostitute hand in my own wondering if she is a victim to arranged marriage between herself and Jo. ? whatever the heck they're eating, and whatever they are planning on doing afterwards. panicked? Maria finishes off and drops our hands, leaving mine and Jo's still attached. I look at Jo's hands, but they bear no rings. I blink and start to feel a little sick; do they have to flirt in front of me? He earned that. It comes soon. She sure doesn't look nineteen. She's a nice, beautiful girl who is very deserving of her share of my soup and cooks a mean batch of nachos. ? Steal things? I've stopped for something that now – I realise too late – I love more. But it is when it's all you've done, along with some other things, since you've been a small child (starting with plastic dinosaurs from kindergarten). Who promptly swears at me in surprise as I rush past him, and then swears again when his brother comes bursting out of the house. Until not very stealthily, I trip over someone's garden hose and he's leaning down over me. But he doesn't let go. I can't really blame or be mad at him for being disabled by my awesome kissing skills. I did attempt that in kindergarten. Very bad for your reputation and could probably result in jail time. They're just chapters that were replaced with revised chapters. HURRR. I stared at the house's  sign lodged haphazardly into the ground. It kind of sucked, since I wouldn't be returning to my previous school. Hello freedom. Then finally, I heard a clicking sound come from within the car, and the back door facing me opened. Alas, the eyes of a nine year old; too young to understand pre-teen fashion. I looked down at my attire and shifted awkwardly on my feet. He looked almost like a girl; he had black make-up around his eyes and little splashes of glitter painted onto his eyelids. I always used to watch Mom put on her make-up and I would stare at her with some sort of screwed up tension as she carefully applied her black eyeliner—I was always deadly afraid that she would poke her eye out someday, so I guess he was the same then? A slender hand painted with a random pattern of black and neon green nail polish came up to his face and brushed the edge of his blond fridge towards the side. I guess it was just human nature for me to try to make myself look good around someone new. I turned around to meet the curly blond storming her way over towards me. I was the type who liked to find buried treasure and explore the forest-like park that was around the corner of Studebaker Drive. I clambered up the porch steps and opened the screen door, letting it close behind me with a tiny click. I really liked that cartoon and Robin was my favorite character because he really knew how to fight and never gave up when he was in a tough situation. One, my mother had a hard time saying no and practically said yes to anything and two, the boys thought having a girl in their gang would lead to a mass infection of cooties. I smiled at that. I would always watch her go about and put on her old make-up whenever her guests would come over. It was like he was an alien invading the space of an ordinary suburban neighborhood, its only previous freak of nature that of a smart tomboy. I was stuck. Neither of us did anything. something happened. PLEASE leave a review if you can too, 'cuz I eat them for breakfast. He's only been here a week too. Her elbow length hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail and adorned with a very loud, scrunched up black and yellow hair tie. He wasn't hung over – he had been up all night working on his essay and she knew it. He only had so much free time, and he didn't want to spend it trapped inside textbooks. On one hand, it was loud and irritating and did nothing to improve his headache, but on the other, it meant that he could escape most of his dreaded English period. They were suddenly surrounded by people, everyone pushing and shoving as they moved through the too-narrow corridors. Nate wished they had left them in their classrooms. Last month it had been clue, this month it was a messy combination of black and red. He was ready to snap at whoever was holding them up, but as he looked up into captivating green eyes, his angry retort trailed into nothing. Now that they were face to face he could see why the girls got so sucked in by him, and that only irritated him more. Nate glared at her as she cast him a meaningful  look and disappeared into the crowd. What could Kieran possibly want with him? He looked back down the corridor as though checking that no one was there and brushed some of his dark hair out of his eyes. The look sent an unexplained chill down Nate's spine. Nate narrowed his eyes, and then suddenly, in a flash of movement, Kieran's fingers were in Nate's hair and lips soft against his ear. For fear? He could hear Kieran laughing as he ran down the corridor, but he didn't look back and Kieran didn't chase him. he swore, and remembered Kieran's arrogant expression. Not only was it painfully embarrassing, but who would believe that the perfect, charming and idolized new student would have any interest, good or bad, in Nate, an average and uninteresting boy two years his junior? Please let me know what you think of it! Or will one of them flee? Valerie was his life. Valerie would teach him that, she would teach him life. And secretly, he hoped Zachary would fall in love immediately. At first I knew what I wanted to write, all the ideas were there, but I didn't know how it was all going to play out. It would help in seeing what I am doing right and wrong and more importantly just give me some encouragement. my. (Fear not, I have recently reposted them, all for the same lovely price. This might hurt me in attracting new readers, but I'm aware that those of you who are familiar with my writing want my writing and not my pictures, which I am so incredibly grateful for. There are no coincidences in Onyx, not with a war brewing, and Andie doesn't realize it but she's right in the middle of it all. But that's only if Ronnie and Aiden can overcome their respective pride and admit to having feelings for each other in the first place. When the police start to suspect the Gulls' star goaltender, a man Seraphina believes is innocent, she is determined to solve her grandfather's murder herself. If you're not following me, please make sure you do! I also ask my beta readers for their input on potential story ideas, character portrayals, and more, so the ability to be open and think critically is essential. I do ask my designers for their input on what they're designing, so look forward to bouncing ideas off of each other. Also dedicated to my friends, Tecna, Nasreen, Sumaiya Khan, Anisa and JC. Jeez, I was just craving for chocolate and a 24-hour-long bubble bath to ease out the pain, but it was school tomorrow, and at this rate, I wouldn't have time to shower in the morning, let alone have a bubble bath. Where was it? My eyes darted across the shadowed room, before I got up, tiptoed across the laminated floor and switched on the light. I frowned and checked the drawers, thinking it might have fallen in them, but it wasn't there either. But still, as always, please review! Let me have one fantasy! I've begun to worry that I'll be one of those weird kids who hates college and lives on her own and has no friends. This is just so awkward, starting over from scratch. Hah! We'd probably been lovers in an earlier life or something. . He's definitely mine. . Even after you called her a bitch. She's totally my favorite! Life sucks, and fantasy world is such a more entertaining place to live. . And it's all stairs. Fascinated, I tried to not let on that I knew what they were doing. Stupid boys. Not to mention the tan that I would kill for. Welcome to my life for the last twelve years. This is dirty blond, thankyouverymuch. And I'm not a seven! . ! Yeah, around there. Yes, the two jackasses could now stare at my big flabby ass and my Beauty and the Beast underwear. He wasn't the lead role in the play for nothing. And he knew that she needed the money for her, because their relationship was based on all things hypothetical. Maybe because she knew that he knew that she had no friend who needed lunch money; hypothetical questions are always direct. With his equilibrium tipped, he fell onto the sidewalk. Again. In any case, she never believed anything hypothetical out of his mouth. If he were president of his class, he would have made sure that the dress code to prom was changed. As he looked towards the illuminated building with music humming out the doors and people mulling around the entrance, he tried to find a reason for walking across the parking lot and into those doors feeling very awkward and out of place in the midst of all those people. Heaven on earth! You're starting year twelve, yes? In the rich school for bratty kids. The challenge was to create a bizarre resolution. No way. Hands clasped over her breasts. It would be absolutely selfish. Might as well let the cat out of the bag. Oh, God. Jesus. As if. Then again, she supposed that her  – as Sophie put it – would probably be easier to carry out with some help. Perfecto. They were her best friends, but she wasn't an extremely open person when it came to her feelings – specifically, feelings about guys. This was news. Mmmmmm. Mmm, just wait. Gone, beneath shorts and invisible with the pair of ratty sweats she had on. Oh, Christ. Did they even have one-hit KOs in wrestling, or was that only boxing? And the bindings were damned itchy. Kept her head down, and opened the door. No way. Certainly, she hadn't expected to see anyone. Ooh. Very nice. Although, that answers one question. She was getting drunk off the sight of him. With little erect nipples. The shadows created by his triceps were, in a word, mouth-watering. Though, it did cross her mind that she ought to stop staring and flee. Which, you know, currently looked a bit amused. His effect on her senses weren't natural, and if her heart beat any faster, she'd have heart failure. Ashamed, she swatted his hand aside and dropped her gaze, too appalled to look at him. Who knew? Her and I, obviously; Heather (and now her newly acquired boyfriend Louis, who was sort of weird, no offense); Simon, who, although I have been close to him since the beginning of high school was still a mystery to me; and his best friend, Jason, on who, although she would never admit it, I knew Ashley had a slightly major crush. Which is one reason why I loved Market Square: because it had an almost surreal feel to it, like for once in my miniscule high school life I was somewhere more interesting than suburbia. Like something magical was going to happen. I had a feeling that he was either planning to do something really obnoxious during it, or look at it as an excuse to make out with Heather during the romantic scenes. But whatever. Ever. I wouldn't really know, though, considering I've never happened to be looking in a mirror when I've been blushing, but you get the point. Louis was taking over my friends. I knew I could count on him. I was going to have to pound him. I added, pointing towards this huge group, every one of which was decked out head to foot in red. Jason shrugged and followed, and Ashley, naturally, followed suit, glancing over her shoulder and mouthing 'Sorry'. Oh, who was I kidding? The only person in the world who called me by my last name, because he thought it was funny that my surname was 'Lick-ee,' as he liked to spell it. Just because I wouldn't see a stinking movie? I looked like this huge idiot while he pretended he was coming to my rescue or something. The kind about white trash thugs who deal drugs with their thong and cleavage girlfriends. And it was set in modern times. Barely ever, actually. Except it wasn't anywhere in sight. Surprisingly gentle for the way I couldn't move, but still. Double oh. I was going to go to the bookstore and read and pretend like that's what I'd been planning on doing the whole time. So I ignored him. He is such a turd. she said, raising her eyebrows and putting a hand on her hip. Louis didn't know what he was missing out on. I looked up at the Christmas lights strung across the buildings and trees, illuminating the courtyard that had a tunnel under it where the boat went under it, and walked over to the ledge over the water. But then I remembered. Which I doubt. That was it. he said, trying to sound cool and calm but not really managing to. It was perfect. I should have said something like, 'wow, thanks, you were right. Which is why I wanted to so badly in the first place. Sort of. Sometimes I hated being a redhead. I felt all warm and tingly, despite the fact that my entire backside was sort of wet. Sort of. It was one of those you-would-have-had-to-have-been-there situations, which, actually, are the funniest kind. And suddenly I thought, holy crap, is he going to kiss me? One of those horse drawn carriages they only have during Christmas rolled by, jingling. …Holly? And Mistletoe was the pretty one with red berries? But I can't be wrong, remember? What, was he going to whip out a wildlife book or something? Was I dreaming? But then again… I always found myself laughing when I was with him, and never running out of things to say. It sounded so good with his deep voice. Simon grumbled something about cell phones and how they distracted people, and I couldn't help but grin at how cute it was when he grumbled. And since none of them wanted to call their parents, and the police didn't really want any trouble, since it wasn't really a big deal, so they ended up just having to stay in the theatre in one of the offices, watched by the police, until someone  would come get them. I smiled and told him it was okay too. I win! GOSH. o. :) As long as you review. A lot. A new story. Routine can get you killed. Nothing ever changes. I'd move on to second period, then third, fourth, lunch, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and then, finally, school will end and I'd go home. Noticing the shift of attention, the teacher turned to the door, eyebrows furrowed, ready to start lecturing the poor student who had dared be late to his class. His long, straight hair was a deep, midnight black, shining with a slight emerald tint in the sunlight through the window ― like only true black hair can do. He had just moved here with his family. Most of the people who live in this town are white, middle class Americans. I felt a weird excitement at the idea of the new kid sitting near me. Before I realized what I was doing, I nearly fell out of my seat as I jumped to quickly grabbed him, stopping him from falling onto the ground. He looked up at me, and I finally saw his eyes. Warm. He scribbled on it, then quickly passed it back to me. ' was all the next note said. He had gotten up as soon as the bell rang and rushed out of the classroom. Justin's face slowly paled, and he realized the error of his ways. So don't think you're anything special. Good thing I won't be around when that happens. Okay, so I do catch you most of the time, but only because my mother raised me to be a gentleman and I wouldn't want to disappoint her or anything. So really, I'm just looking out for your well-being. So if I die of a heart attack and they ask how something like that could happen to such a healthy and athletic young man, know that it was your fault. I'm just too lazy to right now. You know the place you always hear about in the newspaper? Hey, I wanted to retain my virginity. I definitely wouldn't have called myself a princess. left me alone to deal with my father. He had the blackest hair I'd ever seen and wore clothes so black he was hot in two ways. I decided to go out to the park because I didn't think it was healthy for me to stay in my apartment with my dad much longer. That somehow I was the one to make him leave. He hadn't let me out of the house in so long, but today…today he was being slightly nicer. I stared almost horrified at them, as I realised I would have no way of getting out of the situation, not with their strength. The sun was still out…well sort of. If I stalled long enough, maybe someone would see me and help…at least I prayed someone would. And loudly too. His hand even smelled disgusting. He glared at me with sadistic eyes. They were going to rape me, and then probably kill me. I looked over at the group of guys to see that they were outnumbered by another group. But when you are about to get raped, that all doesn't seem to matter. I didn't even know this guy and he was already claiming me! With his tight shirt exposing his arms you could see he obviously worked out at the gym. I covered my face in embarrassment, trying to hide the tears, but Shad gently took my hands away and pushed my chin up to meet his eyes. And later on, when I spent time mulling over the whole situation, I figured that the reason I'd been able to handle the hug, had nothing to do with its physical aspects. They were talking amongst themselves. Although, I guess that one meeting didn't really make him a prince, but it made me a princess! But it was the end of the summer and school was finally starting. I wouldn't have enough time to cover up. She took the bus because her parents were nicer than my dad (heck anyone's nicer than him)—and they bought extra tickets for me. After all, it was hard to keep from her since we met each other in the playground at three. He told us that he loved chocolate so much that he only kissed girls who loved chocolate too (I didn't need to know that) and that he could be happy forever in a rainbow and butterfly chocolate land! She turned and stared back at me. All I could say was that he maybe perhaps deserved a break, even if I had to take the consequence. But I guess it's hard since me and Rachel are both small. If they can barely keep the parks alive, then the gym is the last thing on their list. He practically glared at me when I entered the gym, and his eyes followed me, narrowing in as I walked over to the group. My arms were so bruised that my pale white skin was hidden under mounds of purple and black. But I guess he didn't come often like Mr. Coyle had said. He had said this in a dangerously low whisper that sounded creepy, even to me. He paused for a moment before looking at me. he said gently. I was running really low on power—no pun intended—but not that I wasn't used to it. This Chapter has been edited. It was my favourite dress – a gold and white corset-like piece – and I had saved it for this occasion. Her boyfriends were always stunning – no matter which one she had picked up this week. It was small and malnourished, but it was still there. That was, to me, what a relationship was all about – unwavering trust in your partner. He'd never come to one of my scant family gatherings before – why would he start now? Reluctantly, I made my way over, smile straining. I'd told him numerous times that he was a much better person than Dominic, but his insecurities failed to fade away. First, my boyfriend had stood me up on the most important night of my life, then my sister humiliated me and, to top it all off, I had no car. I got out my phone and looked in the contacts, scrolling down until Callum was highlighted. Next, I thought about ringing Petrisse, a close friend of mine. Cal had actually introduced me to Ellie but I formed a bond with the girl, liking her blunt, down-to-earth view of the world. They obviously didn't expect me to go anywhere without a car – it would've stopped Chloe, but not me. He was a hell of a lot more chivalrous than some of my friend's boyfriends, who never opened a door for them or even paid for their dinner. I hadn't seen him during the first half of the day, but I imagined he was skipping in his usual spot. I didn't want to break up with him, yet I didn't want to be strung along like a puppet for his amusement. As I got closer, I heard some laughter and a sweet scent drifted across to me. The dilemma that was bouncing around in my head was going to kill me. For the first time in years, I dredged up the Chloe in me and acted the way she would. I put my tall height to use as I looked down my nose at her. Lana stuttered out something, pushing to her feet. Not only had he skipped the dinner but he'd done it so he could go and get high and fuck the saintly Lana. I could feel the usual wave of desire wash through me, but I muffled my giddy reaction and glared up at him. I removed my hand from his mouth and walked backwards to the door. I'd broken up with Callum yesterday, and this meathead was already harassing me? My mood was too dull that my emotions now ranged from fake happy to tears. Damn him for still having this effect on me. My parents would kill me if they knew I was going out with a guy like him, but I couldn't care less. He wasn't mine anymore and that was my decision. No one was home, so I put the flower in a vase and sat it on my desk. Callum's last words to me kept repeating over and over again inside my head and the letter was burning a hole in my side. They'd know that I wasn't good enough for you. He was going to rehab… for me? He knew that – and he admitted that he was being selfish. I began to push him to the back of my mind, even though he was still in my thoughts for a good half of each day. Did he even think about me as much as I thought about him? In two days, I would have to face Chloe, her newest boy toy and her petty taunts. Hell, one time we spent an hour outside the movies in the freezing cold talking uselessly as one of the girl's tried to get a date. I shook my head firmly. I'd already been through the stage where I'd deliberately provoke them by wearing grungy clothing, and I didn't want to go back there. I covered up my blunder with a wide smile and he, being so vacant and shallow, didn't seem to notice. I would have inched away, but I was boxed into the corner. And eventually, he leaned in for the kill. Unfortunately, my lucky streak ended when dad appeared in front of me, smiling coldly as he basically dragged me over to suitor number two. And, for the first time in weeks, his eyes were completely clear – no sign of haziness or the blankness left by lies. I would not give into him. I said shrilly. I said in a small voice, glancing down at my shoes again. He cleared his throat once again. The knocking stopped and I slumped against the bed hoping that it was one of Casey's dumb flavors of the weeks. It was nearly two, I had slept in way past the normal time I got up. I kicked that off and finally made it to the door, throwing it open with gusto. Strong arms wrapped around me as we fell over together. I looked up into slightly narrowed green eyes. Forgetting momentarily where we were I put my head down to listen to his chuckle and twisted my hands in the hem of his shirt. She wasn't very good at it considering my own roommate had a different guy every week in our room. Also Warrick loved pushing Winnie's buttons. Distantly I heard Winnie yelling. I squeaked and took off to my own room, listening as a bunch of girls laughed, some were applauding. I was one sexy beast. I walked out of the Chester Girls Dorm building and hopped down the couple of stairs, my eyes scanning the large yawn. His lips were soft and slightly chapped against mine. Usually I would be worried about PDA but after nearly two weeks of not seeing my boyfriend I didn't really care. Medics were on short hand and there was no doubt in my mind that he would be shipped off as soon as his training was done. If I didn't get away from him soon he'll have me pulled in. I only teased him to cover up the fact that it was fantastic being wanted so badly by someone. There were dark circles underneath his bright green eyes and he had lost a bit of weight, though he was mostly hard muscle now. Warning Jordan, you're dangerously close to falling head first into the DARK SPACE! You're slipping Jordan! He was buying me lunch after this! I knew he was tired and was forcing himself to stay awake for my sake and I was trying everything in my power to get him to go too sleep. You had to just wait patiently, which was sometimes very frustrating. My stomach tightened into a knot and I was suddenly glad he couldn't see my face. He only had a week to spend here before being shipped over to Iraq and then I wouldn't see him for a year, or possibly even more than that. Or at least pretend until he was out of the room. The moment was so sickly sweet if I was reading about it I'd probably start laughing. Kale was Warrick's step sister and one of my best friends; she was really into history and fashion so she would know about what to wear. Except Warrick was right here, real and warm beneath me and he was staring directly at me with those impossibly green eyes. I asked, raising my eye brows at him in mock innocence. Let the storm come, I could handle it if just on the other side was another moment like this. Warrick's fingers instantly stopped their assault when I gentled the kiss. The navy boxer-briefs left little to the imagination. He may not show it with many people but he let his guard down around me, he was soft and caring, as long as no one was around to see it. I ran my hand over his stomach, feeling the surprisingly soft skin underneath my wandering hand. Sometimes though, it surprised me how strongly I felt for Warrick, the guy with the cocky grin and brilliant green eyes. Despite the spreading heat between us my stomach didn't seem to be on the same page as the rest of my body as it loudly protested not being fed anything. I will be posting a chapter a day for the next 20 days, then I'll update once a week (perhaps twice) until the story is finished! . Stale water and spilled alcohol. Looking at yourself. Their fingers wrapped around rocks glasses containing weak, watery martinis. My feet after I pull my stockings off, sore and swollen after a long night in heels. He still won't sign the divorce papers. I'm afraid to open that can of worms. I think. Tiny ones. It matches his lower lip, a pendulous discolored flab, wobbling wetly when he responds. I will be soon, but not yet. Soon it will be even more pathetic when some drunk grabs my ass. That's plenty of time to find a profession where I can wear scrubs, or a suit, or even just jeans. Too wrinkled for the strip and relegated to downtown. Away. For twenty bucks I'll let you stick your money in my bra. I'll do it tomorrow. Now I just have a constant bad attitude and calluses on my feet. weird. Somehow, after a god impales you, a mere stabbing just isn't worth your time. I honestly think I'm the only one who listens to every song he uploads. Not the s or the s. We were two people who really hated our jobs, our lives, but loved each other with single-minded devotion. Who is willing to sacrifice themselves, for you. The same moon. We've been apart for years. . Just cut the fucking things off. I think he's still in the same time zone. He used to answer honestly. Maybe I should make that clear somehow. I let him think it, to set him free. But that isn't what our marriage became. . And, if I'm being totally honest, I wanted to flaunt my husband and the fact that I was still thin while my arch rival, Brooke, the girl who had made all of elementary and middle school nearly intolerable for me, had blown up to triple her original size. Her plus one was her brother Evan—very big, very quiet. Or so I thought. My drink went unattended. Next to a man that wasn't my husband. That my dress was in the bathtub, tangled into itself, soaking wet from the cold shower Evan had dumped me into to keep me alert. But I didn't have a voice. He left it all. I don't want to use up all the good-smelly-ness. Maybe. And we'll patch things up. But I did lie. Sucks to be him. I sighed. I hope you enjoy it! But it took me until halfway through my senior year to figure out how much she meant to me. How do we go our whole lives and never take advantage of what's right in front of us? I had always prided myself on not being judgmental (although with the insight of hindsight, that was only because I was too self-absorbed with my own life to care much about anyone else) but if I were to delve right into it, I wouldn't have looked twice at her on my own. Right now he's got his fingers jammed in his ears and he's rocking back and forth in the hard wooden chair, mumbling aloud the words Aiden has written on index cards in between a slew of curses. Even though we're technically only at the half-way point of the semester, it just feels odd. Everyone ought to be out enjoying the first snow of the season. I think that she must have been a hypnotist in a past life or something, because one look into those big, green eyes and she's got me completely wrapped around her finger doing anything she wants. By this time, they've both calculated that they've racked up enough extra credit that even if they tanked they would still eek out straight A's, that's just the sort of people they are) so instead they take to a divide-and-conquer strategy with Rawdy and I, and our other friend Lucy. There's so many things that I'm not going to miss about this place, the Dead Meat Weekends, the repetitive food, the hard classes, but I'm probably going to miss the way it looks after the first snow of the season. and I nod. She then proceeded to spend the next hour shooting not-so-subtle looks over her shoulder at me during the exam. I'm leaning down to place things in my book bag when Juliet Banks walks up the row, ruffling my hair as she passes, and I know it's just the sour mood I'm in, and now the failed exam on top of it, but I really do suspect I hate her. she says,  she says, and Cadence, who oversees the lab, chimes in  I give her a frosty smile in return, mostly because I am still irrationally bitter that she managed to have graded our exams so quickly. She is the kid in school who invites everyone to her birthday party, even the bullies, so no one feels left out, and she thinks she's being nice, but really she's just doing everyone an inconvenience because now everyone feel obligated to invite her when it's their birthday. m. ) I would've punched him for dragging me up here, only to ditch me as soon as Ruth shows up. He always calls me pumpkin. Exactly the kind of car you'd expect from Ruth, one of the richest girls in school, who lives slightly above the place we were waiting at. I shall have none of it. This is really, really bad. We were finally out of the tunnel. m. What drug is he on? I stopped breathing. It was SUPPOSED to be a songfic, but naaah. Watcha think? Dangerous. . . ". . . out". . ". . he mumbled. . he breathed. . ". ". ". . . ". . ". different. refreshing". . practicing"? . . . ? ". . He was the Crown Prince of Cesim. ". . this is completely the crane kick. It's not hard," he managed lamely. Stupid. . To Inkiza's utmost astonishment, Ebedi actually blushed. . . . ". ". . ". . ". ". ". Good night, Inkiza". is it true, what they're saying? ". . he's my friend". . . . . ". . . . ". . Nothing mattered, now. . Very well then. fitting, somehow. . . Gone. . ". Weeks? That was his dagger. . . . ". . ". ". You did that! . not that he ever meant to let me rule". ". . ". ". . ". . Inkiza flushed darker. Ebedi's love. . from when I was little. I remember the colors. It's been a really long time, but I missed writing original stuff. Enjoy. I muttered. ". How about you ask your brother for a ride"? ". ". . For two reasons. ". . Thank you so much, Eileen"! If you could even call it that at all," I muttered. . I yelled. . . '" I shot back sarcastically. I'm still debating whether I made him too much of an ass. Russell snorted. As it was, Dr. Adam just rolled his eyes. He would have to use threats to get what he wanted and inwardly he felt a little bad, but Russell was asking for it. Russell resisted the very strong urge to kick something small and undeserving. They all continued to eye him as he stood solidly before them, clearing his throat and getting his best boss voice ready. Not that he really cared, but he supposed he couldn't just call them 'Kid one', 'Two' and 'Three'. His hand raised to message his temple trying to keep himself from slamming his head into the nearest wall. Russell sighed, standing up straight and running his fingers through his dark hair. After all, he was Michael Holcomb's kid. Russell grinned and reached out to ruffle the brunette's hair absently, not quite noticing the instinctive lurch the older Holcomb did at the movement. Jeremy asked, lower lip trembling at the thought of getting torn to shreds by an insane person as they stepped down the hall, white tiled flooring and white-washed walls only adding to his anxiety. Zack glanced over his shoulder with a small smirk. Like it was his fault. Jeremy fought back another fit of laughter at the older boy, his hands flying to cover his mouth, bright eyes watching Kaleb with a huge grin. Kaleb was supposed to be his best friend! he requested, procuring his hand expectantly. Zack fought down a triumphant grin, dropping the money into Kaleb's palm. With a warning glare, he slipped a far enough from Kaleb so as to be out of earshot, tugging his brother with him. Kaleb asked him not to tell. He noted, with a flare of anticipation, that Kaleb had just gotten his snack and was presumably on his way over to the two. He chewed softly as his blue eyes glanced back and forth between the two. Kaleb made an 'oh' sound and finally began walking along with the youngest Holcomb, grinning a bit at his words. Zack scrunched his nose up in frustration. Maybe now Kaleb wouldn't have to baby him so much anymore. Kaleb suspected they'd asked one of their mentally ill patients to put them up. Zack's excuse was that she looked like she was in a hurry and would've gotten angry. He wondered if they would notice if he slipped away. The shouts echoed after him before eventually fading into nothing. He chuckled to himself at the thought of how Zack and Jeremy would react once they realized he'd gone. It fell in sheets from the dark clouds overhead, soaking the grass and creating puddles of water, scattered around the earth like big polka-dots. He'd be crushed if that happened. Hopefully. He tripped over his own feet like he was dizzy or sick, unaware of Kaleb's presence, before falling to the tiled floor of the bright hall. What exactly were the rules in an insane asylum? But at his movements the teenager managed to jolt away, his vivid gray eyes staring at Kaleb's hands as if they were poison. Kaleb muttered, disgruntled expression prominent on his little face as he placed his hands flat to the white tiled floor. Kaleb saw him swallow hard after asking. Kaleb wondered what could have possibly been done to the boy to make him so exhausted he could barely kneel without collapsing. He mumbled something in a quiet harsh voice, indecipherable to Kaleb who was utterly confused. But before he could ask, the arm around his neck suddenly flexed taut against his skin and wrenched him so tight in his grip, Kaleb nearly gagged. It was almost a whimper barely escaping past his lips before his throat was practically crushed shut, preventing any more noise. He stared at the other boy, hand still at his neck, red from the constriction of his arm. Kaleb couldn't believe it was the same guy who'd been choking him seconds ago. He kept on holding him tight as if just barely loosening his grip would cause him to be lost forever. Kaleb swallowed hard, fighting to find his voice. And the sound ripped his heart in two. The only problem I saw was pottery, but my parents thought otherwise. I wanted to draw and paint myself out of reality, not attend a false reality of jurisdictions and evidentiary support. My moment of glory was shattered when Maxim Hart waltzed through the wooden door of the Advanced Drawing classroom at West Bank High. We West Bankers just want to roll with the waves and make it through the day, or that's what I try to do. This was no ordinary boy, this was Maxim Hart, sidekick to the most attractive boy in all of West Bank High. Every word he produced was different and smooth, and he spoke in a soft voice so that everyone stopped to listen to him. She might have been pretty if it were not for her odd choice of attire and the slight problem of being frazzled and mentally insane. You heard me, he was almost too nice. He had talked his way out of countless suspensions and detentions, not to mention swooned young teachers out of giving him a zero for assignments. Noticing Mrs. Swinton's struggle, Maxim stuck two fingers in his mouth and made a high-pitched whistle. Maxim whistled once more and the class quieted down. My world was slowly crumbling. Maxim returned to where he was sitting and turned to look at me. Even his eyelashes were long enough to be drawn. Just as I was about to turn and leave, Maxim grabbed my hand. I didn't know whether to laugh or be extremely disgusted. Maxim whirled around on his heel, an award-winning smile already on his face. Thanks you as always! But keep friendships simple and unromantic. He'd never had hay fever before in his life. That was in the rules. she said, tucking her long hair behind her ear. So he had them put all the ones with whimsical modern lettering on one carousel and all the ones with more old-fashioned lettering on the other, and the ones with human figures at the top and the ones with just flowers or houses on the bottom. she said to her brother. At least, Skip thought, it was a book club for gay men, and they didn't take themselves too seriously. The baths were good for that. Nothing more. He'd be willing to play a role for the right guy, but the right guy wouldn't be looking for someone who was already playing that role before he got there. If he was in a hurry, he would walk: if he was tired, he would take the bus. Pressure from his friends, at this moment surrounding him at their Cherry Street hangout, the much more respectable Leaping Lox restaurant. The fact that he always ended up dating neurotics was the reason he was single and grumpy right now. That was reason enough to get up and walk out the door immediately, if the man wasn't between him and the door at the moment. When Skip met his eyes, it was like going six years back in time, back to the day he'd lost his way in the art department and lost his heart to Simon. It didn't have dark quirked eyebrows and a mouth that Skip could taste from across the room. And what madman comes to a meat market like the Cherry Street Cafe and starts talking about the plants? How he crossed the room so quickly Skip didn't know. Pheremones? Not a person to talk to and understand. He had gone without before. If he got this guy into a room right away, he wouldn't have any more chances to break the rules. His imagination could harrass him and punish him, but it couldn't change his survival tactics. He apparently liked to pretend he was, though. But it was an excuse to get the hell away from this before he got caught. He should start thinking about other ways to get away clean. Marcus started to object, then offered to split, but shook his head with amusement and did not argue anymore when Skip insisted. Yes, Marcus was that far gone already. Or gave in, or something. It wasn't love yet, but it would be by the end of the weekend. Marcus laid his barely darker hand on the other's flank, letting his eyes roam over and over him. His senses and his intuitions might be persuasive, but hearing the words was the only sure thing. Condoms all the way, now, even without penetration. Marcus chose. Trembling slightly, and always stroking Marcus at the base of his penis as if it were a treasure he had never expected to receive. Skip looked up almost worshipfully and dived on to him again. Which was the reason he was able to catch the guy as he backed off and started groping for his clothes. Almost nonsense:  he said, in among other things neither of them would remember. Whose eyes rolled back, whose head fell back, and he hissed like water bouncing off a griddle, and again when Marcus climbed off and when he climbed on again, this time with a new condom, going deep inside his golden flesh. Marcus's man rolled away, feeling for his clothes, his eyes on the door. he said, handing over the book, the loose page, and the pencil. He shook his head. The man was another neurotic, a needy, manipulative crazy unwilling to give as good as he got. He could take the bus home if he wanted. Marcus coming -- that last one mostly from his imagination: he had not been in a position to see that detail. It wasn't unreasonable to want to hold on to a reasonably pleasant life, was it? He brought his other sketchbook along as well -- the one with the pictures for public consumption, all drawings of plants. he said. Maybe Skip's only friend, depending on how strictly one defined the word  he never really socialized with Angel outside the arboretum, though Skip owed a great deal to him. This time he came straight to Patrick with an unexpected question: he wanted a good introduction to evolutionary biology. He asked. The four employees apparently did very different work. Patrick said. He had finished all the work and was about to hand it in for the grade when he left, haunted by Simon's hurt and disappointment. In the guise of changing the subject, he continued to push. Or why he didn't just grow a callus over the part of him that didn't like references to college or portraiture. Patrick had a calculating expression on his face. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author. com. Her hand fumbled clumsily for the alarm clock, slamming on the snooze button several times before realizing that the damn thing wasn't even plugged in let alone set for an early Saturday morning wake-up call. Reaching out for the cell phone, she extended her arm and barely saved it before it vibrated over the side of the cluttered desk. She had spent the next week recovering: the numbers and consciousness. After moving to New York two years ago, she had tried to let go of her past and move on to what she hoped would be a bright future. she spoke sharply into the cell phone adjusting her seat so as to assess the extent of her injury. She sighed heavily knowing that silence meant that this wasn't going to be someone she wanted to speak with. Her mind was whirling with indescribable possibilities for the purpose of his phone call - each new idea seemingly more ridiculous than the last. After all, they had been friends…of sorts for nearly six years now. There was no way that after everything that had happened between them that he would ever call her like this. No point in letting her mind venture there. The sparse amount of furniture she had been able to haul up the seven daunting flights of stairs still managed to make the space look cluttered, something she had never quite been able to figure out. he said all in rapid succession. she said only half-joking. After all, her opinions on relationships, in general, had always been irrelevant. After a brief pause, he began to explain the mess he had gotten himself into. The hole that Jack had been left still ached when prodded, and she avoided irritating the wounded feeling that crept through her. she said not certain if that was the correct word. she stated as firmly as possible. She may have had nothing planned for the day aside from her haircut, but that hardly kept her from being on call. she said off-hand. Unlike her - sitting in a hundred thousand dollars or more of debt from school with a year left to go. Instead, she quickly added his name into her contacts despite the nagging urge to erase his number and all recollection of the phone call and of him. When that didn't work, she pushed herself off the ground, careful not to put too much weight on her sore toe, and stalked out of her bedroom into what only a resident of New York City would consider a living room. She had known better than to argue. Lexi prepared the coffee and water, switched the pot on, and then leaned back against the cool counter running her fingers through her brown matted waves. Making her way back into the kitchen, she poured the remaining pot of coffee into a travelers mug printed with her University's logo and scribbled a quick note for her roommate since this was the one morning she had actually woken up before her. Now, she could navigate the city as well as any homegrown she knew, except her best friend, Chyna. It was just hard to imagine anyone like Chyna hanging out with a nobody like her. Chyna arrived at the front entrance of the same locale gliding out of an onyx colored town car, and directly through the rope, not even bothering to give the bouncer a complimentary kiss on the cheek. They had pretty much been inseparable after that night. Swinging the door open, she smiled inwardly at the new renovations Chyna had effectuated into her foyer. Original oil paintings, Chyna had collected while traveling throughout Europe, decorated three of the walls, and black and white photographs floated in a collage of frames against another. she whispered into the darkness. She was one hundred percent her mother's daughter in appearance and her father in personality which explained why she didn't get along with either. Now her father couldn't look at her, and her mother couldn't be around her. she said in mock repentance. Chyna squealed in excitement. When it came to her luck with men, Lexi tended to avoid the situation entirely. she asked tentatively forcing herself not to wince when she said his name. If he had called for anything else, she was certain she would have crumbled. Lexi wasn't quite sure what it meant. After everything she had been through with Jack, she still hadn't had feeling for anyone that rivaled their relationship. After everything she had gone through with Jack, maybe this was exactly what she needed, even if it wasn't what she wanted. She tilted her head at the image before her pursing her lips in approval. But she rarely turned down a challenge. Lexi was thankful, at least, that she had added his number to her phone this morning instead of erasing it from her memory forever, when she landed on his name: Jack Howard. Finally, the line clicked over. Six years too late, much? an excerpt from the first chapter! Usually that person would be put in a straight jacket. Or, you know…a straight jacket. And Kevin felt so guilty about that. "My sister was much older. Lucky. Kevin whispered". Jason said without batting an eye. Too bad Brian didn't have someone like Jason in his life. ' printed inside the wrapper. Who knows when he will have an opportunity to just enjoy himself like this again? The buzz of the people around him almost made him feel like he was drunk. He was so lost. From up close he saw that it was huge, at least a hundred feet in diameter. It was a bit rusty, and he noticed a chain with a giant lock dangling from it, but to his surprise it was open. There was some kind of a ceiling over him, with a trapdoor at the end of the stairs. She seemed pretty stricken so Alex gave her a small smile. He tried to grab it, but the wind got hold of the fabric, throwing it into Alex's face, making him loose his balance and almost fall to his death. His head felt dizzier with every step and by the time he could make out the outline of the door on the ground floor, he was ready to collapse. . Fine, whatever, I really don't care. She was invisible. What do you mean? Nicole answered slightly. That's all. Chris nodded at her sister not angry or mad at her. She has a performance tomorrow. She hadn't said cute since she was 9. I therefore give you leave to bugger off. . I just am. It's a monkey, simple as that. Well, who am I, you ask? Social Status: Invisible. Peace. Huffing in exasperation I slammed my book down, lifting my head up to glare at the front of the class. Baaaah. Heavens, no! He had a black messenger bag slung casually over one shoulder, a black and white hoodie tied to the straps. He looked like the sort of person who would eat me for dinner if I dared speak to him. I'm gonna eat you, you little pipsqueak! . I hold in my snort, trying hard not to laugh. ! I couldn't fathom why he'd be so closed off, or even rude. I poked at it in interest, wondering if I flung it at someone's head it would stick to their hair. I guess no one saw it, me being invisible and all. I watched discreetly as he walked over and bought lunch, turning round to survey the room for a place to sit. I squinted at it curiously, feeling faintly nauseas. I lifted my eyes to Ollie's, a small shiver of fear running through me. I don't know where he was, but I'm sure if I died he'd at least pay his respects. He then got out a sketchbook and started doodling on it, the music in his ears so loud I could hear the lyrics being screamed out. Guys came up to me too, wondering if I was on any sport teams or did any rugby. Otherwise I was just unnoticeable. hey you! My eye twitched as I fought the insane urge to lunge forward and bite her on the nose. I sighed and gritted my teeth, trying to sound reasonable as I replied. She stamped her foot. So I wasn't surprised to see the corners of Ollie's mouth tilt up as he made eye contact with me, humour in his eyes. As I dumped my bag by the door and made my way through to the kitchen I saw a note taped to the fridge. Xx mum. I looked through the fridge, pursing my lips in thought. Fish pie? As I read, everything else faded away until I was completely absorbed in the story, imagination running wild at every description and action. Real fast. I walked up to him, curious as to why he was standing out here during class time. Brain to mouth, brain to mouth, urgent re-connection needed. Happy Birthday, Darryl. Asking how was stupid. "That's really none of your concern, Ms. Carnes. What may I do for you, Ms. Carnes? It must be love. Matt felt his face heat up at just the thought. the flowers were different. Darryl made no response. But honestly, he could not help it this time. Darryl was fairly rigid about these things. He had never seen Darryl outside a working context. Turn around. "I mean, I started to realize. Darryl's free hand ghosted over his cheek. strange. ". girly. ". . Twas nice. In deference to the holiday season, he grabbed the red Santa hat on the bench by the door and jammed it on his unruly blond hair before rushing out. The club was filling up fast, the lights and smoke machines already going strong on the dance floor. He and his brother had both inherited that same fair-haired, broad-shouldered, farm-boy look Julian referred to. The Enforcer strikes again. Preston supposed seeing those sorts of things went with working in the city's most exclusive gay, gentleman's club (know in less affluent circles as a glorified strip club). Several of the clubs attractive, young dancers draped over the businessmen, clearly doing what they were paid to do, providing stimulating conversation…or lap dances, whatever the clients wanted. He was wearing his usual business suit, though the slate-coloured, silk tie was loosened and the top few buttons of his shirt were unfastened at his throat, showing off a hint of chest hair. Even after five years his body still jolted when Carter called his name. Now he was working on his Master's of Management and Professional Accounting program. Stopped in front of the next man on the sofa and made a show of looking the businessman over appreciatively. Perhaps this man wasn't a member of the club, just an investor or someone looking to work with Mr. Jameson. Now though, he just smiled and gave his hips a little extra swish walking away. Over the years, though, Preston had gotten to know him and knew he wasn't the hard-ass he looked like. The sugar came out sounding like 'shu-gah'. He knew because without the outrageous clothes and make-up and wig, as Cory, Cora didn't have an accent. He did get Carter's section an unusual amount, but surely not all the time. Fuck, not the mistletoe cam. In turn, each couple tied to outdo each other with tongue and grope-filled kisses, putting on a show. The camera moved in the direction of the bar, effectively trapping him there. The man who just happened to be standing next to him at the bar looked nice enough, just exhibitionism just wasn't Preston's thing. He let his eyes drift closed to avoiding watching himself on the huge screen. His eyes popped open. What the hell? No thoughts more complex than Holy shit and Oooh were able to be formed in his brain. Their breaths mingled for a moment before Carter let go of his neck, allowing him to straighten up again. Thankfully, the camera disappeared as well. The sensation of Jameson's kiss lingered on his lips the rest of the night. There was a half-finished drink in his hand and his tie was unknotted completely, hanging open around his neck. He was twenty-five now and fully grown men kissed each other all the time without it meaning anything. All his friends would just call his cell and leave messages. The line was blinking on the phone and he picked up the receiver, pressing the connection button. He smirked. Why"? Especially for Maggie. Be right back". Here…what can I do to help? He lied easily. I like your apartment. After that, my dad didn't want me. Let's go to the park. He sighed. There was nothing more awkward than a quiet girl picking at her fingers in a noisy group. Her peers were too much into modern technology for her comfort. As long as they were her friends, they only showed their cute sides. Luckily, being the thoughtful girl that she was, she had already predicted that such a problem might arise, and had prepared a suitable solution. Getting complimented by her made Randee blush, though she was certain the comment was mostly from female solidarity. Even someone like Michelle wouldn't willfully antagonize him. She didn't need this to get out of hand. Such was the man she claimed to be interested in. she sighed ruefully. What could have possibly made him dislike her? Her heart a bit lighter, she followed Michelle's confident strides towards Alexander's usual hang-out spot – the bleachers. And did she have to ask him out in front of everyone? She guessed it was on purpose, just to embarrass her. They were out of earshot, patiently waiting for the outcome. He seemed harmless from a glance. It didn't help that she barely reached his shoulders, making looking at his face a strenuous task. And even if he agreed, she couldn't pretend to love him like she claimed. he stated darkly. Let him think of her whatever he wanted. She searched her mind for movie lines. This school, the iPhone, and Alexander Haith with his icy glare. He smirked at her humorlessly. Maybe he loved seeing them struggle with his dumb rules. He said exasperated. It figured that he couldn't be bothered with small details. He dismissed her in a cold voice, and walked back to his buddies. All better. Randee couldn't make out a single word from their collective noise, so she finally raised her hands. Several other listeners drifted closer to their table, and Randee was certain the gossip column was being updated as they spoke. Sometimes she had felt like she would push someone out the window. So might as well play along. Randee felt like they were ganging up on her. Certainly not impossible, but highly unpleasant. All her half-lies were coming back to bite her in the butt. A/N: A bet with a twist kind of story :D. All participants in this work of fiction are at or above the legal age of consent in their respective counrties. He'll pretend we're lovers, lying lazily in bed on a Sunday morning, whispering to each other to leave off work and spend the day in each other's arms. I'd spat out a tooth, sobbing, and he'd switched gears again, laying me back on the bed and murmuring soothingly. I'm surprised to feel it there; he hasn't used it in months. Garren touches my swiftly hardening cock and I try to twist away; he growls and bites down on my shoulder. They vary depending on the severity of whatever crime Garren thinks I've committed, from thirty strikes with the cane to being strapped down on the roof naked in the freezing rain for a night. The other, his constant companion, is small and timid, letting his silky hair hang over his face and down his back, two shocking blue eyes just visible behind his dark locks. he growls, and the boys scramble away. Trapped with memories of being alive, with sweet oblivion so close, yet still unreachable. If Garren sees me crying, or worse, if I do something as foolish as to beg him to stop, he'll only take delight in thinking up new and more terrible punishments to inflict on me. I long for sleep again, for peace. There is the sound of running feet, and the boy with the blue eyes appears in the doorway, panting, eager to please. Garren asks. He sighs a little, then lifts his eyes to meet mine again for a moment before leaving the room once more. I try to concentrate on the street noise outside while waiting for the harsh scrape of the cloth on my skin. He rubs my shoulder briefly, then returns to wiping the cloth along my body, stopping occasionally to dip it in the steaming tub. He glances down at me, and smiles. I've heard him before, from the next room, moaning and gasping as Garren fucks him, and I imagine his pretty lips wrapped around Garren's cock, eyes closed, white fingers curled around the base. I sit with my back against the cold metal and watch him strip the sheets off while I try desperately to touch myself somehow, to remedy this terrible wanting ache. The boy pauses and looks at me with something like sympathy in his eyes before turning and gathering up his things, preparing to leave. He turns to go again. My cock is already twitching, and I buck my hips upward, moaning, as he squeezes and strokes my shaft, his thumb caressing the tip through the towel. I close my eyes, exhausted, and fall into a heavy sleep. Through a series of losing the precious people in or lives to gaining new friends and family, we became what we were today, mates. she asked. There was the sound as PJ took a deep breath. They'll know. . duh". "Ha! Somehow, he had lost his voice. yeah. just be forewarned. . Or giving birth. being born, I guess. I'm not emo or anything. . got fed up with this one customer. . I guess that makes me a liar. don't slack off? Aiden waves after her. Aiden stands, smiling. . . . . . . . He's talking with two buddies. what you're trying to do is insane. . . . Without a jacket? are you allergic to peanuts? . you killed her? Do you hate me? Logan sticks out his hand. no, I don't wanna bother you. I'm not bothered. there's not much more to that, right? . . Or at least, no one but Aiden Patroclos has ever seemed to think so. If you didn't get it by what our author name is, then this is your only warning! He gave a little jump, in hopes of obtaining his goal, but failed miserably, and in doing so, slipped from his perch, arms waving, and crashed to the floor, his fall somewhat cushioned by a haphazard pile of books below. the man cleared his throat,  The newcomer's grin was bright and slightly devious. He handed it over. By all appearances the man looked like a stereotypical jock - tall, toned, and boyishly handsome. Off limits. He hoped he didn't look as flustered by the elder's words as he felt. Even after the dark digits were inked into Aiden's skin, he let his fingers linger a moment longer than necessary on his arm. 'I'm going to end up calling it, aren't I? Sort of. Aaron came over and slung an arm over his brother's shoulder. It was an argument they'd been having almost since the day they learned to talk. Thanks for reading, everyone! She was beautiful. She looked like a tragic heroine of a black and white movie. Her body was hidden and she was extremely short, made even more so by the way her shoulders slumped and the way she walked– lethargically, eyes downcast and body curled inwards as though to subconsciously protect herself. Jerry nodded knowledgably. It was like she'd just disappeared. I offered. The building was clean and impressive enough, I supposed the teachers were good, but it was the people that made the place so damn detestable. And from the two hours I'd spent in Wilson High, I knew I'd be insane by the end of the week. If I wanted to, I suppose I could have come off as intimidating. I had better things to do than watch overgrown monkeys skip around in tight underwear, grunting like Neanderthals and playing with the only balls they seemed to possess. I told Jerry. Because there definitely had to be something wrong with me if I found myself heading for the football stadium on Friday night. I couldn't help but scowl as I walked through the parking lot. My eyes fell shut involuntarily and all the tension drained from my body with the smoke I let into the air. No matter how hard I scoured the hallways between classes, all my classes and the cafeteria, I couldn't find her. But there were too many goddamn redheads. In some ways, I suppose it was. I grunted to Jerry, taking a last drag on the smoke and stamping it out. Jerry declared, clapping my back. But I suppressed that and forced myself to watch with detachment as they displayed their extreme flexibility and loud voices. Or more likely, they'd be on their knees, looking up at one of these guys. I was on my fourth cigarette of the night when I saw her. Her hands were shoved in her pockets as she walked along. But the worst of all was the tear streaks on her face. I had seen her all of two times, but I just couldn't forget her. It made me feel like such an idiot that at one of the after parties of a game, I just grabbed a random cheerleader and relieved all my frustrations by doing what came naturally. Every other guy in school had been delighted because rather than them being subjected to the torture of asking the girls out, the girls had been the ones to do all the asking. I wanted her. I wanted to match her old world charm. She was still nowhere to be seen. I didn't want to deal with all the drama that was bound ensue, so I didn't do anything about my frustrations. In her ratty old sweats, she managed to inspire more lust than any naked cheerleader could. Until I sat down beside her. She was gorgeous and I felt like a loser for liking her so much after never having spoken to her. No one who looked so innocent and naïve could be as stupid and vindictive as the bitches I had had the misfortune of meeting. It was perfect, low and sweet. I just stared at her. She repeated. I told her. I could die happy. She asked, her voice coming out as a half sob. God, I sounded like a pansy. She breathed. And my mouth opened, words spilled out. Why the fuck wasn't I thinking before opening my goddamn mouth? I argued. And I was almost always smoking. I didn't want her to think the worst of me, so I promptly put out my cigarette and fiddled aimlessly with my hands. It was like she was made for me. I murmured to her in a low voice. And I never wanted her to feel sad again. She confessed. She asked, voice strangled. I replied to her. It was like cradle snatching; jail bait. I demanded. What was it about her? What was it about this girl that had me feeling like such an awkward thirteen-year-old? Instead, I leaned forward and claimed her sweet lips. God, I wanted to feel her kissing me back. God, what the fuck was wrong with me? I demanded. I'd become like a goddamn book of clichés. I moved my lips slowly over hers and her lips parted to release a small gasp. This time, I really did groan. I pulled her as close to me as I could. She was submissive to me, but in a pleasing, sweet sort of way. I felt like an affectionate dog. God, she was making me into a pansy. She mustered a bit of confidence. I began, before clearing my throat again. Her entire face lit up and she took my breath away again. This girl was going to be the death of me. Anyway, review and tell me what you think! Front crawl. Not so cold anymore. Just the sea. Peter can't. "Can't. Today was so far not so bad, though I had yet to see any of my patients. She was typing away at her keyboard, but paused to hand me a stack of papers, much to my dismay. My wing specialized in dementia, bipolar disorder, and schizophrenia. Still, he was accustomed to the asylum and enjoyed our company, though we tried to avoid him when he became depressed. I usually went home with a few boxes, maybe a pen that did not contain ink. There wasn't much we could do for some people if their families denied them any medicine; just sit and watch as the mental disease devoured them completely. I rolled my eyes and shook my head, not approving of what she and Joe did; he was sick and it could just be making him even sicker. There was no picture clipped onto the sheet, just a fat red mark that read , almost like he was a failure. Lazy doctors wrote those types of things when they just couldn't figure out how to get through to a patient. I walked over to my Acura, settling for unlocking it manually instead of with the key, then slid inside and started the engine. My boyfriend, Lucas, found it a little extravagant, but he was a brain surgeon and lived even ritzier than I did. There were no pets in my home because I really didn't have time for them; my job was basically what I had decided to marry. He had a tendency to succumb to his wandering eyes, though. I had discharged quite a few patients in my one year as a psychopathologist and hoped to release many more. They are were it's at. In truth, zombies have feelings too, warped as they may be, and some cognitive function, though limited. Needless to say, I got bit and wished, as I lay dying, that I'd paid a little more attention to lectures about what it really was to be a zombie. I was just some dumb kid up until I died and I sure as hell didn't get any smarter after my brain had started to go to mush. When I tried to move, the response was sluggish and when I tried to make multiple movements the signals got all muddled up and I'd end up convulsing on the ground like I was having some sort of seizure; maybe I was. The only thing I could feel was pressure and some strange bursts of pleasure when I felt something warm, they were almost orgasmic. Only after my initial learning period did I begin to take notice of the little things, or, oh maybe, some were big things. I wasn't though, I could see that. Even I was utterly repulsed by the apparently common affliction, I still am. The lack of communication from our rotten brains to our bodies kind of ruins the chance of talking it up to other living dead. Just going through the motions I say, or would say if I could talk. So when we get the munchies, we eat the nearest warm thing we can get out grubby little hands on. At least we don't get angry. We get great satisfaction from warmth. Being a zombie is lonely business. I took great pride in knowing I was the slayer of the surviving assholes of the world. She found it amusing, as did I, simply because she knew I never meant any harm. When he showed up for the marching band information session at the end of my junior year, I wasn't exactly surprised. He certainly didn't need my protection. He had actually assumed that he was going to be picked on during his very first day in high school. With that said, he had walked away without another glance as I stood there laughing with Kayla. He would always have the same reaction; he'd glare at me, spew a few curse words and then continue on his way. But when I turned back towards the direction I was walking, I finally saw him. Yet, the moment my foot connected, something immediately didn't feel right. For all the times I'd done it to Adam, not once had I ever gotten a reaction out of any spectators. Kayla finally muttered and when my victim turned around, I knew screwed wasn't even the half of it. I found myself staring up at the captain of our three time state champion varsity soccer team, and he did not look happy at all. That anger was usually geared towards the team he was playing on the soccer field, not his best friend's twin sister. After all, it was a known fact that he and my brother, Blaine, were inseparable. The last time had been last year when I had gotten suspended for kneeing Tyler Vespucci in the balls for manhandling me at one of their soccer games. How could you hate someone who would do something like that? They didn't need to know one more reason as to why I was a complete moron. Only when he was out of sight was I finally able to move my two feet towards the Alum's Stairs where my friends and I usually had lunch. At least he was useful for something. The three of them were always inseparable and not surprisingly, the girls in school practically threw themselves at their feet. The day was so close to being over… but yet still so far. H lifted his gaze again, smiling brightly at me. If Travis had started beating the crap out of the boy sitting in front of him in the middle of a lecture about planetary motion, Wood would look past it and pretend he never saw it. You're paying. Not only that, but they'd probably make sure I continuously gave him gifts after they made me pay off the debt until the day I died. What the hell did you do to the kid? Picking up his iPhone and the paper, I placed the items into Travis's waiting palms. The numbers and symbols were all familiar and I knew how to do it, but I just hadn't taken the few minutes Wood had given us to do the problem to actually solve it. Wood faltered slightly, probably not expecting me to say anything and nodded just as the bell rang. I found myself staring into dark brown eyes that identically matched my own. It was an unfair move, but no one could argue with the long held tradition of seniority at Summit High School. Despite the fact that Blaine was yanking me along at a fast pace, Travis kept along side of us as we finally came to a stop in front of our lockers. I didn't know what I was doing then; how did they expect me to vocalize it? Just because they were soccer buddies in their outside league didn't mean he could make Gregg betray me. But I was frozen to my spot and couldn't do anything. I snapped, trying to glare as evilly as possible at the three guys in front of me. It honestly wasn't worth the hole in my bank account. His sportsmanship was the exact opposite of how he treated me, so I knew he had that sliver of kindness in him. I clearly already failed, considering how I was out here talking to the three of them. It was ridiculous to imagine that I had managed to get myself into this predicament. I think it flows a bit better… or at least I hope it does, hah. Eddie had told her. Not even the threat of spring break could've driven her to the gym this fast; only when she was really, overwhelmingly mad did such a miraculous event happen. Like Hitler. The increased smiling, the over-abundance of sex dreams… the way she actually answered all of his calls. It would definitely explain the ego. When she only glared in response, he reached over and hit the stop button, effectively ending the program. His pace slowed a little, and Gudrun rolled her eyes as she took a swig of her water. If Eddie ever snapped out of it, she'd give him the locker key so he could go grab their stuff. In that sense, Zane had been an experiment, a new method of casual dating that'd she'd never before attempted. Put his wild side on a leash (preferably to her bed)? But it wasn't something she'd given in to, and Zane had given every indication that he didn't mind waiting. What had she been thinking? There were good hours of sun left to enjoy, and the balcony attached to her apartment was definitely the best way to enjoy them. It was exactly what she needed – good, wholesome fun at the bar with guys who didn't play with her head. Instead, she found Zane. Zane had the laidback rockstar look down pat; only Noah came close to the sexy dishevelment Clinton Zane so effortlessly wore. There was still a lingering warmth and it would be all too easy to doze again, like a cat napping in the sun. Her pride was wounded, though, that much she did know, and the amused curve of his mouth wasn't helping any. she murmured, shifting a little to make herself more comfortable. It did make her situation unfortunate. His sunglasses were dark but she had the impression that he was still watching her. 'The smart kind' was the phrase that went unsaid by either of them at that point, but they both knew why he was asking – he wanted intellectual stimulation and most of the people he usually hung out with couldn't provide it. They saw movies together, and got coffee or ice cream after and talked about them. Just like that. Was it just her, or was he actually mad that she didn't return his calls? The fact that he seemed pissed that information about his sex life – the activeness of which she knew about before she'd even been properly introduced to him – had gotten back to her was even stranger. The conversation was already stranger than anticipated, and though she was still decently angry, the fact that he was so apparently unsettled himself tempered the emotion somewhat. He followed her into her room, and once there shut the door so Amanda could no longer eavesdrop. Now she just wasn't sure about anything. She'd learned a lot of things today, but perhaps the most important of these little lessons was this: men who quote The Princess Bride are dangerous to a girl's health, nevermind her sanity. He just started laughing at me. Ew. Bye". I didn't mean it like that, Megan. Sorry. He's in the bakery section. Carter might get mad at you". Laurie told me". Why"? But if you have to take time to find it. I did love my Jim. My voice was like venom. I need your help on this one". I'm going to go shower". It was only seven in the morning. As well as The Shack-everyone's favorite hang-out, which will come up in later chapters. But I think it gets the point across. . . . . . . he mumbled loudly. . Elle rationalized dryly. Thank you very much for your continued support. So here goes. But once she finds him, she runs into another problem. No cookies and cake). But when I need help, he gives the best advice. He stays around hours later to meet the performers. He says it's overused. (No sandals). He can get drunk off of life just fine. And his feet don't smell bad. And if I do he'll get another one for me. And he knows all the names of the monsters. But he can't tie the bottoms. He thinks you can go outside and watch them yourself. He doesn't like wasting life. He wakes up at 2 in the morning and walks around thinking about his life. (He's not conceited). so there's the list; the search will start soon. . And for 17 years, he thought I was. And to know that he hated me now, that he would hit his 'daughter', broke my heart; it broke much more as well. I wanted to scream out to her, to try to protect her. The same deep brown, almost black, the very same eyes I had. Life is an ever changing adventure. The California beach had been my safety blanket, the one thing that had always been there when I needed it. I obviously hadn't been what they had wanted either. Not that it mattered much now. Tyler had tried to get this parents to adopt me, and even though they had always liked me, it hadn't worked, obviously. I caught the look on his face as he turned away, it reminded me of a puppy being abandoned by its best friend and I couldn't help myself. So after seven hours of sitting next to a man who snored on my right and a lady with a baby on my left we landed in London, England. I had told him that I long ago came to accept the fact that change is inevitable and you just have to go with it. He inclined his head toward me. So even thought I had loved the balmy beaches of California I soon became mesmerized by the atmosphere of London. My new home. There is much more to come soon. Not if I have something to say about it. I'm not very good at taking orders—pun intended. When I get on that stage, and that spotlight hits me, nothing else in the world matters. Why do I need money? The End. Being the two most seductive teenagers in school, they—and I quote— So, they wanted to share their love and then  I was created. And what's better than getting paid for something you love? I work strictly covered, not that I wouldn't say scantily-clad covered, but still covered all the same. I have gone there for almost four years now, and Lexie's Lane has been in business for three. . . funny names, don't cha think? what's new? too bad there, hot stuff. Some advice: Home Sweet Home is much more comfortable and convenient, if I do say so myself. what's up with that? . Basically, anything bright and flashy. (Casual plaid or plain solid blue), Hollister jeans or AE will do. It pays the bills, the gas, and tuition for high school. . Enjoy! Hungry, Harping Hannah doesn't make for a nice tutor. It should've been like teaching a three year old that toe-song:  That's how it goes, right? At least he had the drive to try. . And injurious. Those two don't equal the cleanest hands. And I was an awesome Brownie in Girl Scouts; I got a leadership badge. Adam followed much to my chagrin. I'd trade having Adam kiss me for having my cheeks pinched by all of my aunts for the rest of my life in the poor heartbeats I was losing. For such a strong guy, he sure made a big deal of getting flicked in the forehead by a girl. she accused, her voice clipped and full of complete malice. If so, I wouldn't have said it in such a revolting manner and would've added that doe-eyed look damsels in distress tend to give their heroes. Day 2. My matchmaking skills were amazing. It was bad enough that I was going to such lengths to interfere into business that isn't my own, but if Sasha was with him I'd have no choice but to turn around and leave. I smiled a cheeky grin and offered a slight wave. Since then I was lucky to get a passing word from him. Got him where I want him. Whatever the reason, he let it out and he never looked so defeated. My guilt seeped into my mind and I sighed. But then he raised his eyes and I saw something in there that belied any hardness anyone ever thought Raze exuded. I elbowed through some wrestlers and basketball players in the horde. I don't approve of getting someone's attention by bodily measures, this development recently modified as of yesterday. Her cardigan matched her eye color. Luckily for me (I suppose for her too, if you take into account her own academic needs rather than those for my sanity) she was a quick learner and it only took one month and daily meetings at her beloved Starbucks to get her grades up to par. Her words were punctuated by the tinkle of her Tiffany bracelet that I was sure matched Adam's watch in terms of shininess and cost, and the fact that their parents paid for it. Heck, I never talk to her. I took it gratefully, as I forgot to get lunch inside. Day 3. Kisses were exchanged, but details need not be mentioned, just to appease my gag reflex. And though I had expected myself to be dropped in the bullring holding the muleta, things had surprisingly sorted out on their own. No big deal! But when I rounded the corner, I heard loud voices and quickly squatted behind the closest water fountain. I'll give a slightly watered down version, only because I enjoy retelling their argument with their nasty words included. But once I heard the sound of a punch and Adam's startled grunt, I looked and saw them on the ground, Raze on top and currently thumping Adam's spit out of his mouth. I could then say I finally knocked some sense into him. I could imagine how he'd react at seeing Rachael all over him, and the image was way too funny. He's the punk. Sure, Raze didn't have to get hit, but that's what guys do for women's honors, right? Raze finally opened his eyes at her voice and the smile on his face surely should've registered in Sasha's romantic sensibilities. She then turned and looked at Adam's pathetic state and decided to lend some of her fake pity to him. I'm sure he'd be happy to take over for me. Connor was the only one I could see myself being with for the long run. I smiled and held out a cupcake for him. And he was very affecting, indeed. Connor's serious look begged to differ. And a good lunch buddy. uh yeah, I can't. I leaned into his body and felt around his neck for a jumping pulse, elated that I had this much of an effect on him as well. . What sort of guy do you think he needs? This was, after all, a river community. Then again, he was kin to everyone so what did he know. Personally, River wanted to die of something cooler than food poisoning. Except him. He grabbed the same kind of chips he always did before coming to stand before the deli. To have just one day where dickhead didn't come in and ruin his day. Like everyone always did. No one wanted to hire someone they knew for fear of having to get rid of them and potentially piss someone off. Plus he could play his music all day long and no one said anything which brightened his days considerably. It was hard but he managed. He knew, he'd done it several times and had spent more time walking the town of Tappahannock than actually staying in it in an attempt to get some form of privacy. Getting into the rusted ass Camry, he headed home to the Essex Mobile Home Park. he grumbled, shoving the door open and slamming it shut childishly before marching up the stairs and into the small trailer. When he was here, in front of his laptop, was the only time he even remotely had a life. he scoffed. Now I was standing about a foot and a half higher than usual, gazing around and seeing things I hadn't noticed before. Sorrows like mine just couldn't be cured any other way. It wasn't until I heard the sound of a ball bouncing on the linoleum floor that I looked up to see Matt grinning at me while he absently dribbled a basketball. I thought it was kind of cool to look him straight in the eye without having to painfully crane my neck back to talk to him. I took the opportunity to study him surreptitiously when he turned to raid the refrigerator for my water bottle. The poor boy still couldn't understand the magnitude of his syntactical errors. I gave up. I ran right out of them. As far as I was concerned, team practice was more than enough basketball for one day. I usually always went to his impromptu post-practice games even though I never played (for obvious reasons), content to read a book and cheer him on when he scored. Realization dawned in his eyes and he smirked. The despair must have shown on my face, because the teasing lilt had left his voice, replaced by genuine concern. I heard him walk over and close the front door. He listened patiently to every injustice I related. He shut his mouth. I couldn't understand why I was still standing on it, but, at the same time, was unable to move. He was hopeless. Distressed and ashamed for unfairly putting him through this mess, I immediately tried to apologize to him by gesturing at the door. This was one of those times. Awkward. He waited patiently, tearing off the soggy bits of paper and dropping them on the counter. I hiccupped noisily, a few more tears leaking out the corners of my eyes and rolling down my cheeks. I pretended not to notice the hordes of tingles that had just suddenly poured down my spine at his touch. Stepping back slightly, he shoved his hands into the pockets of his sweatshirt. Naturally, I assumed he would take the former route: ignore the fact that I had just sobbed my eyes out and that he had mopped up the sea of tears I had created, pat me on the shoulder, and be on his way to play basketball with his buddies. We just stood there breathing, still and quiet, me on the chair and him on the floor. I wiggled my toes contentedly inside my mismatched polka-dot socks. Just a little. And how come I never knew he did? Unfortunately, being in college automatically made me a cheapskate, but I figured I could let the fabric softener price slide. Pondering on his strong arms reminded me of the question I wanted to ask. I leaned back, letting my hands rest lightly on his shoulders. My emotions were still a little unbalanced from earlier, so I kind of lost it. Matt let go of my waist. This time I didn't miss the underlying meaning of his words. That was purely an accident. And that reminded me of something else. Not yet. But I ignored him and barreled on. Tightening his arms around me, he smiled at me, blue eyes twinkling. This story is also dedicated to itsNothingSpecial. Oh yes, it was going to be a very good year. I shivered a little more at that thought. she nodded her head as she began rummaging through my closet,  she said in an irritated tone. Whatever, I thought, at least I get to see him tonight. Been here twice and he just helps himself, I thought watching him go through my fridge. He put his arm around my shoulders and I leaned my head against him. I said,   he said kissing me longer this time before opening the door and heading out. See, I told myself, I knew this would be a good year! She laughed not buying my act. Our flight was called shortly after that and we boarded the plane. I was so excited that I could barely sit still in my seat. I had wanted to eat there for quite some time, but it had been years since she and I had gone to Disneyland together and Tate hated sushi. I said picking up our keys and readjusting the bags I held. Carly said joining me. she said pulling a change of clothes out of her suitcase. she said linking her arm with mine and pulling the door shut behind us. Danielle is in". Come on in. That was crude. Here it is. But Eva's cracked lips and parched throat demanded fresh water, and her tangled, matted hair wouldn't resent a thorough washing as well. It took her a moment before she suddenly realized what it was. Propping herself up on a nearby driftwood log that had been rubbed smooth and silver by the saltwater and sand, Eva started to survey her surroundings. These were the foothills to a massive volcanic mountain that loomed above the landscape around it. The remaining stocking was more like fishnet than clothing. Even as the thought crossed her mind, her throat stung with thirst, causing her to cough dryly. Every movement seemed to be a threatening creature, waiting in the darkness for an unwary traveler to pass by. Braving the shadowy forest could be frightening—downright dangerous, even—but anything was better than freezing or starving on the beach. Perhaps they would be able to help her, if she could find them. As her father always said, reason was the key to solving any problem. She could even remember the little townhouse where they lived not twenty minutes from the port—not too far, but not so close that the stench was overpowering—her room on the second story, painted yellow, with petunias in the window box and gauzy muslin drapes. Or worse—? Then she might be in a more rational state of mind, ready to make sense of her own thoughts and perhaps recall what had brought her there. Now, Eva realized, she heard another sound, low and faint, but audible. Still, it was water, and as she bent to taste it, she found that it was sweet. At least here, in her immediate vicinity, she had water, and the forest canopy was dense enough that she imagined it would provide good shelter should it rain. What had drawn her attention? The forest was still. Eva tried to move and found herself paralyzed, staring hopelessly as the creature slowly began to emerge. A long, serpentine tongue flickered out. Bigger than her, possibly. With every step she took, she imagined that she could hear the creature's breathing over her own labored breath, growing continuously closer. She did, however, feel something hard close suddenly and painfully around her foot. A trap. Those teeth were buried deep into her foot, and a short chain attached her to a heavy stake that had been pounded into the hard ground. What if in her frenzied run, she'd only distanced herself from any possible rescuer? It would be upon her instantly, and with her foot caught in the trap, there was nothing Eva could do to defend herself. She could waste away slowly and die before anybody ever found her. After a few frustrating attempts, Eva tried pulling it out by indirectly yanking on the chain, but she soon gave that up when it seemed to jostle her foot more than the stake. Her throat burned for water, her mouth dry and cottony. The darkness was all encompassing. A warm orange glow began to shine in the distance, casting eerie shadows that swung lazily back and forth. What if help passed a few paces by her, completely unaware of her presence because she was unable to make a sound? Her hand closed around a rock and she managed to toss it a short distance into the undergrowth, where it fell with a disturbingly soft thunk. She counted five. he said with a wink, his gruff voice warm. He gave it two sharp turns and tugged it free, taking care not to jerk the chain. She was hardly in a position to protest. Maybe that's why he noticed her. Her eyes were brown, and from his vantage point he noted they contained the edges of amber; he wondered if they ever sparkled. It was strange that of all the places in the city, they had chosen that one, on that particular night, at that particular time – and that particular girl. He sighed loudly, then darted his eyes in her direction, but she remained fixated with the pages of her book. A silent sigh, this time, was emitted from his lips, and he scratched a mop of sandy brown hair and sprung out in all different directions; girls said it was a sexy bed head look. He offered to walk her home, and she'd only accepted because of his persistence, and his puppy dog face. No one had quite rendered him speechless before the way she had, and she hadn't even done it intentionally. She could imagine – foolishly – herself melting in those eyes. He waited until she had disappeared around the corner before reluctantly heading the way he'd come. The magic may not have sparked at first – it took some months before she would come to accept the feelings he evoked in her – but they evolved eventually. I plan on adding to Legend of the Laundromat Queen quite soon, hence the Laundromat-themed piece of rubbish. And then, moments later, when the class had flied out, he turned towards me and pushed me against the wall and kissed me senseless. Mind out of gutter, Cassidy. As soon as the door closed and there was nobody looking, I stood up and was pushed roughly against the wall near a corner of the room that was out of view from the windows. I would be completely happy. A few weeks later Sophia shouted towards me and smiled as she ran towards me. I mean she was my best friend and everything and I knew that she liked Bryant… but, it made me sick with jealously to think that she was over here alone with him. He kissed the top of my head as I wrapped my arms around his torso. Mara, one of my other friends, and Jordan, another one of my friends were within the clump of girls. Mara seemed to notice because she pulled me away, seconds later towards a hallway that was pretty much empty and people wouldn't question us as they walked up. Girls were back-stabbers; obviously, I hadn't noticed it until now. And the love of my life cheated on me with my ex-best friend. Fuck. Although, I had missed it so many times. Mara looked at me curiously as I stood up and walked towards Bryant and Sophia. I stood on my tiptoes and kissed him openly, not caring who was watching. All I could think was: Take that bitch. He has blonde hair, blue eyes, a 6'4 compared to his tall figure. To me, it sounds like they left out part of the whole story, but that's the basics I guess. At first, the band didn't want to find a new band guitarist, but it's what they want to do with their future, so they had to find someone. She is one of the funniest, kindest, most random people I know and I don't know what I'd do without her. Our neighborhood constantly had upper middle-class houses on sale, so it wasn't surprising that new families moved in every month. I took it, smiling. Please queue the eye rolling! He seemed trustworthy and nice. I think I can handle myself, thank you very much. As I took clothes, I folded them and put them on my bed, but once the song 'Under The Sea' came on from the Little Mermaid, I couldn't refrain myself from singing loudly and dancing wildly. Whatever, I shut my door all the way and went back to putting my clothes away, but before I did, I made sure to blast another Disney song and sang along with it. Both my parents are morning people, constantly up by six or seven. He usually stayed down there for the majority of the day, only coming up for a bathroom break or to get food. ! Oh lucky me. m. kind of person. It was a picturesque view. Ian. I heard the sound of pen on paper, but didn't dare to look. I turned the lid of my thermos and took a heavenly sip of my favourite cocoa. Not the best experience, to be frank. ). Because I really don't want to be the clingy and annoying type of girlfriend everyone mocks about. Breathe. Gross. ) and placed my hands shyly on his strong, broad shoulders. Die. My heart is literally doing summersaults and dancing cha-chas. Speaking of which, I hope its feeling better now. You make me… Me. I ran over to the cordless phone and dialed, waiting impatiently for him to pick up the phone. I fiddled with my thumb nervously. Read and review, okay? His back is turned to me, so I can't read his body language, but I don't need to see him to know he is enjoying it. She's every guy's perfect sexual playground, and she is even kind enough to let them all experience her. I wipe the back of my hand across my mouth, indifferent. He pauses with a shrug. I shake my head. I start to say something, but then I remember Sam making out with Jessica Stavely, and I no longer really care. Normally, him calling me babe is just something simple and sweet, but now, it makes me feel like I am going to puke again. I am too exhausted to stay angry with him, at least for now, so I let myself lean back onto him. As he began to take football more seriously, he sort of put most of his time into that. He tosses a throw blanket over me and tucks it in at the sides, gently smiling. this is a fairly short story anyway, so i should be good. ! One chapter. Not much of a plot line, but I tried. Click. My mom had long since stopped caring when he passed out on our couch for the night. But that was alright; I got to eat it just the same. I was stuck with him. I could feel him breathing down my neck, reading over my shoulder. His adorable smirk was one of the things that kept me from going absolutely berserk on him sometimes. He then proceeded to roll me backwards, away from my paper and towards the television. Curse people with naturally straight hair. He barely ever dressed up for anything. Which really sucked. I asked, finally having brought my attention over to the television screen. She spoke into the camera (creepy smile never ceasing) as she talked the audience through the recipe. Then, with his free hand, he picked up the remote and moved it to his lap. Zack only tightened his grip on my hand. My living room was hot as hell, and the material of the sofa was not making the situation any better. This kind of weather only made us students even more eager to get out of school, but we still had a week and a half left. I still had so much work to do. He waited until I finally stopped mumbling incoherently against his palm. Zack unsurely placed his hand on my upper arm, sending Goosebumps down my skin even despite the extreme heat. Zack's were picking at the hem of his shirt as he pulled at an invisible loose thread. I avoided his gaze at all cost. He was probably brushing his teeth in the guest bathroom, as I had just done in the upstairs bathroom. I could hear his feet creaking on the wood and the shuffling of material as he lied down on the couch once more. I'd just grown so used to his presence. My living room grew quiet, and I assumed he was asleep. Still, I didn't open my eyes. My mother, knowing that I was an extremely light sleeper, always went straight into her room after she came home from work. I could tell he was troubled by the way his head hung slightly. he murmured, so low that I barely even heard it. As he stood up from the end of my bed and went to leave, I sat up and grabbed his hand. I shot my best friend a reassuring smile. Zack was already on breakfast. Pretty much just extreme fluff, but it was fun to write, I guess. Woopty-fucking-doo. Aren't I just so fucking proud. Ahh, sweet nicotine. Baited breath and all that shit. The best part is when the dumbasses actually believe me. Great. Then I'd have no where to hang out when I'm skipping. It's where I spend most of my time inside the school. And then I can spend some time criticizing it in my head. It is one of those paintings that causes emotions even though you don't look for them. The scary part is everyone seems to know mine. It's doubtful though. I knock on the door, waiting for it to open. He sees it's me and pulls a face like I'm some sort of a disease. a smirk. I sit down at an empty desk at the back of the room. I like my space, is there anything wrong with that? Fuck. Seems more childish and petty to me. And as a result all the halls are jammed full of teenagers talking and laughing like idiots. Finally. I hate him already. Shit. Why do I always get stuck with the bitchiest people? Swaying on a hook in the wind. Not even on winter naked trees. His blood a spreading pool that soaked through the threadbare carpet beneath him in watered down pink and red. His blood bound duty as a soldier who was no more human than the metal tags around his neck. A small wooden stool with one missing leg, decorated by Goldilocks and the three bears. Their friends. The Medic knew, the man was done for. And he'd shot him dead. Heavy artillery booming out like thunder. Several manning Tank machine guns, others that he spotted with badges and stripes and patches that marked them as a leader, and those about to take out a soldier from his Corps. Air rushing from his lungs as the sounds of war and death turned to numbed silence, and earth rained down on his face and chest in chunks. His head dazed and empty, a high, hollow ringing in his ears. He was twenty four and they had shared a foxhole for a little while. To the whistle of bullets through the air. Killing and being killed in skirmishes that carried on throughout the night. The plan was to place small groups of men in strategic locations and cut the Americans off from one another. He didn't have their faces to add to his lists. . A tangle of broken limbs that didn't twitch or move again. Anything but to stay still and let the world catch up with his head. In the quiet, alone. He would probably join them soon, the dead, to be devoured. His breathing slow, light, and his muscles lax, even if his finger remained fixed on the trigger, and his eye at the scope. Its wings folded gently to its side under a man's gentle thumbs. Stroking pale wing feathers before he leaned forward and out of the window. He saw the barrel of the gun in the window opposite, he saw the frail light gleam off black metal, and froze. Every one. Blue and living, with light instead of sightless death. Not someone who was about to shoot him back. He couldn't imagine anything worse. Swallowed up by muddy water with a splash too small to hear. It hurt, it hurt so much. The rain on his lips doing nothing to ease the terrible thirst he felt. Blue like peace. But, I just didn't see him that way. Aaron and I really had no choice in the matter; we've always been friends. We burst out laughing causing Bree to join in. That is definitely becoming a habit for him. I mean, yeah, I'd love to travel the world, see different places, but home was here. I have an amazing band of friends too. We can be inseparable. She is quiet, calm, a little shy, smart, gentle and loving. She has a slightly more athletic build to her, with a heart shaped face. Blake is awesome; he's funny, a little obnoxious at times, lovable, immature and boyish. Nonetheless, I love them all very much. Just like that we were back to normal; neither of us angry with the other. I put on my sunglasses just as the doorbell rang. I spotted Jake and Blake, who were walking towards me. Before he could pick me up again, I began to run and Kim and Bree joined me. We raced around, after a while and they caught us. By now, we had caught the attention of most of the student body, and they all cheered us on, some girls with jealous expressions on their faces. All in all, it was a fun afternoon. I jumped in the front and I hummed along to a song playing in Aaron's car, and I was aware of him watching me trying not to laugh. The flooring is dark cherry wood, with white fluffy carpets one in front of the washroom, another at the foot of the bed, a third in front of the closet, one in front of the TV/sitting area and one at my desk. I had no idea how they got there; hell I had no idea how I got here. After a day at the beach, I really needed a shower. After showing them where the other bathrooms were, I went to my bathroom and took my shower, savoring the hot water massaging my body. Why were they home so early? He had blond hair, with hazel eyes and stood at 6'5. I left the kitchen and ran up the stairs. Good, enough time to get ready, and sexy. Enjoy! Character POV indicated in the top left-hand corner. No wonder we were playing in this dump. I could do better than this. ? –Probably would have walked out after the first song. I just glared, forcing myself to keep my mouth shut and snaked my way towards the bar, and away from my pathetic excuse of a band. He pulled out the stool next to me and continued to talk. No band can be worse than what I'm already in…' and got up to go tell Pete, Rob and Steve that I'd quit. Has a bit of a crush on a certain someone. Like many big mistakes, mine involved far too much alcohol. It usually gets pushed out of my mind by the end of the week, though, so it hasn't ever posed a significant problem. It makes no sense whatsoever. the class of 2012's sophomore spring semester). For now, I'll just say this: they're metaphorical. No, the strangest part of my day had nothing to do with Patrick Graywake or Algebra or bathrooms, although none of those things really helped matters simmer down. The whole encounter was out there, to be honest, but it was his statement that really tipped things over the precipice, past weird and on to straight up disorderly. It'll be easier for me that way. And aside from the damp imprints that dripping hair was leaving on said white shirt, I guess. So, yeah. In all that time, I had never ridden the bus to school with him either. Contradictory from the very first. So maybe if the bus had been on time it would have spared me the encounter that changed my life. Maybe, most likely, I suspected. And it was because he had that motorcycle that he shouldn't have needed to take the school bus that morning. I was a little upwind of them because Jacob Prince smoked and I didn't like to breathe in the scent of it, didn't like the idea of it lingering on my clothes throughout the school day. By the time that I realized I probably shouldn't stiffen (because he would feel it, he was close enough), it was too late. What did happen was that I twisted my head to look at DC Birch full on in his face without realizing it, because I have some serious issues that I probably should address with a therapist in the near future. It was too much to hope that he wouldn't notice; he was looking back at me. And then, mercifully, the bus came. My mother was a lot of great things but patient was not one of them. That and the erratic beating of my heart because of how close he was and how odd that made things. But every time we jolted my clothes brushed against his clothes or the skin of the short-sleeved arm against me. As if closer were a possibility. All openmouthed, deer-in-headlights, terrified confusion. I thought my legs were actually rubber. It suited me. On that day, however, I faked being sick and snuck off to the bathrooms. ), and then I hastened out of there before anyone else could catch me in the act. The beginning of the end. . Things could be better. Thank you for taking the time to discover this and I hope you find something worthwhile. But if you've noticed and were confused, that is why. I'm the girl who gets nicknamed Minnie Mouse because I'm so shy and so short. Three guesses why. But really, does that count as pushover? Jasper Lion? And that, is not something big on my 'to do' list. Jasper is undoubtedly the hottest boy at high school in the 21 century. [Gulp]. The shark tooth looped through one ear enough to make that puddle of melted girl scream and trickle away in terror. The other ninety eight percent? And no normal boy with his good looks and intelligence would be leaning against the bike shed smoking cigarettes. Apparently. I glanced over to the other side of the field where she and her cronies were glaring at me. Actually speechless is probably better than fainting. Sound good to you? Sure my voice was shaking and I was about to wet my pants but still. I glanced back at Tricia who had a happy smirk set on her face. Not that I'd argue with him. Right then I was wearing cut off jeans and a faded blue Disney sweater that was two sizes to big for me. Does not compute! It really just wasn't my day. He grabbed me by the waist and crushed me to him, my arms dangling uselessly by my side because I'd forgotten how to move. I would have loved to have him kiss me all day, but it was over almost as soon as it had begun. but he was an amazing kisser. Heck, I still hadn't gotten over it. It lasted a whole lot longer than a few secounds. If your dogged set against it, you probably could get by, though. And her reactions to big things were just insane. I wasn't even sure if he liked Guinness. Usually I was able to diffuse the situation after twenty-five years of practice, but not living with her anymore certainly slowed my reflexes. If it was one of my other friends, I'd probably tell her to stop whining and go pee on a stick. I'm already getting drooled on and it's not from an adorable baby but my full-grown married sister. I asked when she was calm. Though Gracie and I were always both regular as the freakin' sunrise, so I would have been more surprised if she wasn't knocked up. She screamed again. I said. But Gracie didn't want to tell anyone yet. And she had a tendency to be quite bitchy when drunk. But she seemed to enjoy it, so I didn't care. I suggested. I pat her on the head for the third time. With my mother's name and my past roles in more well known companies, I only took the job because I missed out on better opportunities. I could normally overcome distractions quite easily when I had to work, but I'd never had to deal with a pregnant sister. It didn't hurt that he had one of the most remarkable voices I'd ever heard. I'd known Aubin from when I was in Phantom of the Opera a couple years earlier. Josh was just as smashed as I was, and I found myself liking him more and more as I drank more and more. I managed to get out. Did my vocabulary actually expand when I was drunk? Gracie was a raging bitch when she was drunk, I was a lusty, salacious little trollop. I didn't have boyfriends, not really. That was always a disaster in my experience. Or if I even wanted to. For years I gave my sister crap for being a loser, when in fact, I was the real loser. I understood her better than anyone, at least into pregnancy fears. I just had to go and do the noble thing. so you get to hear some of their relationship woes second hand by Sarah's involvement with them. It's silly but fun, and I actually put in the time to think of an explanation for it. For everyone not bothered, voila, here you go. We still played together when my time permitted. My life was close to perfect then. It was such a foolish thing to think, I cringe to remember it now. It was no different from any other Thursday night, except for one thing. The drug they'd injected took effect with stunning swiftness; my bag of schoolbooks was still falling towards the ground when my vision turned black. Specially reinforced for inhumans, then. My thoughts simply turned and dove for a corner out of self-preservation. I knew- in the animal half who knew things my human brain did not- that these men hadn't come to help me. I saw as little of him as possible, not wanting to draw attention by staring; dark hair and clothing, a flash of icy white skin and pretty lips that curled into a displeased expression. I hid my face in my legs and tried desperately to pretend I was elsewhere. His flinty grey-lavender eyes stayed glued to mine, holding me still as he stared, keeping me in that moment for too long to keep track of. I didn't dream after that. Leaning against the bathroom sink, Lizzy absently cleaned her teeth and brushed away the dark strands of hair that framed her face. Lizzy wrinkled her nose, her stomach churning uncomfortably at the sight. Bounding from the kitchen, she flung open the front door and smiled brightly and the figure within the doorway. Now in their final year, their skins had thickened and the barbs and insults simply slid past them unheard. She wrinkled her nose in distaste and turned to stare at her best friend. Yep, that was her best friend. Jumping from the car in her usual bright manner, Liz smoothed down her plaid skirt and uniform blazer and hurriedly grabbed for Beth. A frustrated shuffling of papers occurred before the principle restarted the morning assembly. It was moment like these that made Liz swear off men and marriage. Alpha female of senior year and the entire school. Her eyes immediately found Beth's hazel gaze. Suddenly, from within the raucous crowd emerged a single, breathy exclamation. Especially the freshman, boy did they look freaked out. Ah the fate of yee old blue bloods. Frothing, spasms and all. It had! Not that she liked the idea of two texts but she still relished the taste of pain and misery that suddenly hung in the air. Eh…she shrugged her shoulder apathetically and raised her hand. If it was even possible. With an eagerness, which had been lacking all day, Elizabeth gathered her things and headed for the classroom door. If you could bolt surreptitiously that is. She was salivating just thinking about it. Upon reaching the car, Liz slid into the passenger seat and changed the radio station before Beth could protest. Please review! But in the future, it is likely I'll use a few more little tid-bits about them to support my story. I learned to trust fate to lead me where I needed to go. Save up some money by not paying rent and get a job to start getting my life on track. I'd gotten to where I wanted to be with no real complications to speak of. My father shut himself off from me and my older brother, who had returned home from California until things calmed down. I was absolutely broken…this wasn't in my plan. But I wasn't going to do that in New York…or anywhere close to New York. For the first time I wasn't going to follow what my head told me to do…I was going to listen to what felt right. I finally found one that looked like it had some importance. Please give it some thought and call me as soon as you get this so we can talk about it a bit more. Before I knew what I was doing, I was on my cell phone and calling Tracy. My heart was the one doing the talking as it kept pounding away in my chest. But the thought of having some place to go with all of the boxes that I had just packed excited me. When I hung up the phone, I realized that I never even asked Tracy the name of the band that I was going on tour with. He looked up at me and stood up slowly, almost as if it pained him to move. Suddenly the speaker had a voice coming out of it. This band didn't need my emotional baggage, that wasn't what I was hired for. I put on a large smile, tried to stop analyzing their looks, and made my way toward them. He was absolutely gorgeous, how had I not noticed that two seconds before? The boy whose name might have been Cody even let out a small laugh. For some reason, when she mentioned going on tour, I figured it would be some up and coming small band that was doing a small tour with whoever would book them. All three of them laughed and began grabbing their things, so I followed suit and filled my arms with my luggage. I nodded again and kept walking. I stopped dead in my tracks. Running back home to my father wasn't going to be an option anymore. I nodded nonchalantly and then smiled. I took a moment to close my eyes and silently I wished my old life goodbye. I hope you enjoyed it. I mean, really, I do know where to draw the line. And I never, ever go to bed without brushing my teeth. I don't even know how it happened. But I'll spare you the gory details. And nakedness. She died within a week. I left and immediately went to his apartment (where he lives since it's closer to his college), let myself in (as if I don't know where he hides his key), and barged into his bedroom. We gave high fives and arm wrestled and, maybe, if he was feeling particularly bad about something, he patted my back consolingly. Go give him a damn hug. I just like the scent, so I kept buying it. I probably should have told him to back off, because that action put me four feet over the line of Appropriate Best Friend Behavior. He definitely hypnotized me into wanting him. Actually, I forgot that there ever was a line of Appropriate Best Friend Behavior. Besides, even thinking something like that is so against the rules. Yeah, my mom named me after the character in Nicholas Sparks' book, The Notebook, because she wanted me  (I hate to burst your bubble, Mom, but Noah and Allie Calhoun are fictional characters). Um, thanks, but no thanks; I'd rather not be mocked for the remainder of my sad existence. My grandma, the one who cursed me, I mean. With her brittle bones, rheumatoid arthritis in every joint of her body, lack of control over her bowel movements, and atrophying muscles, she was confined to her bed, looking like a sweet, little old lady, who was slowly losing her mind. And if I didn't, she would pinch my arm really, really hard. When I put less, she accused me of trying to send her to an early grave (okay, so that part was kind of true) by starving her. But what's the point in trying when I know I'll be shot down because of that stupid curse? Then I broke my wrist when I fell down the stairs – hey, I never said that I'm coordinated – and when I got back from the hospital, Chris came over to watch the Game Show Network with me and shout out the answers like we always did, as though I'd never told him that he was so stupid that my dad's ingrown toenail could beat him in an IQ test), and every time we did, I would go running to my mom, asking her to help me make it better. And my tongue might have been in his mouth at some point, too. No, I barreled over the line, and then I just kept on going. I finger one of my locks of hair absentmindedly, admiring the smooth texture, when my mom opens her mouth. I don't go sleeping around, period. loved. ! He's just the funny parent. He's just always been my best friend. It's more like she's confirming her own thoughts. . . Or anytime in this millennium, for that matter. The best friend rule is one rule that I will never break again. In fact, I think she only has two emotions – happy and sad, though happy is the predominant one. I mean, her t-shirts just hang off her body like limp boxes. I'm just saying that he should date someone who's my height, not me in particular, of course. She is a religious freak after all. I don't love him in the way that he deserves to be loved, so I can't ever be with him. This is all wrong. And yet here I am, knocking. Maybe I should've just sent him an email. Then, finally, he turns serious and sits me down on the couch with him. Last time I checked, you don't have to be in love with someone to date them. I never wanted to claim him as my significant other because I thought I was cursed, and I believed that by wanting him to be my boyfriend, I would lose him. I wouldn't allow myself to fall in love with him. There's passion hidden underneath, honest. But if you did ask all the right questions, I would've said yes. he smirks. It's quite pathetic, really. Turns out it was being translated! One clear drop fell for every crimson one he had shed: life drained away, along with her joy, and he'd left only one letter, crumpled and wet in her pale, shaking hands. But not who had dragged her, and not why he had. He was knelt right behind her. This one wondered, words darkly swamped with a deep, grasping greed. Rough, leather-gloved hands caught her and forced her to roll back over, Heather yelping as her weight crushed her hands to the ground. She struggled again, forcing herself onto her side as those hands tried to grab at her ankles, but the second thing caught her and held her in place, hissing for her to stay put. How far must they have dragged her from civilized society if the rooms here had no electricity? It took everything in her to not try to escape, but the half human creatures had already turned to speak with each other, ignoring her terror. He made a gesture with his hands in midair, tracing the outline of her body, and Heather immediately wished she could die. His clawed, sickly albino hands ghosted over her chest and Heather nearly shuddered, hating the way those thin lips slid back into a toothy, fanged grin. She knew for a fact that her eyes were plain brown, no different from most of her friends, but the Master insisted she answer, yanking the gag from her mouth. Her eyes screwed themselves shut and Heather forced herself to stay as still as she could, despite the fear-induced quivering. Automatically she flinched, legs tied together or not, but he caught her and pinned her back down. He flipped her back over, hands in her hair, and this time a pounding headache sprang up with the darkness. She especially loved the fact that often times, she was the only one who wanted to go outside and brave the cold. She was certain that it was no accident when he nearly knocked her to the ground. They were almost too full for a boy, and that bothered Leila a lot. There were at least five Ryans in her graduating class alone. When the thought passed, she went on, with a fraction less of enthusiasm. The person behind her moved uncomfortably close to her. She moved with it, and, unfortunately, so did the pest behind her. He sounded euphoric. His lips still bothered her, though. She didn't want to be rude to Ryan. I forgot, I have this dinner thing with my parents, and I'm already late. There were too many Ryans in the area, and she had no idea what his last name was. He got his date, her name, he needed nothing else from her. She was listening to the people in the line. He probably hasn't seen me. Leila forced a smile, and pretended that she hadn't wanted to see him all week, sans the girl. After a few moments, it became genuine. She turned to leave,  She waved over her shoulder, and walked out of the café. She needed to meet Chastity in ten minutes. There was a pause, as if he didn't know what to say. This new side to him was very endearing. They got their food, and never ran out of anything to say. Would it be weird, or would it make it even better. They were perfect. They were progressively better each time they celebrated something. Even the best relationships have fights. In most of her previous relationships, that had stopped after the first few weeks. In her mind, there was no other man more perfect for her. She shrugged it off, wanting to enjoy every moment that she had with him. Fifteen minutes later, they were in a spot that sparked something in Leila's memory, but she couldn't quite place it. He whispered softly in her ear. Just nothing hateful! Ridiculous. And, unfortunately, I'm their favorite victim. He ignored me. Well, eventually I caught the attention of an entertainment agent and shortly after I turned twelve, I was singing on Broadway. He clicked instantly with my brother and grudgingly with me. But I didn't complain – I owed them my success, after all, and my family still called me plain ol' Rachel. I didn't need to live in the next sequel to . Curiously, I leaned forward, wondering if I was going to be bequeathed with some deep, dark secret. Curious, I decided to look over, but Lindy stopped me. Does one simply stroll up unannounced and casually ask,  That would be, in the least, quite awkward, and I wasn't sure if I could do something so forward. He was focused on me, a look of concentration engraved on somewhat elfin features. His focused eyes stared at me from under dark, stern brows. I turned swiftly back to Lindy, who was regarding me with a grin. I didn't dare look at him until I was a few feet away, because I was sure he was watching my every movement. Up close, his fey features looked more dangerous that beautiful, his gaze more stern than curious. I frowned. I refused to believe it. Not at all. I was forced to move closer in order to take it, and I did so with much caution. Even my tight grip on my pencil. Regarding him warily, I waited (too) patiently for my answer. What gave him the right to go around drawing people and then declaring that he was adding their souls to his…collection? I was fully and completely awake, yet my eyes felt heavy, though no matter how I laid and how tired I felt, sleep would not come to me. It was inevitable. There was an itching, hollow ache in my chest that I had been ignoring, but now it worried me. I shuddered at the thought. But, no matter how I pleaded and cried, he only laughed and taunted me further, with flames dancing in his clear dark eyes. I wasn't sure, however, as I didn't pay much attention to boy. He also had a tie, which I thought was odd – not many boys wore ties, as they weren't required. he asked the next moment, crossing his arms and narrowing his eyes. The look on her face told me that she still thought I was being ridiculous. So determined I was, in fact, that I told Lindy just that. I was on a mission, after all. The west wing was where my Spells class was, so I was familiar with the area, though I couldn't ever recall seeing Conner Rafferty hanging around there. Or, even worse, was it real? They had spotted me before I had them, and Connor Rafferty was among them. He continued to fidget with his hair, a considering look on his face. I recalled that they give a feeling of fleeting euphoria, and I'd never felt euphoria before so I decided to ask him if he was alright. A fish? I began to tingle. He opened his mouth to say something, but I cut him off quickly. I turned and fled, running from the sounds of hoots and laughter behind me. It would always be there inside me, cackling as Connor Rafferty's friends had done. I suppose he never intended to give it back to me. Classes were over, and I was hiding on my bed. And now irritated. Lindy arched a neatly plucked eyebrow at me. It was my intention, then, to creep up to the west wing and wait – hopefully said boy would pass by that way before curfew set in. Was he here to return it? Instead, it was full of writhing snakes. Then, still under the influence of temporary insanity, I screwed my eyes shut, arched up, and pressed my lips firmly onto his. Yet unresponsive. I could still feel his on my own. I'm sure I looked like a splotchy tomato. Instead, he was looking down at me with those dark eyes under stern brows. Instead of trying to push him away, I anchored my fingers into the soft material of his shirt. He pressed closer to me, wrapping his other arm around my waist – a good thing because my knees were wobbling. He gave a groan of his own in response, kissing me with force that made me shiver before breaking away just as quickly. I let go of him hastily. My roommate and I had a habit of taking our shoes off by the door, though, so they tended to pile up and obstruct the way into the apartment. I immediately liked these new shoes, but I did remind myself to ask my roommate if she was maybe changing her style. They definitely weren't men's shoes, that much I could tell by the size of them. It wasn't loud, but no matter how hard I listened, I could not hear anyone else there with her. It wouldn't hurt to lose a few pounds, I figured. . Which meant that I had just slept for almost four hours. And I had to get up early for work tomorrow. She obviously hadn't been out of her room much while I was asleep. That was where most of her visitors came from, actually, the clubs. It didn't bother me, and it certainly wouldn't bother her, that much I knew from the way she was always running around the apartment in her underwear. I had just started to relax a little, not even bothering to cover my chest with my arms anymore, when I heard the sound of a door opening and the shuffle of feet. I watched in astonishment as a smirk started to form on the guy's face. I explained. I mean, what the fuck? Classy, no? )smirk. Hope you guys like it and please review if you have the chance. This was not a good way to start the day, much less the school year. With a sigh of both despair and resignation she walked into the classroom only to have all eyes set on her. Luckily, the man decided to let it slide and sent her to her seat without much fuss. The only visible difference was that one of them wore a blue ribbon, matching the blue socks and tie of the uniform. Luckily, his friend, and possible girlfriend, Shina wasn't so distracted and was always there to remind him of his duties. Already some of her classmates were nodding off. She had to deal with it in her first year of High School, but she never thought she would have to deal with it in her senior year. His energetic way of teaching and constant joking around made for a more than tolerable history lesson. Math class, already Mira's most hated subject, became unbearable. Seeing this of course, Mira decided to take advantage of the situation for as long as she could and made a habit of getting to school late. Apart from that not much was known about him, but that was fine with her. Even Beaumont-sensei entertained her more with her constant threats and glares. He glanced at her and watched her blink in surprise. Mira was not an exception. Unfortunately, it had to be done and so she called her cousin and after explaining that she would be late, headed to receive her punishment. The other teacher in the room, however, didn't look too happy. Apparently, this would be a very long school year. Now, to make matters worse, he's been kidnapped. It's late, too late to be out on a school night getting drunk and waiting to watch a fight, but I don't care; and it's not like I have anyone at home worried about my well being anyways. The lights illuminating the thundering eighteen-wheelers, belching smoke and steam, also provides the only source of light in the dark lot we're crowded in. At the thought, my freezing hand dips into that pocket and I grip the cold metal of the pocket knife for a sense of comfort and to make sure it's still there; it would be just my luck to lose it and then end up getting caught in the middle of the expected fight- I definitely couldn't hold my own against the boys who will be here soon. I know his request for my presence has ulterior motives, but that doesn't bother me; I'm just happy to be out of my fucking house. The crunching footsteps now coming towards me, where I sit on the open tailgate of Blake's huge truck, seem loud above the rest of the noise around me, but soon they stop and the truck suddenly dips heavily from Blake's sturdy weight as he hops onto the cold metal to sit beside me. A big hand suddenly snatches my bottle of precious liquid from my hand too and I watch as Blake takes several large gulps. It helps make those painful thoughts fade to the back of my mind for a little while. I shove the water bottle deep in my hoodie pocket and go willingly, the only thing keeping me on my feet being Blake's hand since my head is reeling from the alcohol coursing through my veins. He pulls away from the kiss after a few minutes to stare down at me, breathless and panting from desire. I don't know what he sees in me that makes him want me so badly, but I don't object; I sort of like being his secret little whore. He had asked me my name and I had quietly told him it was none of his fucking business, which had just made him laugh and my glare darken. He made a stupid excuse about me being a long lost cousin and not seeing each other for years or something like that, a lie he expected me to play along with, and one that I did because he told me too. But Blake had created an even bigger problem than being a threat to my physical safety: he became a threat to my head. But luckily Blake didn't want to be that kind of friend; he just wanted the benefits. So it came as no surprise to me when Blake asked for a blow job in the school bathroom a week after our first meeting. He didn't understand why I was so willing to let him use me like he did and he never will, and I've continued to let it happen with no resistance. I'm selfish and needy in my own ways. Now he's happy to just continue to treat me like a fuck buddy and not an actual friend, which is fine with me. Like the hands shoving me even harder into the cold wall, and the body grinding against mine, and the mouth claiming more hot and heavy kisses right at this moment. He moans above me, his hands gripped in my hair, mumbling something along the lines of . So now, for sick and twisted reasons, I'm my daddy's little fuck toy. I have her delicate, effeminate features, her soft brown hair, her full lips, her big doe eyes that are an exotic hazel color that are so vivid they look unreal. But he's always there in the back of my mind, his cruel words and hateful actions plaguing me at all times. Hopefully I'll end up more like my mother, who, despite her abandoning me with my deranged father, is a kind woman; it's not her fault that I remind her of my father too much to want to be around me. It's a familiar, concerned look he gives me sometimes, like when I show up to school falling down drunk, or high off my ass, reeking of pot, or with bruises all over my face; it's a look a don't want to see right now. Yeah it'll hurt, but I'm expecting it, and I can't let my feelings get in the way and complicate things even more than they already have. And for that, I want to keep his secret safe. It makes me fucking sick that he lets me touch him; I'm a piece of dirt compared to him. I was stupid enough to whine about it a couple weeks ago which resulted in the argument that he backhanded me for; I don't mind being hit by him, but I don't want to ruin this moment, so I keep my mouth to myself. That means more to me than he will ever know. ;)Follow me on Tumblr for lots of yaoi and updates on my stories! But really, in my defense, two of the times were totally not my fault. I ended up with 8 stitches on the bottom of my foot. I also happened to ruin my favorite pair of shoes that morning. He was none too pleased. Luckily I didn't have any broken bones, but I think I bumped my head pretty hard because everything was a bit fuzzy and finding my thoughts took longer than normal to process and get out. Too bad I was sitting there in a hospital gown looking disgusting…and too bad I had a boyfriend and really shouldn't be checking out my doctor. Dr. Kelley rolled over to me and cupped my eyes with his hands. He broke his concentration and gave me a look. He took my chart from her and wrote down a few more notes. I desperately needed this man to sign my release form and send me on my way. Dr. Kelley stood and began walking out of the room. A smile broke out on his face and he laughed. The nurse walked over to me and smiled gently. And this time I wouldn't be able to be back at work for a few days…no, she was not going to be pleased at all. Ever since my first two incidents, I'd become much more careful and aware, but I was still a walking disaster. And I know that that is a horrible excuse…but it's true. I could not marry Charlie Bennett. Anyway, he had told me that he'd pick me up when I signed the release forms, and Dr. Kelley had just signed them for me even though he insisted that I should stay for another day. In fact, he was sitting in front of me rambling on about my instructions for the 3rd time. Jennifer had also been a great help and had made me feel at ease even when I was throwing up into a bucket. He came straight from work so he wore a dark suit with a tie that was loosened around his neck. He wheeled in the chair and helped me into it. So it might take a week or so to get the next part up. I really hope that your enjoyed it! Why should he subject himself to the humiliating task of pursuing some girl, when a bunch of much more accessible girls are launching – well, maybe not exactly launching, it's more like seductively exposing – their hot bods at him with just one glance from his piercing blue eyes? Do people think of that when they see him? And he kind of wants to have sex with her. Or should he go to the mirror to make sure that there are no hawk-like features marring his devilishly handsome face? What if there really are claws jutting out from his – apparently piercing – blue eyes? It's a definite turn-off. And, with further inspection, he realizes happily that he does not remotely resemble a hawk. It's Carson Jennings's job to indulge all those women. He is such a saint. He's about to press the Send button and curse out whoever decided to call him so early in the morning (because calling Carson Jennings at eleven in the morning on a Saturday is practically a crime against humanity) when he sees the name of the caller. In fact, she's a very beautiful woman named Joanna Preston with long blonde hair that smells like mandarin oranges and tantalizing pink lips that are almost always screwed up in a scowl whenever she sets her eyes on Carson. But it was only because he felt like burying his face in her mandarin orange smelling hair really, really badly, so he had to compensate, obviously. So why isn't she in love with him already? So Carson has only ever owned fish, which he killed before the fish even made it to the fish tank because he accidentally dropped the bag and he couldn't scoop them into the tank quickly enough. Crossing out his doodle haphazardly, he quickly scribbles a crude note onto the back of the paper. –Carson. Carson is pretty sure that his whole chest is going to fall into his lap if he brakes too hard, but he doesn't worry about it for too long, because, as he's driving away, he's wishing that he had placed a bucket under Leggy Red Riding Hood's mouth to save his Egyptian cotton sheets. And traumatizing. With razor sharp claws that could slice open his arteries and leave him to die. But he's keeping his trap shut, because he doesn't want to upset Joey, and also because he doesn't know squat about cats. But maybe all dying cats act like this. In fact, the manliness of Carson Jennings is so similar to the manliness of Hercules that Carson might just be Hercules's reincarnation. But there's a beautiful girl – Joey Preston – and a supremely good looking fellow – Carson Jennings, of course – so it's close enough. Carson is twenty-nine years old, after all) down the street to the veterinarian's office, Joey looks at him from the passenger's seat with her mesmerizing hazel eyes. Carson counted. Which he isn't. . See, he read the excerpt, and he liked what he found, so now he wants to borrow her. He should probably make an appointment with a cardiologist before he drops dead of a massive heart attack. But other than that, Carson is just a gem, especially right now, since he's suffering several battle scars from helping out the love of his life. yeah, there really isn't a way to explain that. It was so not a ladies magnet, as he so obviously is. So why is he so hung up on little Joey Preston? She was always obsessed with him, and decided that she needed to find a way to keep Carson all to herself, so she proceeded to perform all sorts of rituals and sacrifices to make Carson fall under her spell. He definitely would've remembered something about Wicca. She would've made a good wife. See, it's perfectly logical when you think about it. But he seriously doubts anyone thinks about mom's meatloaf if there's a corpse in the room. If only someone offered it to him. Carson's not asking for a buffet (though he wouldn't mind one). The times are few and far between, but they do happen. Especially since he happened to be standing in the middle of a large yellow puddle with wet spots on his jeans. Carson didn't make the best first impression on the first day of school, to say the least. Carson and his grandmother don't talk about that moment. On an ogre's forehead. So he just turned around, locked the door, and went back in his car, which, to his relief, did not have a drawing of an ogre with a penis on his forehead. Extreme ones that need coffee twenty-four hours a day and subsequently spend those hours in coffee shops. He's just interested in her. End of story. He doesn't expect to see a picture of himself on the wall, but somehow he still feels sad when he sees that there isn't a picture documenting his part in Joey Preston's life. See, Carson is one smart cookie. extreme like with Joey Preston. There are times to be modest, and this is certainly not one of them. Her hands go under Carson's shirt and swiftly lift it over his head. He always thought he was a pretty suave guy. And maybe he's even a cat person (as long as Barty doesn't start jumping on his head, everything will be okay). Done! But I liked it. He knew, just as they all did, that they'd eventually make their way over to the Gravitron first—it was tradition, after all—so he didn't worry about the argument so much as the possibility of running into the gorgeous laughing girl again as soon as possible. He couldn't help but smile a little himself as he watched her bump hips with another girl in line, sending her friend stumbling. Still gorgeous. At this distance he could actually hear her, and her laugh sounded refreshingly real—no tinkling bells, no lyrical bullshit, but full, buoyant, and utterly charming. By no means were they against a casual run-in now, but she surprised them all by instigating the meeting. she told him. Rival students tended to swarm, especially—it was a fact everyone accepted and even looked forward to, as it would inevitably inspire gossip that would make the following week of class much more interesting. There was a slight challenge to her voice that made his stomach tighten in excitement. But then the girls slinked off again, his girl leaving him with a little wave of the fingers and a sly wink, and Finn began to see how frustratingly cat-and-mouse this game was becoming. But it wasn't girlproof, and he couldn't help the way he turned his head every five minutes, ear straining to hear that thread of laughter that would clue him into her location. His friends were already dragging him away by the time it was her turn, but he heard her laughing all the way down. And there was no mistaking the feel of it when it suddenly pelted down out of the sky in one thick, spontaneously evil sheet of fun-ending doom. Isn't that what they did in movies? His blood pumped in excitement as she leaned out, and when he met her half way, it was she who took his face in her hands and kissed the hell out of him. He had no idea how long it lasted—he just knew her mouth, the taste of her and the rainwater mingling together, of carnival fun and the excitement of beautiful, laughing strangers with unbelievable kissing skills. The windows went back up, and though he hated to see her car pull ahead—away from him—he couldn't help but think that she was by far the craziest, coolest girl he'd ever met, and that he was glad for at least that one singular moment, if nothing else. God, he wanted to kiss her again. I walked out onto the stage, my stomach in butterflies. ! . ". . . ! ? "? Look! Well, isn't this just cheery? (Well, very actually. . I walked back over to the bed. ! ". That hurt! No thoughts of that sort! somewhere away from you". . ". . . Well, he is. "? OH! . EW, I NEED TO CHANGE! . I looked in the wardrobe. On paper in pen. So this is Kieron's story and i'm really hoping you like it. ]blurb[. ! When he tried to grasp for a fragment, to hold on to it and see the damage he'd caused, it slipped away his mind unable to process the strange sights. His head was bowed in fatigue, dark strands of hair falling into his eyes. Her innocent smiles were one of the only bright spots in his long monotonous days of being universally hated and he was determined to ensure she remained exactly as she was for as long as he could manage. While he couldn't care less of what others thought of his black moods, with their father absent on another of his trips, he was the only person Lily could rely on and she didn't need to be exposed to the horrors that lurked within him. His legs pumped hard, pounding against the earth as he sprinted, moving as though he was trying to outrun his anger. The heavens couldn't be cruel enough to sentence him to a lifetime of such a gruesome ordeal. He spun on his heel, his eyes trying desperately to pierce through the darkness and find who had been brave enough to steal from him. His face was not one that people should ever see, that fact had been made abundantly clear to him. Their eyes locked, green with brown before the hyenas bowed their heads in submission. The past was gone and though he would never be free of its grip all he could do was move forward. Her captor, Amir, was nothing if not persistent but then again so was she. Amir's men had soon realised she'd escaped, they always did, and once again she was on the run. A gleeful chuckle bubbled inside of her chest, threatening to spill from her lips and give away her position when she realised the distance between her and her pursuers was increasing. Her eyes were drawn irresistibly to the ground below, her mind assessing the damage that would have befallen her if she'd plummeted to earth. I've made bigger jumps, she concluded. Whenever she'd tried to leap even short distances with her eyes closed she always missed and she knew without a shadow of a doubt that this time was going to be no different to all the others. Once she was through the thick foliage, the ground rushed to meet her and with nothing to break her fall, she closed her eyes, gritted her teeth against the oncoming pain and curled her body into as small a shape as possible. Lying against the ground, her eyes watered in pain. Her trembling limbs collapsed beneath her and her head began to swim in a pain-induced delirium. She tried to see his face but his features were obscured by shadow despite the returning moonlight. He turned to walk away, ready to leave her to her fate and despite the danger it posed, she spoke, calling out to him. But now i'm back hope fully with a bang! If these are the best years of my life I am going to kill myself. My books all look like a dog's got to them within the first week of my having them. I'll believe it when I see it. He just didn't want to see me – and for good reason, which begs the question; why is he now enrolled in my school? Back in primary school he was always good at stuff like math and science; solid, factual stuff solved by logic and intellect. Jesus Christ, excuse the pun; it's like he's a completely different person. It has to be a whole different person, I mean; the real Clark Coverdale wouldn't touch me with a ten foot pole, he wouldn't enrol into my school if he could help it. Perhaps he needs a little closer inspection. I was still as warm for his form as any eleven year old can get. I'm pretty sure – and this is what kills me – I crushed any romantic notions he had for me when I opened my big, stupid eleven year old mouth about them. So I'm going to have to suck it up and take what he dishes me out because that's what he had to do – and he had an audience. So much so that none of us could bear letting the other have the last word, and so our fights normally ended with us kicking and screaming; our mothers dragging us home by the wrist. What am I doing? I can do this. That's not on. He can't just say something like that and then quit the conversation. I grit my teeth and he shrugs, looking away again, still with that stupid smirk. He doesn't have to be such a jerk about it. I don't give up that easy. I point to my watch, catching my friend Katie's eye and mouth back in a sec before setting my sights on Clark's black uniform tee and tapping him on the shoulder. I bite down on my cheeks to stop the yelp that's threatening to come through my lips and into his ears – ears which I cannot bear hearing any sign of weakness coming from me. Grabbing his arms and huffing I yank them off of my shoulders and go for the collar again. But that's beside the point; old Clark, buried shallowly under his cold exterior, is still very much in there. Sure, it's a little different hearing the words come out of his mouth but still – this is just water under the bridge. Though this may be technically true it does not make my homework any easier. Doesn't mean I'm going to though. But it's all worth working day and night for the Porsche (which I got used and for approximately thirty grand). A big fat fish I want to know the species of. I chuckle even more and turn my eyes back to Charlotte, who is eyeing me curiously. Charlotte stares at me in confusion and looks over her shoulder again before facing me with a smirk. It's not a very nice feeling, either. A game that I don't like to play especially when the other player is an arrogant blonde who after tiring of the jewel chucks it right back in the chest. Shaking my head I turn back to designing my game, free from stupidity and judgement in a world of my own creation – until yet again I am interrupted. Shrugging, I shut down my game program as I'm obviously not going to get anything finished with all these interruptions. I can't just sit here allowing myself to get progressively nervous every second that ticks by – but my lips are refusing to open and my brain isn't coming up with anything intelligent. Consequently, my face is heating up and I find myself not just speechless, but unable to move. I know it. It's not very nice to play dirty but then I've never played fair. I smirk at his naivety; does he really think after all that near kissing he's going to get away with not kissing me? Making that colossal mistake gives him the right to mock you about it for…oh, the rest of your life; especially if he doesn't feel the same way. Not to mention, and most important of all – who. I can feel his breathe pluming into my face, his hair touching the top of my forehead and tickling it. Laughing at me. Hands land down on my shoulders and squeeze, causing my eyes to snap back to his; his which are looking down at mine, pools of bubbling, hissing hazel. We don't have any at all. I just want it to be. All I know is I can see my cute best friend I'm still mad about, his uniform all pressed and neat, not a hair on his head out of place – and I want nothing more to mess it all up; to touch him, to kiss him, something. I grab the hand he's holding my wrist with and dig my nails into it, trying to pry it off. He smirks and grabs me up in his arms, pressing his lips to mine and slowly, sensually starting to draw patterns into my back. Clark, perturbed at the disruption, eyes my lips. The douche has been holding himself back. Nanorimo. Anton was staring at me. I knew he meant Steve. I was stuck. Burn the meatloaf"? IT'S MATE ME (IF YOU MAY) SEQUEL TIME! It may have a spoiler to Mate Me, maybe, as the book proceeds, so if you have any intention to read Mate Me, you should do it before you jump to this one. This series is actually a part of a bigger project I'm working on, project called Men of Logia, on which you'll learn more in this story, I promise! Take it into consideration. And if you still don't understand by then, I'll gladly explain it again! And if I'm already talking about time - I can't promise either daily updates like I did in my other stories, or even regular updates, so pleases don't expect that of me. Enjoy it people and don't forget to leave a review! Then he opened his gold-flecked brown eyes that seemed like molten honey that melted many a woman, and gave me a grin full of dimples and sin. That, including his intelligence and the excellent job he was doing for me, made him of deep value to me. Because if I were to wear what I truly wanted, I would've attracted too much attention, and that wasn't acceptable. Now, at twenty-four, he had graduated that elite academy and became a private detective who specialized in unearthing unfindable pieces of information in both legal and illegal ways, through so many connections, I myself lost count of. he said with a grim smile. To find what he did required years of experience and tries, yet after a few years in the field and with little experience, he did it. he handed it over, and, almost greedily, I took it, and scanned the precious paper I held in my hands. . . Never knew there was a chance like that. Even the werewolves, who almost never gave humans more political power, especially territory-speaking, respected the so-called royal family and allowed its reign. Because both Reyna and Anya Morgan were in danger, and it was my responsibility to eliminate even the barest of threats. I paused, letting it sink, and added,  Because he studied exactly that in Dengen Academy. he said, standing up with anger. I'd already gone through this, and learned the hard way to, eventually, accept. I would keep your kin safe. . Staring at the red Jeep parked below the terrace and wondering what it be like to blot out painful memories forever. Why wear a gorgeous gown when she didn't have a date, anyway? They didn't even have the courage to act shy about asking her out. If she kept up with the charade, eventually they'd stop nagging her to get on with life. If she was a little girl, then he was a teenager, for crap's sake. Heck, Shields' teacher scowl alone should have produced that effect in the past, but she'd never paid close enough attention to notice. Geez, why couldn't they bring in a young teacher for that subject? The scars on my wrists are the very epitome of that apprehension, and it constantly boils beneath the smooth tissue like a festering virus that will, for all I know, eventually consume me. There's a whole other world lingering just beyond my grasp, and it's an intimate, conflicting obsession of mine that always seems to lurk on the furthest, darkest outskirts of my mind. (And my master's sole redeeming factor is the fact that she knows a lot of things about nothing – this was just coincidentally one of the rare circumstances where that worthless knowledge could be usefully applied to anything. If anything, if I had to pick anything to do with Greek mythology to help you Neanderthals understand better, the only way I can think of describing… me, really, is by telling you that I'd be most closely related to Euterpe, the muse of music. Rant. If only she could appreciate that the same way others do. Imagine that for a minute, would you, and then come back to me complaining about how much your desk job sucks and the pay blows and you work so much overtime for nothing. Oh yeah, you have it so bad, uh-huh. Not consciously or anything – it just… happens. I don't know if I had a chance to undergo that particular experience, the whole wandering thing – all I know is that my current master said she found me in a dumpster, beat up with my wrists slit. Gimme a break. A whole lot of nothing, that's what – and living on the street after having to deal with the smell of dumpster for the next week and a half just really wasn't all that appealing. In general, life was good. After all, Morgan even said herself – numerous times, as a matter of fact – that they needed a bigger house, that they had too much crap, but the sad fact of life was that they simply couldn't afford to move again, or afford the price of a ritzier house. Matter of fact, I still don't, and it drives me crazy every time I think about it. But that'll come later. He turned out to be a good guy in the end – practically the mom I, well… don't have, I guess. Thank freaking god she's not that much of a brat now, otherwise I would be having some serious words with her  – AKA Julian. I mean, I'd never seen eyes like that before in my life – er, not that I know of, anyways. Those eyes, though… They said more than enough. The rest of the world could kindly go fuck itself in her opinion, and only Julian, Potatoe, and this mystery friend of Morgan's had been spared from her German wrath. She's still got one hell of an attitude on her when she's having a bad day. Now, however… Now was the moment that I was to finally meet the Master of Bloodstar Manor. Of course it probably didn't help that when I first shook his hand, it happened to be as cold as ice; the way he'd held onto my hand afterwards, then slowly lifted it to his mouth for a kiss with a devilish smirk on his lips just might have had something to do with it, too, though. The world is littered with all sorts of supernatural creatures – people just don't know about them, and they're probably better off that way. I'm a muse; I'm allowed to be random. The actual mechanics of the whole thing are beyond me entirely but I just thought it was kind of a cool little tidbit to mention. He found her half-starved, going through withdrawals, and practically half-dead in the middle of winter in one of the stables, though – that ought to imply enough on its own that it is not a conversation topic to be touched upon. Julian home-schools her for the most part. That's all he's ever caused me, and all too quickly, I began to realize exactly what form this trouble was to come about in. He remained as promiscuous as they came throughout the years, with a sex-drive to which none could compare, and an infinite fount of lust that resided unchecked within him. To appoint it his own personal duty to harass me as much as possible… But that night wasn't just another one of his jokes where he'd creep the shit out of me and then laugh it off. At all. After all, I'd just moved in, I didn't know him… How was I supposed to know that the next time wouldn't be worse? I was able to find some solace in the new company, because even though Artemis could speak sufficient, if dodgy English by this time, she often remained cooped up in her room, dealing with unspoken issues – carefully camouflaged demons – of her own. Granted, there have been times when his grip on his vampyric nature has slipped a little, and I've been left with wounds both physical and emotional and an immensely sore body… But it's not always like that. In essence, as ugly as it sounds, he forces me to enjoy it. I can't tell anymore if I'm actually enjoying what's going on or if I still hate it, and Rori's just been pulling the same tricks with my head that he always has. I can't say how or what or why… All I know is that it's something about Rori. Anyways… Enjoy! Her idle gaze fell on the headlines from a nearby newspaper stand, the large, bold text reading, Major construction firm CEO found dead in parking lot. Today she grabbed his arm in an attempt to stop him, but he was too strong. Takeshi Ryuzaki, 27, the bold captions read. In the shot his eyes were narrowed, giving him an arrogant, self-entitled vibe. As soon as she entered past the golden, revolving doors, she stood admiring the grand, lavish interiors of the lobby; feeling out of place in her high school uniform while everyone walked past her in suits and dresses. Suzuki, his guest for the afternoon, gave his arm a friendly squeeze. The paparazzi became frequent companions after that. He couldn't wait for this day to be over. Not. ' everybody said even if they didn't care? This wasn't going so fabulously. Why was it that one couldn't have hot guy friends without everybody thinking it was something else? Guess what the craziest thing I could think of had been. Grumbling, I stood up from behind my safe hiding place and looked around the mall. Dogs to feed? Maybe I could just say he didn't count like I had done with my brother (because, really, Raoul didn't count); but I knew my family would ask my only witness if I had done it and Caroline was terrible at lying. I said, trying not to sound like a bath duck again. Cool. So there. I just hoped I never saw that poor dude again. Like I wouldn't know. I grumbled and walked up to the black-haired guy sitting in the food court with his little group of friends. Ha, behold my sarcasm. Really. I looked, trying to pinpoint whoever she had mentioned, but only managed to blush once I saw the black-haired guy coming toward me smiling –how cute was that? He smirked. Hold on right there –why was he looking so amused? I exclaimed –ok, I squeaked. Amusing. I blinked a couple of times at his cute, smiling face; he must have been around thirteen. Although I doubt you do. You know they make me happy. She screamed and swung her arms at her assailant to no avail. She felt a tear roll down her cheek and quickly tried to hide it. He hadn't even told her of his debt before he passed away from pneumonia the previous week. No known relatives left her completely on her own. The last thing she remembered was a fist coming straight for her face and then immense pain clouded her vision. She struggled to open her mouth, but her lips felt glued shut. She couldn't catch her breath against the pain and she blacked out again. Did the men not realize they hadn't killed her? She felt a tear slip down her cheek as she waited for the inevitable. He padded forward on his four legs and licked her cheek. She didn't make a sound, but a single tear rolled down her cheek. He knew the change would take over her body soon, so he tried to hurry as fast as he could back to his alpha's compound. She wasn't his mate, he knew that, but something in him demanded he see her. He was dying to see what she looked like under all that grime. She tried to speak, but her throat was too dry and she ended up coughing loudly. The male was positioned in front of it and there was no way she could make it passed him. She grabbed her head and started crying. She took a deep breath and then started speaking. She wanted to know why she didn't feel like herself. Leave me a review and let me know what you think so far! I apologize to my old reviewers for keeping you waiting a year to hear from me, I've been kind of struggling with juggling all my work that I couldn't find the time to sit down and write. I'm trying to start afresh and get some new revised chapters up, so hopefully I'll get the story going again and this time I won't go on an unexpectedly long hiatus. As far as I knew, my agenda was clear for the foreseeable future. People were making big accomplishments at my age and I was just lying here, wondering where the next day would find me. She had to get a job. And by a little more, I was talking $20,000 more. The cheerleaders, on the other hand, would doll themselves up, mascara, eyeliner, lipstick and all, and dangle themselves in front of said jocks in a desperate attempt for attention. Tacking on a fourth year seemed unnecessary to me. She had long legs and the visage of a supermodel, her strawberry blonde hair and amber eyes easily capturing a guy's attention. I was definitely a catch. -. If your teacher hated you on the first day, then you were pretty much screwed for the rest of the year. Well, here goes nothing. As far as I could tell from my few encounters with her, she was a good person at heart, which was probably why she was such good friends with Kathryn. Each rumor felt like another recycled rumor that was part of another recycled rumor which produced an endless chain of the same garbage that people still seemed to stomach with gratification. Regardless, I only half listened in. Unlike them, I wasn't prepared to openly flaunt myself in front of guys I'd laid eyes on seconds ago. It was almost intimidating, cocky even. It was hard to tell when I'd barely been within 5 feet of him. Well played, mystery guy. Dawn was nowhere to be found; she'd probably gotten bored with us and ran off to stalk the Three Musketeers. We'd been standing out in the parking lot for too long, the crowds on the front lawns were beginning to recede, and something told me we didn't have much time before the first period bell rung. Nowhere in my itinerary was there any mention of getting a boyfriend. Kathryn was persistent; as soon as she latched onto one idea, she wouldn't let it go until she saw it through. Okay…maybe that wasn't the best way of looking at it, but regardless I assured myself that this wasn't going to be as hard as it seemed. )www (dot) poisonousimpression (dot) blogs (dot) sapo (dot) ptCheck out Poisonous Impression for more information about the Writer, the Stories and the Characters. Probably lots of kids were at home already sleeping, since tomorrow was going to be their first day of school. Was it so hard to believe she could take care of herself? But now, with their school closed, they went to different schools, so Kalli and Luke couldn't see each other that often. Samantha knew Kalli since kindergarten and they have been best friends since. Unlike his Spanish family, Dave was the only one who was blond and with the exception of his mother, he was the only one with green eyes. His eyes were hazel, more to the brown side and his skin wasn't as tanned as Dave's. That would make him be good with Kerry again. He needed to let go of some steam after the fight he'd had with his girlfriend and that girl seemed to be good enough for this night. If Dave had any luck tonight, that girl would be available for him. It was just a matter of time until he found her when he wanted to start having some fun. As for Samantha, she sat in the opposite couch, where she could face Luke and Kalli. His bright brown hair still wore the same hairstyle, his brown eyes were looking at Kalli, like always, and he was wearing the same clothes Samantha had seen that afternoon. Not to hear her best friend sopping over her boyfriend's chest because they were going to different schools this year. Still, she didn't complain, Kalli was happy. But, only with nice ones that didn't seem like perverts. How could people drink that? Dancing, especially, was her way of letting go of some steam. She answered, as she turned towards the bar again. Samantha lifted her head immediately. He reached for his wallet and took the money. It seemed like they really just wanted nothing, but to have fun with women. It was embarrassing, really. Still, she never stayed with them for too long. Samantha hated when guys were like that. But it would also take a little for them to be ok, too. She preferred dancing alone. That place was fine for her to dance alone. She just wanted to enjoy the moment. It was the guy who had paid for her drinks. Besides, she would in no way dance with a friend of her brother. There was nothing wrong with that, right? Not all of the handsome guys that paid drinks were playboys… And this, seemed like one of them. Dave could touch the top of her head with his chin. But with a guy… It had too much meaning to dance with a guy. But the worst was that she was letting him take advantage of her! He'd probably let her go if she wanted to, but he didn't because he knew… she was enjoying all of it. Then, she tried to say between Dave's kiss,  She put her hands on his abdominal area, feeling his abs, to try and push him away from her. Since it was Samantha who had brought her and it was also Samantha who had to make sure she'd get back home. She had almost lost her mind with Dave's sudden kiss. But Dave was… so intense that it was impossible for her to say no the moment he asked her to dance with him. Anyways, You guys saw the Author's Note and for the ones who didn't read it, I'll try to put it on my homepage so that the ones who didn't read it earlier, can read it. I'm sure the authors that receive very few reviews understand me. Even sadder is that I am now seventeen years of age and still haven't found my cliché, yet everyone else has seemed to. It sounds straight out of a book; cute bookworm meets devastatingly handsome jock, chaos ensues, and then he confesses his love for her and ravishes her – in the library. He'll think me Venus incarnate and wish to ravish me while my mother is pulling a late shift at the hospital. Just the thought of touching him made me want to rinse my body in antibacterial gel. Mom hadn't been pleased at my cavorting around with technology. I'm not really sure why the affirmation of my sex was so irksome, but ever since I've taken to calling him Thaddeus instead of T.J. I was never really one for acronyms. I hate enigmas. Sometimes I think men are around to remind me that clichés only happen to women in books. Ew. I go there to mentally prioritize my cliché list – which cliché I'd rather have, what kind of stereotypical boy I would like, etc. I tell myself that I'm a patient girl, that I can wait, but it's very hard. I don't think I've ever been so excited about AP Biology before. Out of the corner of my eye I spot him: Marcus. How is he supposed to ravish a pair of dry, chapped lips? Then he would ravish me – at the party. Then…he would ravish me – in the hallway. We could have been married out of high school! You wouldn't either. I don't know how anyone does it. I just don't understand. Then he would ravish me – on stage. I could drop my books in the parking lot and some cute boy would help me pick them up. I rub the sore spot on my cranium. Jerk. Glancing up at the teacher whose back is turned at the moment I snatch the crumpled paper and unfold it as quietly as possible. I think at this point I could go for a skater boy even though they would think more about skateboarding than me. I think she takes drugs. He has a box of pizza sitting on the thick cement railing. I don't know why, but Thaddeus follows. Or maybe he was like that flesh-eating one – what was that called? It's rather…nice. Hope it was as amusing to read as it was for me to write. (I have now edited this chapter for the second time. They were stuck within their little village and no one knew for how long. Now the land around her house was a blanket of white, masking any signs of the small country track which lead down the hill and towards the high street. She may have lost her husband and was struggling to look after herself and her daughter on a teacher's wage, but she never let any of it get her down. It normally resulted in something good for the pair of them. She had already given Emma a list of everything they needed if Emma could get it, but she felt she had to go over it once more to make sure that she didn't forget. 'Just in case' she had said. Normally, there was a low white fence which ran around the perimeter of their land, however it had disappeared under the layer of snow. All of the fields were white and merged into one, every rooftop had a blanket of snow and small mounds of snow were the only evidence of cars in the village. Trekking down the hill took a lot longer then Emma was expecting, seeing as she lost her way a number of times and found herself heading in the direction of a open field instead of following the road which she was so used to walking down. The roads running through the village were easier to follow, as people had already made their way from their homes to the shop and so had dug pathways with their feet. Luckily when Emma entered the shop there wasn't too many people floating around inside and so she found she was able to grab a basket and start shopping without having to say 'excuse me' a couple of times to get to the products she wanted. Only last summer had the woman been talking about fairies being spotted in the woods, now wolves. Ms Bakes smiled brightly, showing off her teeth which looked too perfect to be real. Taking a deep breath, Emma changed the hand in which was she holding her basket before moving herself around Ms Bakes to stand the other side of her and grab a packet of eggs from the shelf. Her eyes moved to the floor as she waited for the reply of the elderly woman. She did her best to find alternatives to what her mother wanted and by the time she got to the till to pay, she kind of had everything on the list. She could see her house in the distance, and thankfully every time she looked down at her feet and then back up to the house, it seemed to inch closer. She took a number of large breaths before starting to walk towards her house and the animal. 'Danger' screamed within her mind, but she found herself unable to move from the spot she was now in. Her throat felt dry and closed up, as if her body didn't want her to make a sound. It's ribs were visible through it's fur, it's body appearing to be made up of skin and bones. It's eyes had narrowed as it looked up to the face of Emma before giving a low growl. She supposed it could have been a wolf, judging by how it looked and what she knew of the species, but something in her heart told her it wasn't. Rolling onto it's back the creature continued to whimper as it looked up at Emma. For a moment it appeared that the dog wasn't going to sniff her hand, but slowly it pulled it's muzzle forward and pressed it's cold nose onto her skin. The dog was quick to get off of it's back and stand as well, it's tail wagging ever so slightly as it looked up to Emma's face. After a few minutes in silence, she looked her mother straight in the eyes and spoke. Emma had never had a pet before and so she didn't know how well her mum was going to react to her wanting to keep a strange dog she had just found. The dog was in the house and that was all that mattered. It repeated the action when Emma held out her hand for it's other paw and this brought a smile to the girl's face. Going to dump the towel back in the laundry basket, Emma also hung her coat back up onto it's peg and kicked off her Wellington boots before walking back into the kitchen. She released a breath she hadn't realized she was holding and smiled brightly at the dog. At one point, Emma assumed that her mother had been asked if she wanted the dog taking off of her hands, as her reply had been 'No, my daughter will be looking after the dog from now on' and this brought a smile to Emma's face. At all times she kept her back to Emma before giving a great sigh and turning around. Laughter filled the room, from both Emma and her mother as the girl pushed the dog away. Eating dinner on the 7th day, Emma suddenly put down her knife and fork and stared over at her mother. And 7 days had passed without a single person coming to claim the dog as their own. If anything, it made her even happier that her mother liked the dog just as much as she did. Now that she knew he was male, she was limited to only the male names she had come up with. That was when the name came to her. It'd be fun. Uptight. I am uptight! Motivated. I'm not uptight and stuffy. It's after curfew. "It'll be fun. Are you doing a three-way with Jamie? In five minutes"? No way". Of course not. I was a strict abider by the curfew. It was entertaining. Another round of hollow laughter as their victim's knees buckled at the force, falling over on the ground when Madden had stopped holding him upright. It definitely wasn't the first time Madden had done this sort of thing before, but it might as well have been. This boy was no better than a stranger to him. Almost like Christmas. The whole thing just now was Jude's idea. The nicotine calmed him, and he allowed it to completely fill his lungs before exhaling. Madden eyed his friend warily, and then looked back to Jude who was now smirking a little bit. That was because the two were brothers, and this reminder sent another wave of guilt flowing through Madden's body. . . West's best friend – frowned. West closed his eyes again, turned his head to the sun's rays. He watched the boy in question cannon ball into the pool. Obviously, he and Iris had the latter relationship. Joe had rolled over and was now lying on his stomach, reading a book. As a result, West had yet to get on a bike, and he never took off his shirt in public. He surfaced, spluttering, then his eyes widened when he saw them dragging a struggling West to the pool. He glared at Devin and Iris, who were howling at the pool side. Pretty good accomplishment, in Joe's eyes. He demanded of his sister and her best friend. He ran it over his hair as he turned to look at the teen still sitting on the pool's edge. Joe raised a brow as he stood, pulled off the shorts and threw them backwards as well, leaving him in only his tanned skin and baggy swim shorts. He turned, picked up his shirt and shorts, shook them out and laid them carefully over the deck chair. He turned back to Devin, a smile curling the corner of his lips. He passed with just a quirk of his brow. But it will be boy on boy as the story gets further. Now that I've mowed the lawn it's time to work on washing the dishes, and then clean up my room and bathroom. Oh the cruelty of parents. You would think the little brother gets all the perks, but in this family it's the complete opposite. My sad fate is being  which she claims only I can be. Angel and I sleep in bunk beds, his being the bottom. That was ten years ago and yet he hasn't changed, the pranks only getting bigger and more humiliating. Wish  had it's perks. Good things should come my way, but I wonder for how long. After work he hangs out with his boneheaded friends and his I wont wear clothes my size girlfriend. I like those stores so lets not fuss about it. A few bands we do have in common are, Flyleaf, Evans Blue, Yellow Card, Tatu, Story of the Year and Tokio Hotel, whose lead singer and guitarist just so happen to be twins. But I would never rat on my brother, it's not my style. Not now or ever is it gonna be my business. End of discussion. Somethings obviously fishy. He always wants favors from me. I hate doing this kind of thing, don't they know I could have plenty going for me on a Friday night. . All he did was put in money for the damn car, which is a used old convertible. Not ever. It would probably end up being some stupid prank. Mom and dad are almost like they use to be. We just come back stronger. I definitely don't possess that kind of charm. One tough cookie. Does the talentless twin ever get a break? She's too touchy, and for me there's a thin line on where people can touch and she crosses that line any chance she can get. To them if we're not fighting there's a problem. We may have shared a womb, a bath when we were young and even once we shared a date to this dance but it will be a cold day in hell before we share germs. Even his voice is trying to mimic mine. . He should be cleaning the house anyway, his friends, his fault. When he's grounded then in a way so am I. It's torture for him to be home, I'm his entertainment. That plays in my favor. ha, I've won. ! It takes all my strength to knock him off me and then I'm on top, pulling his hair as he continues hitting me in the sides. Not from that moron. Eight minutes and this is what happends. When the water washes over me it immediately takes with it all my anger and puts me in a calm mood. I get under the shower head and unbraid my hair. Wish we had two bathrooms at this moment. I dry off, the hair going to need to be blow dried. They know we fight so they avoid having to hear it. One that's not such a self centered bone headed pain in the ass. . Oh, God. . she added bitchily. Bastards. Kill me now. he mumbled, standing up and following her into the shared living room of the hotel suite they were booked into. Dallas followed. Keeping her hand on his shoulder, she continued to push him out of her way, but just when she was starting to make progress, Dallas gripped the hand on his shoulder in his, framed her face with his other hand, took a step toward her, and kissed her. He watched her touch her lips briefly before looking up at him, confusion in her eyes. Groaning, he rolled back, nearly broke his neck untangling himself from his sheets, stumbled out of bed, and then staggered over to his door. They were bloodshot. Then, standing, he followed her to the door. He had his girl in his arms where she belonged and he was never going to let her go. So, think of this as simply an interaction piece between two characters; characters you can give a back story to, if you want. Hah! ! She was a jovial person, someone lovable, someone kind and sweet as well as friendly but she never stood out in a crowd and maybe that was the problem. For this sole reason alone, she chose this steakhouse to meet with her boss. Of course, one glass led to another and soon enough, she'd finished five whole glasses that were enough to fill her bladder. Hopefully, this time i could make the best work out of all. He considered slamming his beat-up, old Chevy into one of the snow-covered trees on the side of the slushy highway—he'd even decided he would—but that black fear of death rose up to beat him back. And damn, Tyne would have sworn in court that the door had been locked. Instructions for Tyne to head towards the interstate had issued from a deep, liquid voice—cool as the wind howling through the cracks in the doors and windows. He'd simply driven to the interstate like an idiot. No, Tyne's sanity couldn't take such experiences many more times, so he kept motionless and barely-breathing. He was in Tyne's car, uninvited. However, Ponnele wasn't the kind of man, despite his perfections, to put up with being blown off—if Tyne ever made it back alive. However, nothing in life was easy. Tyne prayed the cop would get his silent plea for help. He could do anything. Tyne rolled the window down and waited in the cold rush of air for his, hopefully, savior to arrive. This was ridiculous! Hell? Wouldn't stealing the car be enough? He walked around to the driver's side and jerked the door open. The entire right front corner of the sink was missing, and the graffiti covering the walls advertised for hookers, cheap dates, and whores—Tyne had never been quite sure how to tell the difference. What if there was something really wrong with the stranger? Let the bastard vomit out his internal organs. he panted as he caught himself on the counter. Even more than before, it bit at his exposed skin and whipped at his short, red hair. Just as he lifted his elbow to smash the window, the stranger staggered into view. Still, his body didn't look anywhere near that strong. Still, Tyne's frantic mind named this the best option. Did that bastard pass something to him in that short time? Tyne's arms gave up, unwilling to fight for him anymore. Just leave me alone. Not even his fingers would move upon his instructions. He felt his neck curve sideways as a strong force pressed against the side of his head. As if of its own accord, Tyne's body pressed into the warmth at his back and then surrendered to the stalking sleep. Madame Vallier, the housekeeper, met him in the entrance hall, informing him that there was a visitor in the parlour – an English visitor, she added with a slight frown. He held out a heavy envelope sealed with red wax. His eyes ran over the words twice more before he looked back at the messenger. he murmured. He needed the fresh spring air and the solitude to think. He was so like his father with the same stubborn chin and self-righteous tilt of his head. he told her. Damn it, the title was never meant for him! They'd probably think him a barbarian, he though bitterly, and his mother more so. Gently, she cupped his face in the palm of her hand. I'm only a B student in French, and it looks as if I won't be able to get my hands on a reliable Wyandot resource until after Christmas. Her breaths coming quickly, she raised her eyebrows. While they no doubt will spend their break at the beach or out shopping, Eden was going to be lucky to find time to eat, sleep, and shower in her week off. She could foresee late nights for her for the next week. You have work to do, Eden, she thought, and thinking about Dante isn't going to help you finish your assignments. She needed to get it done sooner rather than later, so that she'd have more time to work on everything else during the week. She only needed a few more sentences to wrap her arguments up, but everything that came to mind sounded too repetitive. She remembered the way those arms had held her, the way his hands had touched her softly and gently. Eden's heart just about skipped ten beats. She had discovered parts of the campus she hadn't known existed as a result. She had been unenthusiastic about the outing at first, not really being one to enjoy drinking and partying – or social situations, for that matter – but eventually decided that she did indeed deserve a night off from her studies. They had been intense, and she had been able to tell when she looked into them, that he had blocked out any and all distractions. When she asked what Madison was laughing about, Madison pounced. Teresa joined Eden in laughter, the two of them mocking Madison for her remark. As if sensing someone looking at him, he suddenly looked in her direction, but before he could notice her and make eye contact, Eden looked away. She had noticed that he was friendly with a lot of people at the bar and felt that if she had approached him, she would have only made a fool of herself. It also didn't stop him from asking her out, but she declined his offers. He barely knew her to be in love with her. Madison and Teresa had reassured her that going out with Dante was a good thing, and that they would be attending the party, too, so if she needed an escape route, she could count on them. She preferred the idea of there being a lot of people she could mingle with if things got awkward or she and Dante didn't click. What had meant to be a simple and innocent kiss had quickly turned into something more. Losing herself in her memories, she had completely forgotten about him sitting across from her. She was also afraid that being with him would make her not want to leave and she didn't know if she'd be able to handle living so far away from her family. After what felt like forever, she finally looked away and stared numbly at the table, hating herself for not having the guts to admit her feelings. Grabbing her bag, she pulled the strap over her head, and with the piece of paper still in her hand, she raced out of the library and in the direction Dante had gone. As she approached him quickly, she saw the lopsided grin on his face. Let me know what you think! Her brows furrow as she comes across Skyler and Ava making out on the couch, and she quickly goes on with her scrutiny, until her eyes come to rest on Rodeo. I reach out in the most casual manner I can muster and rest my hand on his thigh. She can go ogle someone else. She's so cheap. Slut. It looks fucking stupid. I fucking hate him sometimes. This, and other things. His back is to me and I pause in the doorway, frustration prickling over my skin. But I glance at her, pointedly, warningly, before retreating, walking out without so much as a single look back over my shoulder. . Has been for years. Might as well turn him on if that's all it takes. This party is just full of freaks. Christ. Does she ever shut up? I don't. Bastard. Quite predictably, I end up guiding them. Soft but intense, and it always gets me. Another spot which drives me crazy when he touches it and I bite my lower lip, determined not to give in too easily. Our eyes meet, and heat rises to my face at his expression. I say warningly. Three years. I start turning around again, and again he stops me, even faster than the last time. he asks in a softer tone. I hate how it makes me feel like I'm stupid and hopeless and ridiculous. I don't even know what to do with it. We watch each other heatedly and his pupils are so wide you can hardly see the green anymore. I melt. Did he not care? Ouch. I'll explain. the beginning. . Getting the glass off the sink I filled it and handed it to him. I actually fell in love with Ryder Samuels the next day. When he told me he wanted to do better and promised he'd never get drunk like that again, that he wanted to make his parents proud and one shining tear slid down his cheek, I was head over heels in love. In college, I focused on my music. Which is a bit wishy-washy, especially since he's irritatingly smart. Should be fun right? The kind that say fuck happy endings, screw preppy shit. So, mom got custody of me and dad got custody of my older brother Tory. I know some of you are probably thinking she got drunk and started doing this. Shane Lewis. She took a drink of her coffee. She would do that. With a loud thud. Safe. First period has not even started and here I am with dirt on my shirt. See, this makes no sense at all. This'll be good. Bad". You are so gay". the brushes. Sure, why not it's empty. I never liked him! Did. Or ever. As usual. And? Hm? Maybe Mrs. Bradshaw is one of my people". What's going on with me? Heh. Summer's coming no more homework—I can do it. ! I want to see the sexy"! He had built the neighborhood that the whole pack resided on and was the one that gave the neighborhood its name, La Cove. It all started a long time ago. Probably because I was always waiting for my own time to come—for the day when I could stare straight into my mate's eyes and let myself fall in love. Even now, after decades of marriage, they were like young lovers (Mentally and physically—since, immortals didn't really age. If your mate died, you would never be able to live the same way because half of your soul would be missing. Marriages and relationships were only temporary and could be broken if werewolves had discovered their mates. She might even be thinking about me too at the moment. She was the one who had the other half of my soul. Chapter titles are also removed. Search for Inside Out by evanfranciso there and start reading CHAPTER 17 - FULL MOON after you finished reading Chapter 36 here. I'd suggest the back button. for everything. horror in his entire life. They just couldn't be! . . . . how'd you guess? . Me? . Enjoy! And not just any assistant; one who was still in university. Nepotism was the reason for my newfound hell. Oh, yeah, my hate was definitely growing. He wasn't a bad looking kid: neat ginger hair, bright aqua eyes, light freckles, lithe build…but I still hated him. I wasn't too happy about the space being lessened because of some co-op student, but there was really nothing I could do. I had a feeling I'd be staying late again tonight. Jesus, there had to be a cup of sugar in this! He'd done that on purpose. This was not looking to be a good day. I suppressed a sigh; more work. He turned his head sharply, eyes narrowed. Why was everyone convinced I couldn't do my job on my own? I was ready to kill him and it wasn't even lunchtime…how was I going to survive the rest of his internship? The tension was thick between us; I could tell that I'd managed to make Taylor dislike me over the last few hours (a feat which I was rather proud of). Maybe her boyfriend. Besides, why the hell would I care about Taylor's school? But she came up with the stupidest nicknames. It was definitely gonna be another late night. The clock on the wall told me I had an hour until work started, meaning I'd fallen asleep here again. Maybe I could get one from Jack. I was always the first one here, so I knew I still had forty-five minutes until anyone else arrived. Finally, I crossed my arms and raised an eyebrow, aiming for nonchalant. After a minute, he cleared his throat. Having to deal with Taylor so early in the morning was giving me a headache. I hated to admit it…but I had actually been a bit scared. I just hoped that this time Taylor would refuse to share lunch with us. It tasted different, I swear. I felt they were just too clingy. I had to get this done tonight. Since I never played my CDs during the day, no one knew how much I actually loved music (except Jennifer). Guess it was time for supper. Maybe Chinese again…. Had Jennifer been here, I wouldn't have been able to shut him up. Setting aside the empty container, I fixed my gaze on Taylor who was eating at a much more moderate pace. He quickly finished off his food and came over, peering over my shoulder curiously. It was probably only a matter of time. She didn't mention anything for a very long time, but she finally cornered me in my office while Taylor was on a coffee break. Well, at least directed towards me. Plus she'd been over to my apartment a few times, so she had a lot of insight to my life. When no one was around, we tended to be (slightly) friendlier. I was an ass. It was my fault, I knew that, but I couldn't help but feel annoyed; he was my assistant and should have been doing his job, fight or not. Looked like he definitely wasn't coming. Wait, not only had he shown up, he'd still brought food? He grinned at me, hands sliding out from under my shirt. After a minute, he glanced up at me, eyebrows raised. So did that mean he…? And, well…I had been noticing him a lot more lately. Could he sense what I wanted, and had figured leading me on would be good revenge? He was doing this on purpose. Screwing with my mind or not, Taylor was throwing me way off balance. I stiffened, watching him. It was hard to remember that he was five years younger than me. Fingers trailed along my sensitive sides, pulling a gasp from mouth that was swallowed by his. I had never realized how huge my desk was; there was more than enough room for the both of us, and even Jennifer, if she were so inclined to threesomes with gay guys. He noticed my amazed stare, and grinned, nuzzling my neck. A silk tie was wrapped tightly around my wrists, slightly cutting off my circulation. I was still confused by the couple, but whatever. Jennifer grinned, walking over, eyebrows shooting up as her gaze slid over me. A lascivious wink was sent my way. After several minutes of sitting frozen, Taylor gave a nervous laugh. I ended up getting enough story alerts for both this story and Kristen's story to decide to continue them both. , xXBleedingPensXx, JWood, Sarcasm is the best thing, THEXXHOPELESSXXROMANTIC, This Soul Is Taken, mimimms, euphorictragedy, Yrspast4evrwonderingwanderer, Nicole, millie, JAANE, Limelight, kikki1, alicen, lukas10, and EliteOne for being so supportive and encouraging me to write this sequel! The fact, however, that it was the only possible way for me to be with Reed, the boy that I loved, dictated that my actions were truly the only logical thing to do in this situation. The cops would not be looking for a mismatched group of runaways in some small town that was surely not even on the map. I of course knew Kristen, and had had the bittersweet experience of encountering Hayven several instances, but I could just barely recall the names of the other two. Reed, however, always made a point to include me, turning to me and explaining whenever I didn't understand something or when an inside joke was mentioned as we ate. We seemed to almost have our own silent language, carrying on an intimate conversation of our own apart from the rest of the group without even saying a word. My parents had paid for everything, from my clothing to my food. A second later, I felt Reed lift himself up onto the branch behind me, his hands wrapping around my waist to steady me. For a moment I felt a dizzying sensation come over me, fear welling up inside of me before I felt Reed's hands go to my waist, pulling me back to him into his lap as he sat on the tree. Yet here he was, sacrificing all that he had spent years saving for, for me, for the chance for me to follow my dreams. Hayven groaned. Wrapping my hands around his arm, I held him back, my face almost as red as his with embarrassment. Then again, I supposed it would be rather difficult to hide something like that when these boys had no comprehension of the meaning of privacy. I loved my daddy. . But I do have a phobia of the Parkers. No reason stated. As my finger moved to the doorbell I was dreading that Lyle would open the door. The door slowly swung open after what seemed to be three eternities. He's probably taken with my overflowing charm, I tried to convince myself. I had no idea who the judge was, but whoever it was needed to be tested for astigmatism. For the same reason you do not poke a python between the eyes (unless you're Mowgli I guess). and none of them were doing any good to my heartbeat. Maybe my terrible memories of him were a tad exaggerated. It looked like a haven for wildlife, especially for the legendary type, of which 'Acromantula' sprang to mind. They were itchy and rubbed harshly against my skin. Not being able to see what Lyle was doing made me feel even more vulnerable. My eyes widened under the blindfold. Hooray for doormats, without which there would be no place to store the spare house key! He'll untie me! Leaving me a victim once again…was today 'Dash-Lea's-Hope Day' or something? I was finally released from this nightmare with Lyle. It matched the general atmosphere of the Parkers' house. I could not help smiling smugly to myself. I wondered why he was carrying something that dangerous when I remembered - This was Lylewe were talking about. Please let me know! . Just at that moment he heard heels clicking on the ground as someone ran to catch up with him. But she had changed it back to her natural colour when her boyfriend had said he liked it better like that. well in love. Sam knew who was walking towards them before looking; Jayden. Then the kiss went on and on and on. No girl attracted him like that. well she was still the same jolly girl. He could feel it. Especially in Sheering. After getting his own coffee, Sam made his way to Caden. Oh, well. A girl. And meeting the scary girl would probably make his life a little more fun. He needed a challenge in his life and this girl seemed like a good start. Hmm. This is just a prologue, which I thought the story needed in order to understand Sam's actions in the upcoming chapters. All of my old readers would know that Sam deserves it, right? ! Lexie smiled again, blue eyes sparkling. You should try it," he smirked. All revised chapters will bear a ~PW-Revised~ signal at the beginning of the chapter. We went to different schools, we had different groups of friends, and we were definitely from different levels of society. These two sides never cross. A small smirk debuted on my face as I drifted back to sleep. It felt more like a closet than a room. She was well versed in the art of beauty. Luckily, I did have two best friends Stacey and Melanie who represented the extent of my social circle. She was wearing a black belly shirt (a shirt that had grown too short on me) with a tiny piece of black cloth called a skirt in some amoral circles. I glared at her, making sure to send the message that tattle tales pay. She was definitely the cutest tenth grader at Westbrook High. and I looked like a sopping wet two year old. By the time she was done, I was sure that everything I needed was in there. We stayed silent as she hurriedly completed my face makeup. She even managed to insert the phrase into  years earlier. The bus stop was about three blocks away. She shook her head and gave me a sympathetic smile. I had planned to see people swimming around with high-tech laptops, looking filthy rich, but they looked like people at Westbrook with different clothes on. My heart stopped. she said kindly. Tessa's face lit up. Perhaps one day I would fit into them. Tessa's smile just grew larger. By the way, I'm poor? I didn't want people thinking I was unable to pay. I had arrived to the Patricks' hiding place. In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. Her gaze traces the type of his name, and she involuntarily sucks in a breath again. She is torn between not having regrets and…not having regrets. She is faithful and she is true but for fuck's sake she can't move her finger that extra millimeter (and gravity makes it so easy for her, too) to call a boy to say hi. But this is a role reversal she can't do, and she feels like the burden of thousands of years of fighting to be on the same plane as man tumbling around her ears. This was the story for a very long time. In the quiet late hours of the night, when her house is so still that the silence itself seems muffled, she sometimes imagines whispering to him about her childhood, their sleepy sentences making the vast space between them warm. It is not so much pride—let him show me how much he wants this—as cowardice. In the beginning nothing existed except for Ginnungagap, the great void. She hates him for the way he is so oblivious to the power he holds over his younger brother, and the thoughtlessly cruel things he will say or do to hurt him. Pen thinks she would have, but Boris is much stronger than anyone gives him credit for, and he had just wobbled on his feet and stared back at Connor with something a little like betrayal. She resents him for her feelings. Her fault that she'd gotten her period at Boris's house, that she'd sent Boris off to buy her Midol; her fault that she'd only then realized that she had no tampons or pads, and her fault that she'd had to ask Connor to get some from his parents' bedroom. Her mother had always wanted to see herself reflected in her daughter, and oh, if only her mother could see her now. –Fuck, you ungrateful piece of shit. He uncurled her half-clenched palm and pressed the tampon in it, then closed her fingers around the cylinder. I'm sorry I made you steal tampons from your dead mother. And then he left. So by so suddenly half-filling the chasm that exists between all human beings, between her and Connor, was ensuring that their eyes would every-so-often meet and acknowledge each other's irises and pupils when she went over to Boris's house. She knows that people react differently to grief, but she has heard stories about him for as long as she has known Boris, and she thinks that this is inherent. Pen, Pen, will you leap into the vast void that is and ever will be—will you be braver than your prince, will you threaten yourself with the unknown? There was no world then, only the white, yellow, blue, black, silver, and red mists floating in the air. The few times they were apart, exotic spices turned to sawdust in their mouths, and ancient palaces were only heaps of old stones. It made the gray day seem grayer. You want to run away, not this romantic obsession with exploring the fucking dimensions of the earth. They're not so stupid. Boris was absorbed by the shirtless dancing men, and was no help. It was a small petty victory, but a victory nonetheless, because he always finished arguments by abruptly saying something that reminded her he wasn't completely brain dead and emotionally retarded. When Holly Golightly sang it Pen had cried and cried, and as Connor whispered it she again thought of little lost girls and little lost boys, bright city lights. She will watch her life slowly melt out of the gaping hole. Oh god, run away with me, and I swear, I swear I will find you the edge of the earth. She imagines that perhaps that was what Marx had wished to achieve, with awful ramifications. She is struck again by his visual opposition to Boris, how his hair is so messy and his fingers so long. I was heading over to see Boris anyway. Fuck! She hears weakness in her tone and wants to strangle it. Snarls, -Just go back to your empty house and its empty bedrooms and stop pitying the fucked-up lost boy. You look like shit. I want you to know that because otherwise you won't stop looking at me like you're disappointed. - And life hasn't been over the rainbow for anyone. I made a bet with some jerk that I'd sleep with you. She feels that by hearing what she just heard, Pen has ceased to exist as Pen and all the things that stitch her patchwork self together come unraveled. But he doesn't stop talking, and she can still hear him through the ocean shells of her cupped palms. -Why are you telling me this? In slow motion, his eyes roll into the back of his head, and he falls onto the dusty floor. IV. It's a confused and guilty adoration. Her heart breaks a little when she sees this, too. I am Lazarus, come from the dead. I wish everybody had a dad like mine', and because she never got the chance to want to say that (because it was bad to lie). She is ashamed of her mother's weakness and she does not deserve her mother's unconditional love. Because he makes Boris a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch every single fucking day because it's the only thing he knows how to make. Guess. – Connor yelled up the stairs. –You don't like crusts, right? She wanted to kiss his pale, perfectly proportioned feet. –Yours, I mean. His face in the stainless steel surface of the saucepan glares back at him with a red frustration, too. He remembers to remember his mom. There are so many things to laugh at, like his bright red face and his flowered apron and the red spaghetti sauce inkblot that looks a little like two humping dogs on the fridge. He is grateful for her silence and the small smile she gives him when she asks him if he has lettuce. Fuck. And her compassion is merely compassion. Doesn't she have more responsibility than that? She lost respect for promises that day (even more so than the day her daddy packed his bags). Silently, she had cleaned and bandaged him, and silently he had watched her. Sometimes she cries, tears dripping off her nose, and she makes no noise and he does not comfort her. Godzilla fucking tosses him into the wall like a Raggedy Anne doll, yanks his boneless body back like a boomerang and gets a good four punches in Connor's face. He feels wetness trickle down his pants, and Connor is quite sure that he is going to die. Connor has soft white boy hands and the only scars on his face are from his razor. Only screamed a lot. If he actually had something in his stomach he would probably throw up. –If you keep this up you're going to have to lose weight. You're gonna feel better soon, I promise. On the other hand he ponders the animals he has not refrained from killing in his life. She moves it a little away, and says politely, -Okay, now you can spaz all you want. How do you think I'm doing? And she sounds more sorrowful than he has ever felt in his life. And he knows he's not schizophrenic because crazy people don't know they're crazy. He doesn't want to look down accidentally and see Godzilla's handwork. They sent me to my room to have a timeout. I stole it from him a couple years ago. That bastard's had it this whole time? I can get it back to you if you want. You've seen the state of his room. Never. He can feel his eyes still crinkling with mirth. I'm an invalid! –I'm not that nice to you. –I feel bad for pathetic people. -Because…I'd be very sorry if you went away. – He whispers, and then feels it as his whole body sags with weariness. She spreads a thick oily cream over a particularly large scrape, and he winces. In the beginning there was nothing but soft darkness, and Raven beat and beat with his wings until the darkness packed itself down into solid earth. My mom loves me so much and she is going to love me forever. She tells him that she thinks it must be very hard to live without faith in something, and he tells her that that's not what he said, because he believes in words and those are his gods. She thinks he is shaking as much as she is, and though she has never stared death in the face like he has she thinks that he is just as frightened, too. He swears and cusses and weeps and asks what his own truth is because he doesn't know anymore. VII. I can't believe she picked me. She hopes really hard that Connor is able to understand this, and a part of her already knows that he has. I made kind of a lot of allusions throughout the whole story so I don't have room to disclaim them all, but I'm pretty sure you'll be able to recognize them where I've made them and therefore know that they're not mine. :) Thank you. Bit of a long Christmas card, but there you have it. Even funnier is how I still expect Christmas to be a family holiday when, really, I should know by now that my family don't share that expectation and have never given me reason to think that they do. When I phoned my mother a week ago, it was merely to settle the details of my journey to Oxford. However, the fact that I understood this and kind of sympathised with the idea just made the whole thing seem even more depressing. She has an amazing knack of hearing only the things that fit into her neat, inoffensive universe. She treats me more like a son than my biological mother ever did, though that isn't really saying much. – again. It didn't seem ideal, but with two weeks left to the start of term and no accommodation I was getting desperate, so I decided to see the room. It's perpetually spotless. However, since I was never fussed over as a kid, the novelty hasn't worn off even after three months in the Sunders house. In that photo, he looks about seven, and very much like the typical English schoolboy: dark hair, dark eyes, pale skin, comely features. He had been posted in Afghanistan since July. Not quite the real thing, but will tide you over the worst moments of withdrawal. But I find it difficult to whip up the enthusiasm that Gwen seems to think would be appropriate. I've always had this innate inclination towards unrealistic daydreams. Once all this is out of the way, I venture downstairs to introduce myself to the returning soldier. I can almost feel the vibrations. Not quite as hot as in my pervy dreams, but certainly a handsome man. Unless my straightdar is severely malfunctioning, this guy wouldn't even bend over for the soap in prison. As in, their last name is Cousins. The funny part about it is that even though I've heard  and  being said a billion times in the past few days, no one seems to see why it's funny. In the past few days, I've been trying to introduce the terms majuscule-cousins and miniscule-cousins to tell them apart, but to no avail. Then hell broke out. I only have to survive dinner, and then I'm out. The club is described as  but in reality, it's as gay as it gets. With that thought, I decide to get another drink. Suddenly, I hear a voice and feel a pair of lips almost, almost touching my ear. Thus my eventual dropping-out. Well, either way, that was ages ago, so I'm surprised he even remembers me. Wraps his left arm around my waist, his hand resting over my bottom for a moment, before sneaking down the back pocket of my jeans. He drinks from his glass of beer, and as I follow it to his lips, I notice that he's blushing as well, he's flushed and glowing. During the moment of impact before I've started talking, when my open mouth is just softly brushing against the delicate lobe of his ear, he holds his breath. Maybe later, God willing. I just drop behind him to admire it all. A haphazard scarf and a Michelin man jacket. I can even imagine three camel-mounted magi braving the desert and its dangers to make it to a small Judean town in time to pay their respect to a newborn Jewish boy in a manger. His puffy jacket makes a deflated noise as I press the air out of it to get my arms around him. I'm embarrassed, and it makes me babble. He knows it. A soundless, beautiful laugh. I ask. He gets even closer to me, and I begin to regret suggesting we walk with an intensity that is almost overbearing. This is passion, desperation, pressure and submission all wrapped into one and it's delightful. I watch and swallow. He smiles back and shrugs, before taking me by the hand and dragging me towards his home. It casts a warm, soft glow over the room. Probably the moment I heard Jason conjugate facere like he was born to do it. Night of magic, indeed. Until now. I trail it with my tongue, noticing the different texture of the scar compared to the surrounding skin. I hook my fingers in the elastic band, look up to meet his lust-hazy eyes and half-parted lips, then I pull them down. He's all even, smooth features; every detail of his body, even the appendix scar, seem to pull together to create perfection. The heater hasn't warmed up yet. I wonder what he uses the matches for. It's a single bed, so both of us on our sides seem like the logical position. His hand find mine around him, guiding my motions, a steady up-and-down that I'm too far gone to manage on my own. He's shuddering in my arms; I feel his muscles clenching and I hear the occasional hitch of his breathing. My vision blacks out for a blissful moment, fuses burning in my head and soul, and I'm sure I'm making some sort of noise, but God knows what and who the hell cares anyway? I hold him again, but much gentler this time. He's as beautiful asleep as he is awake. His hard cock brushes against mine, and I let out a pleasured sigh. I have the time to think,  before he jolts my existence by sneaking a hand between our bodies, catching us both in a firm grip. Jason rests his forehead against mine, tenses for a moment, and things turn hotter, wetter and stickier still. His brown hair is all over the place, and he has that straight-out-of-bed look that I love. After a while, the bathroom is like a steam room, so he turns off the water and we step out. He has the whole studious look down to perfection. I can't even bring myself to smile about it, I just look at him helplessly as I'm propelling back to fully-fledged arousal. His flat is surprisingly functional, considering how it's both very small and overflowing with books. Ha-ha. I let it get to me, let it pull me in and stop me from doing anything useful at all. I feel Jason getting closer to me, and I realise too late that he's opening the front door and nearly fall out. Seeing a taxi driving down the street, I decide that if I'm ever going to get back to the Sunders in time for Christmas dinner, I'll bloody well better get it. There's a limit to how much information one wants to share with taxi drivers – even if my budding affaire with Jason makes me want to shout from the rooftops about how beautiful he is. I find Gwen in the kitchen, looking flushed and stressed as she stirs a myriad of pots and pans. Five past three, the doorbell rings. I hear the voice of the girl's mother telling her to , and I hear general pleasantries being exchanged. Well, he has the unruly hair and moustache like Einstein anyway. ! I internally contrast the image of him now with how he looked when he got out of bed this morning, his tousled hair and tired eyes. I've not told Gwen and Rupert that I'm gay yet, but on the other hand, I've not told them I'm straight either. Thankfully, the majority of the company are steadily working towards a state of being too tipsy to notice any innuendos from Jason or blushes from me. He's still eating leftover parsnips. Jason clearly recognises that something needs to be done, so he takes a step towards her. The bomb hits the ground, there is a moment of absolute silence, and then hell breaks out. Then he grabs my hand, the one pinching my nose, and takes it in both his. Heh. She's still giggling, and he's looking… Well, amused, in his own very dry sort of way. The trees are full of little twinkling lights, and the grass in the gardens is glistening with frost. Could be worse. My decision to come out of the closet. Just to clear things up, I would be the one that she's too ashamed of to love. But I suppose it was really hard on her, because this is the first guy--that I know of--that she's dated since dad left. with his son. Serious enough to give me one step-brother by the name of Jesse Quinton. Then again, he probably doesn't care. . she asks in exasperation and a touch of amusement. Not that I think it will help, but I still need an idea to break them up. I don't think there is anything I could have possibly done in my past life to deserve this. except not, because it's too creepy to think of Jerrica that way. Jeez, some awesome friends I used to have. That would certainly solve all of my problems. I was beginning to worry. I mentally berate myself for thinking that any part of this jerk is attractive. . that sounds pretty final, but I'm not about to give up yet. I may dislike my mother, but I dislike Jesse more, and he just insulted my family. Jeez. I knew I should have locked the door. This is my first story on fictionpress and I'd like to know if it's any good and whether or not I should keep writing it. just warning youbefore the story starts. ^. ), then New Year's Eve party all over again. ), and oh, wait for this classic one. Just… you know, intimidated), or how they could laugh and blow on the bloody annoying whistles like there's no tomorrow. The one who's clad in faded jeans and a white polo shirt, messy dark brown hair and really, really murky grey eyes? Remember the whole party-issue we talked about? What would people think if their precious daughter hated the celebrations and its jolliness? So sue me. That kid digs in his nose and licks the digging finger! Wait, what did he just say? I could see his chest rising and falling steadily underneath his clownish attire. Just… get his number. Okay. In a really nice way. I love that smell. So there goes his number. And since we already have the plan, we don't go against the plan, because, I mean, if we do, what's the point of planning the plan, right? I turned and gave him a quick smile. Same difference. Uhm. Only, you know, without the bloody happy ending. It's okay, you can tell him everything. . It's a win-win situation, right? Ashley, on the other hand, constantly pulls me along in between classes just to tell me how she realize she was wrong, that she truly loved that guy she dated that last time. Again. I think he looked better in his Santa outfit. I hear they usually come when you're really happy, or something. He looked like hangman. A crush. Love is a feeling, a feeling so overwhelming that all you want to do is just grasp onto it and never let go. I know for a fact that this one-shot isn't as good as my previous one (And that wasn't exactly great, either), but I spent so much time on it that it would be SUCH a waste if I just abandon it or put it in the recycle bin, you know? he told me. Axel chuckled. On his couch. The saleslady looked between us, confused. Guys sucked. Love. You should be allowed to read the stories you've followed (in the case of Of Money and Mouths, you might have been following it for upwards of two years, since I'm such a slowpoke). So…I'm removing my stories from FP. I'll also leave my FP profile in tact so y'all can message me, see my e-mail and website, and whatever else it is people do with FP profiles. Yes, I am that arrogant. He would pant so bad that I always wondered if he'd ever run out of air to breathe in. Friends come and go, anyway. ), the preppy phase, and towards the end of high school, the gothic phase. ) smeared Starbucks on some stupid Ice Queen's… uh, you know, that piece of cloth that covered her titties. I think I got suspended for a month for that one. It felt awful to watch her ageing so visibly more and more each day. ). Though sometimes I wonder if mine is a permanent condition. Post-Menstrual Syndrome. Too hard. ) parked nicely at the porch. He took it like a jerkface. I didn't need this. I couldn't care less. My Pant-er. Not working. I abhorred myself for feeling worried. I forced myself to stare into his eyes for one last time, telling myself that this would be the last time I looked at him that way. Our secret way to announce our arrival when we were six. We never spoke for forty-five minutes. Our favourite water bottle. No. . I had my hopes up, and my confidence level was pretty high on the board, too. A month. I looked up expectantly. My pants r alwez durte. Bet you wouldn't know where to get stamps if you were me. And it was slightly more yellowish than the others. I mis our hapi plays". I wish u were here, n we can poke all the sku bulis. Because he wasn't there, and I didn't see the fun in it anymore. We had fun, but my frens look at me like I was stupid when I told them 2 put the ice-cream on their face. I mis our hapi plays". I can't go out and play snow man like we always do when I was home. I hate here. Blow a candle and make 3 wishes! Would be better if her present was you. So much". Mum says there is no more hole. I want to run with you now". Does it mean I'm going to die? I wish you were here". But don't worry, I don't like them. So badly. I want to be the 1st one to give you"! And I just said… I said yes. Not when you're not here to cheer me on. Watched a movie that made me cry. They were so happy together. And it was a horrible process for the both of them, because they missed each other so much. They lived happily ever after. More than you can ever imagine. Cheating, lying bastards. Like hell. Every bloody part of you. So I could whisper those three forbidden words that made you run away from me way back when. When was the last time I posted something up? Only I don't know where the hell that guy's at now. So I didn't bother to elaborate much on it. :) Love you all! she gushes in a girly way that isn't very Summer. He seems more nervous than a game warrants, and she doesn't understand why until the crowd starts pointing upwards. midterm. Both of them have damp hair and she suddenly doesn't even want to enter the bathroom, let alone take a shower. she pleads. Shower schmower. Your perfect match is someone who is encouraging, friendly and genuine. :P Nick says. It's one of the starriest nights they've had all year and when she looks at it she misses California a little. She didn't go out with Nick too long. The schoolwork starts to pile up and she finds herself missing the earlier part of the year, but then it's winter and there's snow and God, she loves snow. It suits her mood. She should laugh at herself. They're together all summer, fishing and reading comic books and hunting for new indie bands on the Internet. But, God, it wasn't the way you wanted me to be. I needed and loved you so much and everyone kept telling us how cute we were together, and I just thought…I thought, it had to happen. I ask myself that too, all the time. What you were doing, really. You can't hide your feelings, Nick, not from me. I want to shrivel up and die at the thought of it. Where did I go wrong, I lost a friend. Why is the fact that someday there will be someone who matters more so important? Summer buys a lot of Kleenex and lets her sleep in her bed and Zach emails Tasha about how much frustration that is causing him. She starts dating around a little and writes her papers in the library when Zach visits. He leaves for Stanford and she stays in New York. He holds doors open for her like he always has, but it gives her a thrill when he does. Fictional characters never do what I want them to. She is an all around average girl. She works in a nursing home. He is extremely rich and is far from average. They still remain good friends. Needless to say my life wasn't so average anymore. Okay so here is how my life became not so average. I had graduated two weeks earlier from Bloomington High school and right now I was daydreaming about all the cute collage guys I would meet in a few months. I sat on the counter and swung my feet lazily back and forth listening to my mom talk. My parents had gotten so mad when they found it under a pile of clothes three years ago. I stripped out of my bikini and put on a pair of pink lacy boy short panties along with the matching pink lacy bra. I quickly threw my hair into a messy ponytail and quickly applied some light mascara and clear lip-gloss. Her mouth dropped when she saw what I was wearing. I grabbed my only pair of black heels and slipped them on my small, dainty feet. I quickly brushed some light pink blush on my cheeks and walked out of my room wobbling on my heels. She was running back and forth between the dining room and kitchen with various dishes. I had just finished brushing the imaginary lint off my clothes when my dad opened the door. She had platinum blonde hair that hung about her shoulders and she was wearing a white dress that reached the ground. He was wearing a pair of black dress pants as well and he had on a dark green shirt with a black tie. It was like he had a secret, and was proud of it. I wanted to heave a forkful of mashed potatoes at him just to see that smirk gone. Like they were spreading a rumor. I turned the lock to and looked into the mirror. I burst out into a fit of laughter, which gained me several questioning looks. I caught his eyes scanning my body and I turned away in disgust. He was apologizing for me when he had just practically given me away. If my parents no longer wanted me then I no longer considered them my parents. I stepped over his writhing figure and continued to pack. I raised my knee for another attack but he blocked it. I stopped when I heard my mom and dad Ann and Eric called my name. They said nothing, and neither did I as I turned and walked out of the door away from my life and into a completely new one that I had a feeling wouldn't be so average anymore. Don't forget to check out my other story! . It was just disturbing having to watch a group of surgeon cracking open a patient's body like a walnut. A cute elf with big bulbous blue eyes and always smiling even there's nothing to smile about. And for some reason, it was kind of gross. It did drive him nuts though but then he got used to it. And I'm okay with that. Like this morning, she gave me a big Teddy Bear hug before I go to school. Which I have to say, the grossest thing I've ever encountered in the history of germ box. I've seen enough. In fact, he is the number one contender for the world's biggest jackass in the history of jackasses. Sure, I may look sweet on the outside but so not on the inside. What do you think? So I like weird names. And she especially hated it when the big idiot was nice to her! He smiled impishly. she whispered in a haunted voice. The rock flew up in the air and hit a mailbox, making a loud  sound, and leaving a small dent. She scowled. She gave Caomhe a stern look. It should be noted that his voice was unusually high-pitched for a boy of his age. he said with a grin. Then he stared at the new plot, grabbed a nearby pillow, and screamed into it. And this made Garrett sigh, because Fiona was a darn speedy little girl (which was probably part of the reason she so strongly resembled a human twig). She moved a bit closer to him, her bright blue eyes locking with his shining black ones. She was trying to swing but she couldn't get herself up in the air no matter how hard she tried. He waited. He walked back around to his swing started swinging again. Plus the other snacks. I like my life. She had shitty taste". I'll be back around fourish. Adi fixed him with a death glare. Good. All right. I have some guidelines for you". Adi smirked in a smug way. Adi. Mine is absolutely shite. Just wanted to check. She smiled. Any more questions"? . Enjoy". Her friends had been her family, and her classes had been the only thing that she needed to concern herself with. It was going to take a while to get used to. Obviously, she'd just gotten in. It wasn't as though her room had been a pigsty, but nor had one empty glass ever been considered clutter. Her long curves taking in a bit of sunlight. Set upon a slight slope, it encompassed all of about 20 acres, with an inside and outside pool, a tennis court, expansive gardens, and even a small stable that housed around half a dozen horses. Settled into the northern garden, she was far enough away to have some privacy, and close enough to do her job without having to go out of the way. It was a romantic scene, one that took Silvia's breath away, despite the somewhat corny nature of it all. One of the best in the country, there she had felt encouraged to do anything she put her mind to. And putting aside all of her mournful thoughts of her old school and her friends, there was only one thing that could make her uneasy. Oh no, she could handle that type of thing, no sweat. She and the other girls had been able to go off campus on weekends it they so chose, and as a result she had gone on dates every once in a while, with one of the – as the girls referred to them – townies . She had more important things on her schedule. At the gate she punched in the code, turned east, and started running. She couldn't help but like the feel of the early morning air, there were even small wisps of mist on the ground between the trees. It was for this reason that Silvia found herself eager to get to school, in order to feel somewhat normal. Not bad, and it had served to work off the tension which had been building in her stomach. Now, Silvia simply made her request and went to the living room, falling down onto the couch with no grace whatsoever. Silvia looked at her as though she were her savior. She decided on some black leather close-toed heels that the jeans could be tucked around. After finishing, she nodded to herself. Once she made it to the garage, she clicked the unlock button on her keys, and looked up at the beep from a silver, two door car on the far side of the garage. Silvia blinked, and blinked again. As his hand caressed her breast beneath her shirt, she moaned. His eyebrows lowered back to natural height as he smirked at her. He stroked her up and down, and with another moan she arched into him. It was kind of flattering, actually. She reached forward and ran her hands over his chest and down his abs, his open shirt providing a window of golden-tanned skin and hard muscle. He leaned down, placing his lips at her ear. The girl gave beautiful blow jobs. She smiled slightly – little more than a curve of plump rosy lips – before turning back to getting food out of the lunch line. They glared heavily at Silvia, and she, not unaccustomed to the jealousies of girls, quirked an elegant blonde eyebrow at them before sitting down. She frowned. They were rich, almost a turquoise color. Blame Mother Nature. He didn't talk to anyone, not even to the girl next to him – who earned Silvia's pity through her obvious effort to snare his attention. Silvia couldn't help but notice the smirk that crossed over Slade's lips as he glanced at her, for only a moment. Oh yeah, sexy. He denied himself the chuckle that wanted to escape from his throat, and looked over at the blonde again. Guys from all over the cafeteria were looking at her, their looks somewhat less than innocent. She hadn't seemed to be at all aware of the suggestive way her tongue had worked over the plastic. Who gave a shit about what other people thought? It was in the way she stroked his leg with her heel clad foot. Finally, after perusing her body, he looked up at her. He liked the blonde for getting rid of her, at least. I had a tendency to drop things, or make a fool out of myself in the presence of beautiful people. All together I was pretty, but not up to Greek god's par. No, I didn't really, but I was close. I watched as the Greek god graciously received the coffee with a wink then turned back to a rather disappointed Sophie-Anne. It wasn't until I looked closer that I realised her partner in crime was Angelo. It doesn't matter anyway because I'm not supposed to look for shapes. I groan quietly but Mrs Humphrey shoots me a look anyway. I decide I should at least give it a shot, so I take a deep breath and start. Please. Later that night, when I tripped him over. Then he asked me why I hadn't dressed up and I rolled my eyes because that was corny and because it made me blush and I didn't want him to know that. I think it has something to do with his arrogant I'm-so-good-at-everything-especially-soccer attitude and the way he orders me around, expecting me to obey his every command. But lately, I'm not so sure. Just like it was his fault I got hurt at the Halloween party because he had the champagne bottle pointed at my head and standing less than five metres away when he decided to show us his silly party trick. Actually, I'm practically anorexic, but not really, if you know what I mean. Then there was Halloween last Friday night. I think he came up with the term when he was looking at cork under a microscope… Like the cork from the champagne bottle that hit me on the head that night and he took me to the kitchen to find ice even though I told him I was fine. And you wonder why I get pissed at him all the time. I couldn't believe I was still alive. I can't tell if this is a positive result or not but I'm starting to feel a bit claustrophobic because he's all up in my space and his breath is tickling my nose, but all I can do is glare at him because I'm still trying to hold the icepack to my bruised head. He smirked and whispered, even though the party was loud enough to hear on the other side of the world, 'don't answer it', quickly placing his large warm hand over my own small one before I could grab my phone. And I never wanted to stop, even when he had one hand on my bare thigh, pushing up my skirt and the other tangling itself in my hair. Oops. And he is probably going to get 100%, which will make me really angry. Her daughter replied. this is very sharp. Go and help Alice with the table. She cried out, happily. . I shall be in soon". Marianne told Alice as she said goodnight. ? Marianne was breathing hard, coughing frequently. She coughed again. Cha knew she shouldn't, but she had to listen. tetanus". She heard Alice sob slightly once this was said. . there is nothing we can do". . . "? "? ". promise me"! Cha sobbed, flinging her arms over her mother. ". . She whispered. NO"! MAMA, COME BACK"! She stroked her hair. Alice told her. He also looked very afraid. all we can do is wait". She was scared. Everyone just wanted it to end. A canon had been fired. ". He was struggling to say the words. ". . His cheeks were smeared with dirt. Why must I be brave"? Cha squealed. NO, PAPA"! you do not deserve this! . The man in the opposite chair, Vance, snapped his head towards her and growled. He sighed. Tiger slippers were cool for the house, but not so cool for going out in. Hah, he'd make her eat her words. His thoughts rushed as he waited, trying to come up with something. He smiled kindly. Seeing Zephyr's curious and wary look, he smiled in apology. Perhaps Ebony had some Amazon blood way back, or something. Not at all, not even a little bit. It had been a generation since the two peoples engaged in active combat; however, if old sentiments ran deep, then fears and prejudice filled bottomless caverns of mind and heart. The rae`lir leader's silver hair hung around his shoulders, loose from the elegant knot his companions used to restrain their own. The trade tongue sounded smooth and practiced from his lips. Since, Father sent him away because he'd conducted himself at such an inferior level, Ny couldn't bear to make it worse now by complaining. She'd petted his head whenever he felt lonely or sad, laughed with him when he finally mastered the intricate family form—a complex half-dance, half martial display—and cried for him when he blankly told her that he was being sent a whole world away. If I ever hear of you wallowing in failure, I will never permit you back into this house. The fresh image of Nyla crying and hanging on him before his departure tortured him. Yes. Ny was careful not to stare at the Arthrians for too long; he'd heard rumors, and the colorful sheaths over the natural daggers on their forepaws did nothing to comfort him. As quickly as their attention was caught, however, it was lost, and they were darting off. More than once, he'd passed an apparently uninterested Kelta only to find 'hair' poking, teasing, or gripping his wrist or ankles. Ny had felt the experience was worth it when the beautiful creature swept down to right him, dusted him off, and swooped over to brush soft lips over his forehead. At least he could communicate. He chewed on the inside of his mouth as he tried to imagine what his time on El would be like. His anxiety built up a murky image of a place where technology was banned, where the living was rigid, and companions were severe and stoic. 'No son of mine will surrender to such weak-minded idiocy! Growing and learning at a temple would finally give him opportunity to make his own judgments without Father looming over him. Show no weakness, he reminded. A wide, green belt held the pale-yellow robe closed with a knot over his right hip. Ny believed that, in general, rae`lire sported ebony or the deepest blue eyes, but this one was pale as ice and just as striking. MaybeNyhad just seen them around the ship but never taken true notice of them before, and so they seemed familiar but weren't really beyond passing glances. How much worse would intimidating strangers react? He pressed his elbows into his knees and then his chin into his palms. After all, between the two of them, this rae`lir had far more interesting eyes. he introduced himself. Naomi shoved the book into her desk draw. Margret was the perfect Stafford wife. Though sometimes, she wondered if sacrificing her never existing love life for work was really worth it. Even though his face still held the look of an older man, Naomi's attraction grew. She raised an eyebrow and adjusted her glasses on her nose. is he photoshoped? He towered over her by a couple of by a feet and a couple of inches and seeing those icy orbs up close and personal was slightly nerve racking. This gave her another reason to hate her life. She shook of the thought, not wanting her mind to wonder further into it. She was what older woman wanted to look like. In the back of her head, she hoped that  wouldn't be there tomorrow. Her eyes, plagued by lack of sleep, kept sliding shut every few seconds so that she swayed, asleep if only for a moment, before forcing them to open and pushing forward again. Her grip was the only thing keeping her upright. She was determined that at least one of them would make it to the Jesian Golden City in a healthy state. Although, she was relatively certain that he in particular hadn't even noticed her absence. She sighed loudly, proclaiming,  Her voice fell, and broke. Unfortunately, the doubling of her journey had also left her without food, water, or any other necessary provisions after the first few days. It was said that King David had had it built in that specific location – where it was surrounded on three sides by dense and nearly impenetrable forest – so that it would be a safe haven. Her curly brown hair had long ago fallen out of its elaborate style and was now only half-up, the rest of it falling in disarray around her shoulders. Knowing that there was no turning back now, she straightened her dress and used the sack to wipe her face, hoping that she could undo some of the damage. The world spun as she sat on the saddle, and with a tiny gasp, she dug her fingers into the elegant mane. And the gate had always been open. What had happened to her to grant her such a haggard appearance? After a few months of prodding, her father had simply given up on her, knowing that his daughter's will was impossible to break. Now she found herself questioning her sanity. I barely made it up… Her contemplative gaze fell on the guard. All the light had made her head pound horribly. An assortment of decorative swords and shields decorated room, accompanied by portraits of what she assumed to be the royal family. This had to be the Jesian princess. Knowing she had no other option, she nodded slowly. Judging by the boldness of his interruption, Brianna presumed that this young man was the prince. She didn't remember a Jesian royal ever once gracing the palace with as much as a letter. She couldn't. . Thank you! Let me know if I should continue. And believe it or not, I do find myself saying when I first meet someone, 'Hi, my name is Macario and I'm gay. Yeah, my life really does suck. If he doesn't beat me to it, that is. So that makes my life even more interesting when they're fighting. Kind of creepy if you ask me, but I digress. The waiting would kill me. (Ha ha, no pun intended) But then Kale would just tell Arsenio, and then he'd do the honors for him. I reached out and pulled open the door. Don't freakin' ask me where he got 'puppy' from, because I'm too damn afraid to ask. ? He had his tall 'fuck-me' boots on too…his favorites, according to Arsenio. God, that was worse then puppy. Pinning my arms above my head, Kale grinned down at me. They were supposed to be…loving. I let everything out and did my best to curl up in a ball away from him. Thank you! Harsh winds whipped his long, white hair into his ashen-skinned face as he soared urgently over small villages, searching for a statue that he was supposed to be at already. He cupped his hands, gathering a fire in them before blasting it at the Angel. Decadence assumed an advantage, but it was perhaps his biggest mistake of all; underestimating the power that God bestowed upon his Angels. the Angel whispered, wrapping himself around the other's body. Until some unwitting human set him loose on the world. That didn't mean I couldn't have a good night on my own. She stared at me, exasperated. I handed a shot glass to her and she rolled her eyes as she took it and downed it in one fluid motion. I said, smiling. It was true. I shrugged and she pounced, ripping the plastic wrap from the slice. Seriously. She got on to the elevator in the far right corner at the first floor and hit the  button, just to see how long it would take to get to the top. Erin swears to this day that the emergency stop button was responsible for her finding her true love. There were only so many men in the city willing to go out with a total bitch, after all. she said, tearing up a little. I hated when people stared at me – it freaked me out. I said, turning around so I could hail a cab. I could only imagine the terrible things that would probably happen to me if I did what they were asking. Like I said, I was committed to my future as a cat lady. I had butterflies in my stomach, though I wasn't entirely sure they weren't just a side effect of the tequila shots. She didn't, to my disappointment. I asked, looking at Erin. Seriously, who the fuck invented those things? I waved and turned back to focus on my mission, as ridiculous as it was. It was so stupid. I was still alone as the elevator started its climb. Gross. I smoothed the black shirt Erin and Whitney had chosen for me and took a deep breath as I watched the doors open, feeling slightly idiotic for falling into the fairy tale my best friends had created. I didn't want to have to explain to her why I looked so crestfallen. What if I got stuck on this elevator with this old woman? I get it. I was taking the stairs back down. Who I'd just so happened to run into head on. I snapped. It figured. I was such an idiot it almost hurt. I asked. And I liked looking at it. Maybe he'd already fallen head over heels for me and was going to ask me out any minute! Which I was obviously not. I hated her and her useless bits of information again. This was why I didn't have boyfriends, damn it! A total weirdo with no class or grace. I stood there for a second, staring, waiting for a chance to dash into the whirl of glass and people. Out of his own free will? My heart fluttered nervously as he watched me. I said. he said, tugging on my arm slightly. He looked down at our hands joined together and smiled over at me. They were not going to make this any more awkward than it was already. I said, motioning back to the hotel. he said, his eyes still on mine. Could it? I practically squealed, I know I did. It came out more like some kind of animal sound. Oh my God, talk about diarrhea of the mouth. he said, shrugging. This was what it was supposed to feel like. Was I actually kissing him? ) one. ) A woman in the article said there was this one elevator in the Macy's in New York City that was super popular in the Missed Connections page, and I thought it was the sweetest thing I'd ever heard. Let me know what you thought! Charlie is a girl. I mean that in the best possible way. No one really knew why the two did not like each other and no one knew that the dislike was not really even mutual anymore. So maybe it was fate that they were sharing a dorm room or the fact that even the headmaster admitted that Charlie just needed to get laid. He was in the top ten of their class, captain of various sports team and he was never without a date on a Friday night. He was perfectly content with that. Charlie was incredibly punctual; she would honestly be early for her death and wait for it to happen. He found her pulse point and began to suck hard, no doubt leaving a mark. She was bored already. Dalton smirked at her again. He never admitted defeat, especially when it came to Charlie Lyle. He pursed his lips together, trying to imagine his grandmother in a bikini or his best friend, Chase, in a pink tutu. The secretary looked like she was going to faint. She, like Charlie, was crazy in that way. Freshman year had been very lonely for her. However, Charlie never held it against her, finding Baja fun and sweet, talking to her when no one else would. Baja had a steady boyfriend, who coincidentally (and much to Charlie's annoyance) was Dalton's best friend, Chase Herron. Dalton participated in all these sports and excelled in all, but it was rugby that made him who he was. Yes, Charlie had done some sort of research in all of this. Charlie knew if she attended, he'd never let her live it down, so she watched it on the web or from her window. Opening the door, she was greeted by the blonde and buxom, not to mention flustered, Ms. Davies. Charlie and Dalton have a playful banter and Charlie has reasons for avoiding Dalton, unlike Belle's just plain dislike for Dean. She grumbled again and hung up. I pointed out to him. He stepped forward a little more. . Not to mention that she automatically slipped into speaking ghetto when she was pissed off. George was my brother Nile's best friend. My actions were more hurried as I reached the hotel information desk. The fact that she was letting loose her bitchiness made me feel a tad wary about the situation. The room was wallpapered in beige - with a hint of gold - and the furniture and decorations were mostly in subdued tones of brown and maroon. He looked contemplative as he came back and stepped onto the balcony. he murmured, still playing with it. ); however, it didn't sound like he was a player - although he hadn't ever had a steady girlfriend as far as I knew. Or, if he had, that he hadn't mentioned it. And especially not in front of two girls the guy happened to be with. Hell? However, now that she was facing us, I could see that the top two buttons of her receptionist uniform (a black skirt-suit with the hotel's name on the blazer's lapel) were unbuttoned, and the top of her turquoise bra was clearly visible. I hissed when we were on the sidewalk. Lori was such a hot-and-cold type of girl, I didn't understand why she didn't come with a warning label. (And clearly I've jumped straight from family friend to lustful female. I told him. I said with a smile. For two days, my parents and brother went to the strip of beach attached to the Tanners' hotel, while Lori and I decided to hit the stores. She shot me a hopeful glance. I finally said, drawing out the word. She grinned and stood up with her bags of souvenirs. Lori kept shooting me knowing expressions and wagging her eyebrows at me, and it didn't help that every other word out of Nile's mouth was about Julian. Christine, of all people, was sitting on the arm of his chair, pressing her chest into his shoulder as she leaned over to point out something on one of the pages. It may have been my wishful thinking, but his voice seemed softer as he said my name. It was one thing to act up around people her own age, but it was a whole other thing to do it in front of parents. I swore rapidly under my breath as I realized that my haggard look was directly related to jealousy over Julian. Her lips pursed. My throat itched, and the instinctive cough wracked my body painfully. she explained. Pale blue eyes were watching me warily, but I wasn't surprised. He treated me as if I were fragile, with one hand gently combing through my hair as the other held lightly onto my exposed waist. Horrified shouting woke us the next morning, and Julian and I rubbed our eyes in confusion before sitting up. And finally, the spaghetti straps of my tank-top had slid off my shoulder during the night and, with me sitting up clutching the sheets to my chest, it looked as if I was naked and in bed with an equally naked Julian. Away. I exclaimed. Then he grinned and punched Julian on the arm. Lame, I know. Before I could protest, he held up a hand. We spent the entire day playing, stopping only to eat and argue. No, not just because it would definitely put a strain on my brother's friendship with George, but because my heart would inevitably be broken at the end. Clearly my parents - and Julian's - agreed, because the first thing my mother had said when she saw us after she heard the news was  (Continuing on, she had muttered about children 'these days' playing that 'nonsensical' game of 'hard-to-get'. I was surprised - caution was the last thing Lori had on her mind. I didn't expect a response - she was probably too embarrassed over the mini heart-to-heart - so I wasn't disappointed when she grunted in response. Julian and my kangaroo trip had spontaneously become a group event when we were informed by a slightly-patronizing man at the information desk that no, we weren't going to see kangaroo's leaping around unless we wanted to drive a few hours out of the city. only to be cornered by our brothers. well, nothing really. Not that I would be able to do it, but Lori was at my side and we all know that she's capable of blowing up on anybody on my behalf. I plastered a smile on my face as she launched into her spiel about the creatures, feeling Julian's chest rumble with a laugh when Lori mentioned that their ears turned bright red when aroused. However, we had not bumped into them in our time there. he responded with a wink. Why was his every action suddenly making me feel fluttery? The woman was playing a flute, while one man played a violin and the other a clarinet. yes, he ended up shoving it into my head. he said sadly. I whispered to Julian. I was to leave before him. Instead, he forced me into a bikini he'd bought at the resort's gift shop and dragged me out to the beach. The next morning we were checking out of the hotel when Julian strode in from outside and grabbed me in a tight hug. Nile grumbled a little at the word 'privacy', but Lori merely snapped that she didn't care and only wanted sleep. I asked him. He opened his mouth, but I pressed a finger to his lips. (Let me know if anything made you think otherwise. ), and do any other lovely things you can come up with. . Uh…Hi Gareth, my name is Lucinda Reeves. and she is free. . Hayden; the monster who secretly hates them all. . . her revenge. I wholeheartedly love helpful critiques and corrections and am very thankful for those who have already provided such. . And then I see them in the bathrooms, crying and puking up the last of what is already nauseating cafeteria food; because word got around that they gained weight or that they didn't have a perfect body. Our drama club sucks ass, but the fake smiling masks and happy giddy girls that walk arm in arm are the masters of the deceiving world. . And even worse, that his own very friends were looking at his daughter like the piece of ass she was. And yet somehow he managed an act of God and passed his history test, letting every coach and fellow player sigh in relief. For the eighth time. Of the faculty sneaking around to the copy rooms in their attempt to re-code the cheat sheets; always wanting to have the best grades in their class in hopes a promotion was on the horizon. not the pathetic babble that could be heard in the air. it was that dark secret my own eyes would deciphered that would cast a replica below in a jumbled mess of graphite lines. My eyes slowly traced back down to my paper again and my hand resumed its work as it sketched new angles and lines. The teacher took advantage of the quick stop of chatter and stuttered his voice into existence. I watched those abnormally plumped glossy lips and those soundly blank eyes; all too like my gold fish back home, Sir Henry. He couldn't grasp the image of his mistress. Even if she drowned under the weight of it. Only those girls could thrive within the misery of another. new friends, I suppose, for his lonely world where no one ever seems to be alive. Then we don't have a problem. Should I keep going? Riley doubted it. Trevor was everything she had ever wanted and hoped to find in a man. She knew exactly what she was doing, exactly what was going to happen. Riley shivered as Trevor slid his lips up and down her neck, resting a bit, to suck on her weak spot in her neck, the only part on her body that he knew of that could make her go weak in the knees and forget everything: the pressure to be perfect, her horrible life at home, the hatred she felt for her parents. I was sick of not finding a romantic story of this sort, so I decided to make one for myself. he whispered, shaking her shoulder, which earned him a whistle-snore. The boy looked at her with suspicion and awe and she looked at him like she was about ready to burst into hystersics. Probably he was just hungry. He scowled a little deeper at that and Charlie must have thought he was scowling at her because she sighed a little sadly and turned away. Together. He couldn't look away. Chocolatey, warm, beautiful eyes. But Charlie was smiling at him and he had to smile back. Charlie tried to remember if Alex had always been this touchy-feely. Like the one between her and Mikey. She couldn't have him read books in his room or whatever it was he did in his free time on his birthday. But still! She and Alex shared a look and snickered. Loser had to pay for dinner. She stared at Alex's nice strong shoulders and cursed him for making her do this. she said. More touching! he mouthed. he asked Charlie's back as he held the door open for her. It was ridiculous how possessive he felt over her. Could he stop being such an idiot for like ten seconds? He wanted to run his hands through her hair and down her sides and press her up against the wall behind her and kiss her. He closed his eyes and scrunched up his face and sort of bared his teeth at her. she added smugly. He was hungry, too. He wondered if she was feeling the same thing he did: that this suddenly felt a lot like a date. He thought, I bet that's what she'd look like after being thoroughly kissed. This place was crawling with creeps. He narrowed his eyes at her and she just laughed some more. He didn't know what she meant, but her comment had him shuddering anyway, and Charlie - he glanced at her practically crying across from him, pounding the table in her mirth - was useless as ever. He swallowed hard. He really had to get out of there. Alex said, scratching his neck. She finally settled on some cheesecake and looked up at him for his approval. Now she was really going to die. he whispered heavily, and started dropping kisses along her jaw. He stroked her cheek tenderly with a thumb and she forgot what she wanted to say. Her stomach clenched. she said flatly. Maybe he'd finish that cheesecake after all. she said, dragging the plate back to her side. he said, putting a hand over his wildly beating heart, and he captured her laugh with his lips. . this was inspired by the fact that all my friends who start college earlier than me are leaving me to rot, abandoned all by my lonesome (but not really) and by my recent trip to knott's berry farm. By . Sorry. But I needed him to leave me alone. Why you ask? The god of attractive business men, perhaps. Half of the women that worked with us were falling all over themselves to get Derrick's attention. he said cheerfully, kissing my cheek as soon as I was within kissing distance. Naturally, since Derrick was neither family nor Jacob, he called me Mel. I glared at him. he asked jokingly. Why would I think any differently? Many, many years. Silly Lina. He just grinned all the while. But he still just nodded. The scariest part was probably the way the glare slid off her face in about two seconds, only to be replaced with a blindingly sunny smile. Especially with a coworker. He really was just too cute sometimes. I was torn between wanting to hit him upside the head and pitying him. I actually didn't at all, but the guy looked so pathetically sincere that I couldn't help letting the pity win. And not nearly as pissed as I had been five minutes before (pre adorably hopeful puppy look from Derrick). The food was good, the conversation was amusing, and I learned a bunch of random facts I would never need again. I saw Katie walking towards our table and made a sudden command decision. I didn't really know how long they were going to have their little chat, and I did have to pee, so I went into the stall. Jake asked lazily. Unexpected period here. He hung up as soon as he pulled into the parking lot, and I only had to wait another few minutes before the bathroom door opened and someone called my name. he informed me tightly. Having Jake around was much healthier. The fact that he felt sorry for my date wasn't exactly normal Jacob behavior. As soon as his mouth touched mine, I couldn't help wondering why I hadn't kissed him before. I'm rather fond of Jake and Lina, so you might see them again sometime. I only ever write what I'm inspired to write, so if I'm inspired to write this one, I will whether I publish it or not—reviews just help a lot, so I figured posting it would be a win-win. Let me know what you think! She sat the paper down and looked at the clock, sighing in irritation that her daughter was still not downstairs when she should already be leaving for school. Then, looking at the face of her watch again, she realized something: the time wasn't changing. she added with a friendly smile. he said simply. Once she had looked around the whole table, she finally looked down at her plate and saw garlic bread. It turned out to be quite the get-together. Rumors at Harlan were commonplace, and since she tried to avoid that aspect of high school, she mostly ignored them. Plenty of the kids in his circle had done that recreationally, and while she personally considered Brian's jaded little rich boy façade to be a bit tiring, it was still quite popular among her peers, and he was hardly the only one in their school to try to cultivate the image—he was just the only one to do it so well. Some people even forgot to the point that they discussed whatever girl Brian happened to be with at the time in Melissa's company. Sure, he was nice enough—if the hot, anti-ambitious uber-smart rich kid with a trust fund and a bunch of wasted potential was your type—and pretty much everything a girl her age seemed to be looking for in a boyfriend, especially in their circles. Melissa didn't know what was expected now. . It was Sunday, technically already Monday, Seth's first day of school. She continued to watch as took another puff of his cigarette and this time, instead of dropping it off to his side as he blew the smoke out the corner of his mouth, he just stared at the cigarette. she said. They both needed to go inside and go to sleep. Nothing like making yourself look like a geek, she thought. he said, turning back toward the house. Every time she thought about what  might be she thought of his hands on her, his body so close she could feel the heat through her night clothes, his breath on her neck. It always made her want to wring her hands. Her face flushed a little just thinking the word condom. He stood near her and touched her arm, and she acted like he had pulled out a condom and asked if she had a few minutes to spare. She was completely disgusted with them both, not only for being shallow and obnoxious, but for giving girls everywhere a bad name. It was completely ridiculous! He had a pencil behind his ear and he just looked so bored. she wondered. stereotypical. She was right in the middle, and she wouldn't have it any other way. Nicola and Aaron were a perfect match, and that was why they were best friends. They made everyone, male or female, insecure. They were just best friends and nothing more. unless she was fishing for gossip. It was just her hormones being naughty. Aaron was too distracted, and Nicola was at a loss for words. Groggily, she reached for her mobile and held it up against her ear. It made her feel at ease with herself. He turned around the moment he heard the familiar voice of his best friend, ran to her, and pulled her in for one tight hug. She just went with the flow, and she was satisfied with that. Dating musicians made a person feel like her or she was a kid again, like music and dancing could take all his or her fears and problems away, and that was how Nicola was feeling at the moment. She was feeling hot, and she got the feeling that it was because she wasn't going to like what Aaron was going to say next. Baby, I'm only taking my cue. That was probably why. I'm taking a stepAnd I'll do my bestI'll reach for HeavenI'm taking a stepAnd I'll do my bestFrom you, I ask reciprocationThat's my eternal damnation. With the intensity his deep blue eyes gave off, Nicola was forced to look away, and at that moment, she felt an ache. Tonight, he sang for Kylie in front of a crowd, and that courage made Nicola admire him, like him, and probably love him not as a best friend anymore. The four then headed over to the front and ordered their meals, and when all the orders had been plugged in, Nicola excused herself and went to the bathroom. Calming herself, she breathed out a sigh of relief before saying,  and then she ran to the ladies' room. Their high school's Golden Boy never blushed, and it only took a petty joke about his best friend to make him do so. The three needed more time to evaluate tonight's events. He handed them two-hundred bucks each before he placed his wallet on the table and started to chomp on his burger. If what Justin and Kylie said were really true, that Nicola liked him back, then maybe, just maybe, he could have a future with her. but why did they look so happy? She didn't know why though. It sent bolts of energy to the now–dancing butterflies in her stomach. Everything was happening too fast to the point that she couldn't keep up with him anymore. So tight that Nicola felt like she was his girlfriend? He was the only guy who had that kind of effect on her, and he didn't know that, and he needed to know that. He didn't really mean that…or did he? She told him how he felt. With the way he held her, it definitely seemed like it. He was grinning at her. :P Please do leave a review, and tell me what you guys think! His costumes had always been complementary to mine. He was dressed as Prince Philip, and he held out a plastic sword for me to drool over. Of course not. He went away with a slight frown which he quickly covered up with his signature smirk. Now that was one, tough choice. Some of the girls found it weird that she always sounded like she was out of breath, but all the guys found it hot, 'so seductive' as they would say. I could only laugh. Haley had accidentally told Adam, but I had long forgiven her for that. I enjoyed buying their colorful panties and make-up. I really thought I had finally escaped from Hewer's artistic incapability, but I was so, so wrong. Daring girl my best friend was. It took him a second or two to grow some balls and say the first word. . I might have looked silly doing it in a Lego costume, but Adam Hewer had known me for too long to not know that he should quickly come up with something good before I became completely impatient. I looked at him with wide eyes, as I held onto my glass tighter, afraid it would slip off my hand. I was gradually beginning to enjoy the tension he pressed on me by being so close to me. . . I only focused on how annoying and unoriginal he was. He looked away and told the crowd to 'scatter' before he rested his head against the side of my face and whispered. I liked him. A cough brought us back to reality. When I finally turned sober and settled down, which took at least half a minute, I planted a soft kiss on his lips before I got the gift from him. . ! Check the news. His voice can boom louder than mine. Holy mother of fucking shit! Please give as much constructive criticism or praise as you want, It's greatly appreciated. This fic will contain gay content for those of you not into it, that was a fair warning! As I shampoo and rinse my dark hair, I can't stop thinking about it. The air is steamy and helps to calm my mind. Walking back into my room I catch a glimpse of the clock. The cotton of the dark blue t-shirt is soft against my skin, then grabbing out a pair of black jeans I quickly pull them on and walk from my room down the hallway, grabbing my glasses before I leave. With my dad at work in the mornings and mom at the hospital its been quiet. The doctors fear that she might have to go into surgery within the next month or so and I have a lingering feeling that they're right. I turn around and tred out towards the side walk and towards the bus stop. The bus lurches to a stop, I get off and thank the driver on my way out. Again! Kayle is a truly nice person, although moody at times. And maybe, if I had been paying more attention, I would have noticed a certain brunette watching the entire, brief exchange. The only signs of life are the sounds of songbirds chirping near the top branches of the tall maple trees. My scalp scrapped along the wall as he pushed me up by the collar of my sweater. I shut my eyes tight and held my breath, knowing what was to come. I pulled away my shirt and looked down my collar to look at my pale skin. " He fumed at me, clearly expecting an answer. This morning feels like a million years ago. I cant help but think that he looks like a lost puppy. soul mate? My only friends in the entire school were Tom and Kayle and I know that its his fault. That leaves three people left. Looks like I'm going to be paying Tom a visit. I can tell by how he hunches over the table that somethings wrong, despite the joking attitude he had a few moments ago. No more Matt, I'll deal with that later. I'll talk the doctor when I visit her later. Continuous cold and damp. "No. It would be a shame to quit now. Does that mean nothing"? Anyways, I hope you like! ! Now, after a good meal and a shower, I was on the prowl. Though the night was still young, the selection of bedmates was good. As he made his way through the writhing mass of people, I felt my phone vibrating in my pocket. It was Madeline. I had better things to do with my mouth than chew the flab with my gossip-loving friend. I love it. I wanted to be in his pants, the sooner the better. The musky scent of skin and sweat was like a drug to me, and I had been addicted to it from the moment I had lost my virginity. Screams. I sighed and resigned myself to my fate. I wouldn't have said anything, but they were blocking the entrance. I mean I wasn't ugly but I didn't exactly make it my mission in life to find the perfect makeup for my skin tone. Man it was way too early for this. The trio walked away mumbling about how they were going to talk to the counselor and get in somehow. Okay so maybe he was incredibly gorgeous but really I wasn't Catherine a cute guy wasn't going to take points off my IQ. Oh god he thinks I'm crazy. I blushed furiously. I didn't want any unnecessary touching as that could only make things worse. I felt her stiffen and knew that she had seen him. I sat in the seat directly in front of him. And the bell rang soon after. Class passed all too quickly and it was time to leave. We were walking to the busses(I was a senior so it was quite sad. My dad had threatened my life if I lost another one. I could barely see through the crack but it was enough to know that he wasn't alone. I frowned and shook my head. He was breaking up with her? She touched his cheek and he instantly grabbed her hand and pushed her away glaring. I'm going to buy a chain and attach it to myself at all times. She grabbed her coat and stormed out. XD As it is my first story please be nice. and me. However, hitting the corner squarely, a searing pain flared up to my shoulder, and I screamed, even as Will was jerked away. A big, fat hairball of happiness. Having been born and raised in a place where invisible tumbleweeds rolled by, the semi-famous, underage punk rocker grew big in the stardom department. He didn't seem to care much for it either, which just didn't seem to fit the picture for me, but I suppose that was partly due to the fact that he had had in his possession a very fine-looking specimen of a girlfriend for quite a record time. By that time, it was made clear to my parents that believing in sugar-coated mythological beings were not going to disappear as time passed. That is, for the time being. Each song played at least eleven times, if not more. Jobless from being a stay at home mother, peniless, and caring for two young daughters, she kicked my father out of the house, the only thing that we had, and signed the one disvowing contract in her life that she had ever felt so contradicted to sign. No questions asked. She knew something no one around her would ever truly understand. For more information about this story, or if you find this story—or its likeness—posted or published anywhere not under my name, please contact me directly. Well, except that Mom dragged me to the study and droned on and on about redecorating plans for the dining room. The long, deserted county roads were plenty dark and plenty pot-holed but my mind was only on getting home. The engine rumbled, shook the car, then died. Daddy, in an effort at continuing to protect me when I decided to move out of his house, forced me to program the sheriff's office in my phone. A tear escaped my eye as I knelt near the front tire, keeping a safe distance from her hooves. It was a hard truth but one I'd face plenty of times before. The doe did, too, as fear chased all shock and pain from her big brown eyes. Maybe both. I was torn between wanting to protect her even though her life was nearly over and wanting to protect myself. It was a long, thin tail – like that of a cat. What would a large cat like that be doing prowling the woods of Central Indiana? The cat continued forward, lifting its nose in the air, whiskers quivering. The cat glanced over its shoulder, leapt off the car and charged into the trees. I sprang to life, afraid it might return and launch its great body at David. He looked at my face and something in my eyes must have alarmed him. He glanced uneasily at the tree line then back at the deer. He flipped a u-turn and headed toward town, barking orders on his radio. I shut the door and locked both locks. I was desperate to keep from becoming my mother who constantly redecorating and refurbishing her grand home. Although I loved the little guy with all my heart, I was a little off cats at the moment. I stripped and hopped under the spray, turning my face to the water, and groaned as the fear and tension seeped out of my body. I padded to my room and dressed in shorts and a t-shirt before climbing in the sheets. ' So, I'm posting it and hopefully it will spur my creative juices and I'll finish it then be inspired for something new. The letters above the door gleamed in threatening green neon. I couldn't turn back. . Piercings everywhere. just a little scary. Then his stutter. Ever again. Long and lean with a muscular torso shaped like a 'V. His nose was slightly crooked, probably from one too many fights, and his lips were soft and full, pierced only once through the bottom. I knew she was as awestruck as I was. Low and sexy and brooding. . and I couldn't decide whether it was because of the piercing, or Nick. There was a ring pierced straight through the woman's clitoris. Instantly, it caught my eye. and I knew the time had come. It was torturing me. His eyes were glued to the area between my legs, and not in a way that seemed professional at all. I'd be damned if I didn't see it through. PHONE. fuck! nothing. and that was hard to ignore. something stronger. Utterly, face-meltingly mortifying. attractive. and I wished he'd been saying those words under different circumstances. . and I wasn't sure if that intimidated or aroused me. it had been all about his own needs. . My conscience screamed. . just a slow, gentle exhale-and I was wrecked. A soft groan sounded from him, vibrating through his hands and into my body. . and he tasted me. . How could it possibly feel this good? . in just a few minutes? and then repeated in waves. I could probably fry an egg on my cheek. but he stood up, lifting his t-shirt and reaching for the fasten of his pants. I was sure of that. He sucked my bottom lip like a melting popsicle, his tongue skilled in more ways than one, and then moved to my top lip soon after. . God. he murmured, voice finally betraying the desperation within. . I could feel it everywhere, marking the territory where he'd been. . . . and then he was dropping his jeans. enormous, in fact. Nevertheless, I took it greedily in hand and rode out the waves of my orgasm with Nick as my guide. forever. Really hard. and then my eyes snapped wide. This had to've been one of the most outlandish things I'd ever done. Making love! And his next comment just confirmed it. now I just felt wonderful about myself. When I finally met his eyes, they bore the same guilt as I did in mine. and new sway to my hips. and I was caught off guard, my face still a brilliant shade of scarlet. . These works are fictional, and any similarities that occur are purely coincidental. My appearance was usually a top priority; I hated wearing large bulky winter jackets which made me look fat. Once I did this, she had dragged me across the city — on foot — and here we were, walking down an alley, freezing our butts off. Maybe a car ride; cut a few laps around, but no, not a damned walk at 2 something in the morning while I get my ass turned into a popsicle. Tiff seemed to think this whole trip was a surprise and when we reached the , I'd be jumping for joy. Besides, none of my friends would want to skidoo at this time, nor would I be allowed to. and that hadn't gone over too well with them. I ended up slapping Britt, she slapped me back, a cat fight ensued, and then she told me to go slit my wrists because no one cared if I lived or not. I believed then and there that suicide was an incredibly selfish thing to do, especially to the people who loved you. But that couldn't have been right. She had her hair done up nicely; slightly complicated, leaving some stray hairs down to give her a slight  look. I hadn't heard of her being at home for at least two months. He had once held a door open for me at a convenience store — now that small gesture was rare in this city, so it made a good impression. A lot of people said differently, but I assumed they were just saying that because I always talked about it and never shut up. . Her grin never left as she swept some spare snow away from the imprint that the sign had left. A door on the ground; like a trapdoor. Where the hell was she taking me? A comfortable warm. I stood there, waiting for my eyes to adjust, but it seemed like they never would. I suddenly felt so young at seventeen — and I wasn't exactly the right age to be in a nightclub. He looked around the age of twenty-five, but I believed he could have been older since he seemed so much more mature, like a middle-aged man. No wonder I hardly saw her anymore. Tiff stopped, making me bump into her shoulder, and she turned to face Al,  she trailed off, and both Al and I got the hint. I had never heard the song that was playing before; it was a unique tune with a great beat to dance to. They were such a light blue they looked white, yet they were so sharp and intense; the way he looked at me made shivers run up my spine. Maybe this night would be better than I thought. I felt out of place. If this guy had a girlfriend, my face would be on the ground. Deciding he was gone forever, I sighed and continued to dance, my spirits once again dampening. Perhaps it was just the lighting which had altered his eye color? I tried to think of some alcoholic beverage with a fancy name. I blinked up at him, slightly suspicious of why he had wanted to tend to me. I couldn't see him anywhere. I looked up at him and he must have seen the distrust in my eyes for he quickly and suavely stated,  here, he chortled as if I was being silly. what the hell did I have to lose? And if Elias and Sisk were friends, then Sisk couldn't have been such a bad guy, right? Perhaps it was what made the drink , or unique? I felt the alcohol burn as it went down, but it was such a pleasant feeling. He walked off to someone else and began flirting with them before asking them what they'd like. I snorted and pushed my glass away from me, the alcoholic beverage held inside slightly spilling over the polished black counter top of the bar. Perhaps it was the lighting. Elias' shift had ended, also, but neither of us knew where he was and Sisk didn't seem too interested in finding him. I had no idea they were originally strong as hell, but then he had added more upon my request? I just wanted to pass out already. he said slowly, so I could understand him. How he held me, how he smelled like apples, how he gently yet demandingly moved me. I felt Sisk grab me by the waist in an attempt to haul me up again, but I shoved him off of me and curled up on the couch, suddenly scared. You want to rape me, I thought, but decided not to say it out loud in case he got angrier. I flipped her off, then continued trying to blend in with the people. He hadn't seen me; he was busy concentrating on yelling at a boy in the crowd, whose face was beat red with either anger or humiliation. I pressed closer; closer; closer, until he gasped out and stepped back. I glanced around, looking for any sight of Sisk, but it appeared that he was gone. Whatever had passed through his mind then was not a good thing; certainly not something I'd like to know about. Anyways, please review? A misfit and a tramp of the social world, without respectable education or appeal. If the event was declared a success, that lucky and arguably damned artist became famous overnight. I, for one, knew that the image would remain indelible in my mind. I trailed off, snatching a glass and depositing my empty one. One walking and breathing. Hence, I was the true freak. The tears on her face didn't detract from her classic blond beauty; the rage on his face only enhanced his alternative good looks. Me. Too bad no one wanted my opinion. It was so…meh. Instead, I calmly smoked my cigarette, staring at his shapely shoulders as he turned to lean against the railing. Though in truth, it was more of a pained exhalation of air than expression of humor. I was a page in their bachelor logs, while she was their future wife and mother of their children. I said softly. It would be this morning again, and I'd arrive at work to find Alexis—the usual girl for this type of assignment—smiling and well at her desk, instead of a message telling me she's down with the flu. I murmured. Actually, I don't really care. Mandie came in a few minutes later, then started crying when she saw I was crying. But as we got older, I started hanging out more and more with Mandie. Then it was like I didn't exist. Most of the time he wouldn't even look at them. Well, I always thought it was kind of funny. Well, that option also consisted of Evan. I was moving in with Mandie. I had brought the rest of my things over the week before. I knew she wanted to give me privacy to say good-bye, something I had been doing for the last week. A few more minutes of hugging, and then mom was gone. I turned around , an instant glare on my face. He mocked. Which meant they were no longer my neighbors. And Kaitlin, who was the same age as Trent and Mandie's step-sister , was going to college a couple of days away. He said he would just stay in Kaitlin's when they came home. And look now, two years later, hundreds of miles away from each other, and they were still going strong. Evan had left the walls a black color, with old posters he didn't want still on it. I shook my head slightly, a small smile on my lips. I told her. ". . into things a lot deeper". He felt just as strongly as any other man. something. Ashton really didn't care what they thought. Or if he was honest with himself, fearful of the one man who could make the entire world come crashing down around Ashton's shoulders. He had to know that Ashton was in love with him. As such, the Chastonian court had been skeptical of Ashton's abilities, but his brilliance accompanied by his quietly competent nature had quickly put even his most vocal opponents at ease. Ashton never knew why, but Master Ligon believed in Ashton's skill, and Ashton tried his hardest to live up to the Court Mage's expectations. Watched and admired him. His dark chestnut hair, shorn to his ears, complemented the bright, sparkling green of his eyes. Truly. Although Ashton was fairly certain that his powers didn't scare Prince Rhonan as it did quite a few other Chastonians, so that if Ashton ever mounted the courage to speak with Prince Rhonan, the Mage-Apprentice wouldn't worry that the Prince would flee on the spot. Or boys, as in Ashton's case. No matter what Ashton did there was always some potion or powder staining his purple robes, some fly-away strand of honey-blond hair leaking from his mage-braid. Although the ruling decisions of the Kingdom ultimately fell to King Adiran, it was in the counsel-hall, while listening to the opinions of his advisors, that the King's decisions were frequently determined. Very few Chastonians outside of the Chastonian counsel knew the true weakened state of the army; so as the Crowned Princess had asked: how had the Stithiz known to attack the Chastonians at such an inopportune moment? Surely not Prince Rhonan, at least Ashton hoped not. Besides, there was no way that the Prince could be interested in those of the male sex. Master Ligon was silent, idly stroking the green orb-ring on his right ring finger. Finally, those eyes flashed decisively: the Prince had made his decision. Ashton gulped. Ashton, of course, was not allowed to participate. Or any less terrified. No, Ashton need not worry about Master Ligon's safety. Would he return whole? And now, Ashton hoped those spells would protect his Prince. Instead, the man escorted Ashton into the Prince's sitting room and bade him wait for the Prince. Suddenly Ashton felt a bit overwhelmed. It was just Rhonan tonight, clothed in a simple brown tunic, just the man who haunted Ashton's dreams in bright flashes of tenderness and love. General Hammen, Duke Tremaine, Master Ligon, and Prince Rhonan would head to the western borders. Master Ligon knew when to ask questions and when not to. Much to Ashton's relief, he never heard Master Ligon or Prince Rhonan's names called. Soon the war would end, and soon his Master and his Prince would return. General Hammen and Duke Tremaine were left the task of disarming the defeated Stithiz army. Although the healers managed to clean up the sword-wound, the Prince lapsed into shorter and shorter bouts of consciousness until Prince Rhonan remained motionless, unwaking, and his body began to decline. And Prince Rhonan was shivering something fierce, although it was a warm summer day, and he was nested in many layers of blanket. With that much dark magic assaulting his senses, it was a miracle that Prince Rhonan was still alive. In the matter of a few days, Prince Rhonan would surely die. Just kept searching through those spells, book after book, scroll after scroll. To do so would end both his own and Prince Rhonan's lives. It was decided then: Ashton would do the spell. Those rights should include admittance into Prince Rhonan's chamber if Ashton believed that the Prince was afflicted by a magical disease. While Ashton and the Head Healer argued semantics, every precious moment sped his beloved Prince Rhonan closer to death. And it didn't help that in Ashton's new position as Royal Court Mage he was untried. And if the Head Healer would not listen to reason, then Ashton would force him to listen. Of course the Head Healer didn't know that. If it wasn't for the chestnut-colored hair that fanned about Prince Rhonan's head like a halo, Ashton wasn't sure if he'd be able to recognize his beloved Prince. Scooping some of the paste onto his finger, Ashton carefully spread the paste—a mixture of wraith's root, chanon lily petals, hiyit powder, and frog's weed—onto Prince Rhonan's dry, swollen tongue. He was meticulous, cautious, knowing full well that even one pause, one mismangled word would end his Prince's life as well as his own. Just kept chanting. Ashton knew that eternal happiness would be his if Prince Rhonan would just once more smile upon Ashton's face. Hours. The orb-ring must have created this place; it was the only thing keeping Prince Rhonan spirit from fleeing his body. They were dull, tired almost. His Prince Rhonan. There was the only way out of the thought-plane, Ashton knew instinctively, and it was by plunging into the endless abyss. Prince Rhonan sighed dejectedly. Ashton smiled softly. Ashton fell into the nothingness, still clinging to Prince Rhonan's hand. The Prince was too weak to do more than gaze at the Court Mage, but Ashton just smiled all the same. Prince Rhonan was alive. Ashton was busy with a spell, was the young Court Mage's excuse for declining the Prince's summons, and Ashton could not be disturbed. The Prince knew that his bumbling Court Mage was in love with him. But that did not mean that he didn't regret saying those words. Would he ask King Adiran to dismiss Ashton from the Chastonian court? Would Prince Rhonan have died? Anything to keep his mind off of Prince Rhonan. Repeat this process seventy-three times. Prince Rhonan had sent five messengers in the past week alone. Pound! Oh course, these trinkets were never delivered in person; the Chastonians were too fearful of Ashton's powers to wish to meet the Court Mage in person. They hadn't mentioned the affair with the Head Healer. Laying the unfinished hiyit powder aside, and marking on a scratchboard that he was in the fifty-seventh cycle so he wouldn't forget—the hiyit powder had to mixed for exactly seventy-three cycles or it would be useless—Ashton made his way to his chamber door. By now the Prince, like the rest of the Chastonian castle, probably believed Ashton was a powerful, frightening mage ready to spew curses at the slightest provocation. Prince Rhonan would never look upon the Court Mage with anything other than fear. he admitted in a hushed tone. Wasn't Prince Rhonan supposed to be on bed-rest still? Ashton should not speak to his Prince as if he were a peasant farmhand instead of the Prince's Court Mage. The green eyes glittered like jewels. Only Ashton—and Master Ligon before him—were able to find what they were looking for. And as always, the mage's purple mage-robes were stained, this time by some yellow dusty powder. Had the stunning creature before him really said those words to Rhonan? Ignore them, like they never happened. Now swirl the mixture three times counterclockwise: one, two, three. Prince Rhonan had seemed better than that somehow. Without Master Ligon for company, Ashton was alone. He was alone. Pound! POUND! Prince Rhonan had seen him cry. pulled it away. To Rhonan's consternation, Mage Ashton did not meet his gaze. Ashton was a fool. As Prince Rhonan's hand softly, almost tentatively stroked Ashton's cheek, the blue ring stone blazed brightly. But that's just how the Court Mage was: always sporting some stain or another. Even after brainstorming for two hours, the words still eluded me. The paint strokes were obviously amateurish and the colour clashed horribly with my baby blue walls, but I'd left it as it was for nostalgia's sake. Now, it felt like my long-held position was in danger of being snatched away. I decided on a whim. It looked like he didn't want his position in my life to be usurped by the existence of a boyfriend, either. It was my normal greeting for him. I was still pondering this when he came to a stop and I belatedly realized we were at the canteen. I'd seen Reid smile plenty of times, but my brain had never gone blank like that before. My heart contracted; I'd read about things like these before. Seated a few feet away, I forcibly turned my gaze back to the book I'd been reading while waiting for his soccer practice to be over. It was getting harder and harder to keep my feelings in check. A shadow fell over the page of my book and I looked up. Odd, I'd never been so dissatisfied with that label of our relationship before. I scrambled to my feet to get out of the way, the book falling forgotten from my hands. Did it really look like I'd been stringing Reid along? The coach had sent both of them home in disgrace, citing that practice was over for the day. Honestly, how had I not seen it before? His expression started to change as he looked at the grin spreading across my face. At 1:30 in the morning, to boot. It remained passive, as always. When there wasn't, I began pulling away. I wish things were the way they were before we entered high school together. He acted differently since then. I removed my hand. I was right. I'm so selfish. You never forget about anything. You no longer called me late at night when you couldn't sleep. Those stuff screw you up bad, you know that? You drive me so damn crazy! You just carry on your life as if I don't exist. I could smell the faints scents of beer, smoke, and his favorite cologne. Again, I had to lean into his face rather closely. God, he was so warm. At that moment, I melted. Just like I was. Like we're not going to see each other anymore. Lazy, incompetent…the works. I felt like pinching his cheeks to morph some sort of expression onto his face. You've got three quarters of the female population pining after you at school, and the elderly lady next door is in love with you because you mow her lawn and take care of her flowers. He didn't say anything either. I smirked at this. Though her mother was enjoying the task of dressing her up immensely, Aurellia also known as  wasn't being Barbie because she liked fashion. If there was one thing Aura was, it definitely wasn't 'elegant'. She enjoyed talking business with her father and she absolutely adored collecting and playing with gadgets. The only thing wrong with Aura was that she had been born a she and not a he. It had been Aura's family wealth that made her happy and yet burdened her at the same time. Although Aura had befriended majority of those that came close, she only had a handful of friends whom her father approved of. She had a knack for expensive things, but practically shopped anywhere and everywhere – to Aria, fashion was fashion. Majority of the time she held an indifferent air about her when forced to mix and mingle with strangers. Though their thoughts on certain topics varied substantially and their fashion sense was like fire and ice, through compromise they managed to reach equilibrium. Cars and other gadgets was what Aura appeared to love most in life. Also being metrosexual and into fashion, James always had her attire under close scrutiny and couldn't help but keep pointing out she was boring and no guy would love her if she continued to read her car guides and not Shop til You Drop. she said in a lower tone,  she smiled. He accentuated with a starry eyed look. It wasn't because the stranger wasn't good-looking – no – he was a living, breathing God. Every part of him screamed sex appeal. She refrained from rolling her eyes at the revolting scene before her, wanting nothing more than to throw her steak sandwich at Chris' head. She was well aware of the fact that the female population was taking advantage of her childhood friend's generosity and it was frustrating to not have any power to do anything about it. Making a start on her steak sandwich, she tried hard to ignore Chris' x-rated public display of affection. So he had been a little too enthusiastic with the kissing, but who could honestly say 'no' to a hot babe like Mali Rovers? It had been her odd jokes, her straight forwardness that had simply set him on fire. Mali dressed revealingly, in a way that showed a person every single curve she possessed, whilst Essa dressed in more comfortable but trendy clothes, only dressing up for certain occasions. From the look in her eyes it was evident that she wanted more. Staring into his girlfriend's pretty brown eyes, he flicked his gaze over to Essa. There was nothing more she wanted to do right now than to have a quick romp around with Chris, though she knew that the moment was over for now. Now that it was silent, she placed her napkin onto the table and shifted in her seat to stand and head for the restrooms. As her golden orbs travelled to the second figure, Aura breathed in and her mind clicked in recognition. His lips were even more defined and tempting up close. Sure she had to admit, she was in the wrong but surely he didn't have to be such an asshole about it. However the moment he had spotted the way the brunette stared at him was the instant the remorse faded away. Coming from Ocean High where he was renowned for his courting and 'ladies man' title, Chris wasn't used to being looked at in such a way. Since he was accompanied to never having to put much effort into women it had been a bit of a shock to be greeted with such a look from a complete stranger. There was no doubt his childhood friend was going to give him sheer hell for the next hour or so. After all, there's always something better on the other side, right? I believe I may have even passed the slightly dimly light seven-eleven completely if I didn't happen to hear a panicked gruff yell then the follow up of a screeching bang pound and tear through my ear drums, easily overriding the humdrums of regular street life. I responded my whipping my head towards the sound instead. Stood stiffly in front of the register table, a frightening sliver gun clenched in his white ashen hand, screaming at the poor Middle Eastern cashier, demanding that he give him all the money he had. To become a heroine in my last moment in life, after my whole lifespan had nothing more eventful than have one car break down? I have zero creativity. I was the stupid woman gaping idioticly at a crime scene. Ignored surprised yells and again, adrenaline helping me along, forcefully propelled myself into Robber man knocking him clean off his feet, toppling roughly into the snacks aisle. A sickening thump. I was getting slightly angry now. I wanted to live, I know I did, but with the way things were feeling, it was quite possible I'd die. It wasn't helping the continuous pounding in my head and the itch on my back was driving me crazy. I couldn't see much of anything, but I sensed I was above the itchy ground. My mid-length black hair was matted down against my forehead with sweat and blood, snot and tears where still wet on my face, and my eyes were probably red and puffy, a lovely contrast against my milky coffee-colored skin. Then slowly the pain lessened bit by bit, and I began to breathe raggedly again. A gorgeous sound. Sexy boy was trying to talk to me and all I could do was throw insults. Someone began to snicker. My heart skittered. As she began to speak I realized she was the woman attempting to be comforting in the beginning of their trip to the hospital. he asked, underlying meaning not concealed very well. Even Adam's face was doing little to distract me from the pain. Kissing Adam was far more important. He suddenly detached himself from me, his breath uneven. His eyes gleamed in mischievousness. He started it. I'd always wanted to do that. Mentally, I berated myself harshly. Trying to breathe steadily. Why exactly was this sexy man hitting on me? I nodded again. What did I have to lose? I chose to not acknowledge the goose bumps or shivers. Had the idea, just thought I'd throw it out there. me! was quite typical. arrogant. anyone would be. ? He grinned and leaned forward onto the table. ? He was an odd ball…. I narrowed my eyes as he spoke my name. She trailed off. Damn. ? . Yes…. In fact she was actually pretty. the perfect candidate. did I look intimidating? ". Where can I find a virgin"? Was she mute? Say something dammit! My plan was going to backfire! she was short of cash! Meaning that she was probably desperate for a job! ? She can't just leave! yeah she was hott…. so I felt right away. . We only received an arched eyebrow from Anna. She shook her head and looked at her sister. At that moment she didn't care if her sister teased her the rest of the day, she couldn't ride that rollercoaster. After the car accident, tradition stopped happening. The park meant nothing to her but some old memories she shared with her parents. She graduated from college a year early and was home at the time of the accident. Instead her parent's always made Lucy the responsible one and she was always punished when she messed up. There was no way that was going to happen, so Lucy stepped up and took control. Mindy got all the guys while Lucy was stuck at home, face buried in a book. She smiled. She had just turned when Mindy grabbed her arm. She felt her face turn even redder and she wanted to crawl under a rock and disappear. Lucy nodded. Why was this guy still talking to her? She wanted to leave. Lucy saw Mindy look at Trent and then back at her before sighing and walking back over to where Chandra was holding their place in line. She wondered if it was as soft as it looked. She smiled, ready to make the best of this. She shivered. She wondered if he was wearing contacts to make them look that blue. What was he doing? She was a little nervous. She glanced back at Trent. She turned back to find Trent still staring. He smiled. She smiled. It was unnerving, but also made butterflies in her stomach. Trent looked at the basketball hoop and then back at Lucy. He handed Trent three balls and Trent started shooting. Trent's eyes widened a fraction, but then went back to normal so fast, Lucy assumed she imagined it. She smiled back bashfully and then lowered her head. They had just met; were basically strangers. Immediately Lucy realized that Trent was on the outside and that mean she was going to be sliding into him. It made her want to snuggle closer. After checking the time off some man's wrist watch, Lucy realized that it was close to closing time. If early November was already this cold, she knew it would be a cold, rough winter. She kept glancing around. He led her down an aisle and then stopped in the middle, turning to face her. She shut the door to her truck and shivered as another cold breeze blew toward her. Enjoy! As soon as I have more information for you, I will let you know. He finally caved. Oh, but did he have a way with words. I would be the one he spilled his secrets to, and he wouldn't even know it was me. How could I even want to steal that from him? Now it was just him, me and the darkness around us. He had started smoking a long time ago, and they caused his voice to get deeper and scratchier, I loved it. This would be the only way for it to work. He had gotten that habit from me. We were raw and real. My heart sped up. All those nights knowing, yet still wondering if the songs were about me drove me mad. When I first saw her, I thought she was the prettiest girl I had ever seen. Soon though, everyone realized how nice she was despite the verbal abuse. He was tall for a sixth grader and had the prettiest sky eyes. She's the only person who has ever been able to understand me. It was one of the hardest things I had to do, because I was so lost in memories. But she laughed it off and didn't say anything about it for a long, long time. And he needed some way to fill the emptiness. He obviously ignored the fact that I had called him Mr. Torment even after he asked me to call him Ryan. So I practiced a lot, learned how to read tabs, and started making my own music. I made sure she never felt neglected. Her parents were never home at night, they were drinkers, so they'd hit up all the local bars and come home around the time the bus came to pick her up in the morning for school. But they did. It sounded so beautiful coming from his lips. Something I wouldn't like. I remember it all. I corrected her when I answered. I knew she was making a hard decision. I could practically feel my heart breaking in my chest. I knew there was no hope of her coming with me. I knelt down in front of her and grabbed her around the waist, putting my face into her chest. She sighed. Seven years I had dedicated to this woman, and it was finally over. But I gathered myself. But grandma told me that she was given specific orders not to tell me where she was. The last time was when he left and I walked out of that small town, never looking back. He was silent for a good long while. I flipped it on and met his cold blue eyes. He had tattoos aligning his neck and I noticed that one of them was the Hebrew spelling for my name. I closed my eyes and sighed, a few tears slipping from the cracks in my eyes. His voice was soft and broken, it brought more tears to my eyes. He hung on tighter. There was nothing standing in my way. I started laughing and he pulled away. Someday, if it's liked, I'll go back and re-write it. It was the hand that had been pressed, lightly, fleetingly against my cheek before he'd disappeared on me. all encompassing. The boy could get positively obsessive over it. He was blushing. an unnamed couple in a hole! This was the product of a bad day and an overwhelming urge to throw something out into the world because I miss you guys! Usually he came and went as he pleased without informing me. I guess one of them at least was going to be filled up. So I was a bit surprised when I heard my brother's voice suddenly. Half an hour had passed by quickly. I figured he and Ben had hit it off right away with that in common. All I knew was, I would not want to be starting at a new high school, especially junior year when things were already well established in the pecking order. Tock. It was way too early to think about chemical reactions. It was a load of crap. She was also one of those people who are perky, happy, and with an I-roll-out-of-bed-every-morning-with-a –great-attitude outlook. Happen. I just wanted to sit and sulk. Probably because I inherited it from my dad. I wouldn't call myself ugly but I didn't consider myself to be a beauty either. Gag me. Only me. Hence the surprise yesterday when he told me he was going to visit the new neighbors. Why was this? Or was it them? He's good with science and math while it's an eternal struggle for me. Now it had slowed to a crawl. Get my mind off my brother and his perfection and my troubling thoughts about my friends. The shirt was tight enough to hint at a well-built body. I wouldn't want that kind of attention if I was new, and I tried to extend that courtesy to others as well. It definitely matched his hotness. Ben…Ben…Ohhhh. Great. If they were both good-looking, they would have no trouble at all fitting in here. Let me know if you spot something in present tense because I'm pretty sure I didn't catch everything. Hopefully this time around I can provide a more realistic, rugged experience. Glinting green road signs told me that I was entering Lincoln County, crossing the border between the known and the unknown for many suburban Oklahomans. Dad knew from the very start that I would be the first and, most likely, only scientist in the family. The cool spring breeze was rapturous and I remembered, not for the first time, that I was free. Served him right. It's as red as Oklahoma politicians. One of those beautiful people was my father, Vance Mosely. I was stopped by the black canopy over my head, which reminded me that it was 11:00PM, well past my early-rising dad's bedtime. After finally gaining access, I pushed open the door as carefully and quietly as possible. My fingers found the switch and the tiny, neatly-kept living room became illuminated by dim orange light. I repeated, as Murphy lovingly bit my hands. His hair was dishwater blonde, like my natural hair color, although I often dyed mine dark brown. At 20 years old, its color resembled that of an old newspaper clipping. Dad was watching me a few feet away, smirking. He choked it down in delight, a dab of white appearing on the end of his nose, and followed me to the front door. I had something I needed to do. Instead, it was a treacherous path of memories that, with every step deeper into the mouth of the wood, threatened to bog me down with grief. He knew the way just as well as I did, even though he was just a pup when we built the tree house. It took a considerable amount of energy to hoist myself up the rope ladder that led to the platform, and by the time I reached the top a sheen of sweat glistened on my forehead. I sat with my legs crossed, my back to the window, and opened the album. Smiling, I turned the pages, admiring each photo with shaking hands. Dad took the picture, obviously, because a baby-face version of me was plucking flowers from the ground and making a bracelet with the stems. The photo represented a time in my life when everything made sense – when the family was still together. The house fell into disrepair, as I continued to flip through the pages, and each photo of Dad was marred by that sad dullness in his eyes. We were so very different, but best friends to the very last. She wouldn't have deserted Dad and me. Dad's did, too, and he sank into a depression that was only halted by his desire to send me off to college with a smile. The world grew quiet and life went on. The ground shook again, this time with purpose, and I feared that the tree house would crumble, with me in it. Still, I was unconvinced by my own theory and I decided that escape was the best course of action. Neither option was particularly appealing, so I was frozen in place, unable to choose one or the other. My eyesight returned to normal after a considerable amount of time, and the first thing I saw was the men. I hunched down behind a bush, but it was a useless effort when Murphy was barking savagely at my side. Logical thought flies out the window in situations like that, and so I gritted my teeth and closed my eyes to the reality of my predicament. (it's much better hopefully! It was night but everything seemed overwhelmingly vivid. Sirens sounded in the distance and I cried silently to myself, tortured and alone. They looked around, all of them did, but nobody saw me. The early morning sun poured in through the window of my dorm room, and it took me a moment to realize that it had all been a dream—the same dream I always had. I expanded my thoughts around me and enveloped the people I was with until something caught my attention. I didn't know what they were referring to, but I definitely wanted to find out. Something cold seeped through my body, tugging down to my fingertips, wanting to be released. She scrunched up her nose and put her hands on her hips, and I began to sense the people around us pausing to watch. She seemed to get ahead of herself, lost in her brief bravery. My expression remained indifferent, but inside I was raging. Mia pressed on. Voices called out around me and the girl whimpered below me. I was dragged to the office where I was told to sit and wait for the principal. Or a lot. I closed my eyes and tried to relax, tapping my foot, biting my lip, anything to distract me from the upcoming punishment. The low and comforting voice should've been a giveaway, but maybe I was too distracted. I couldn't help but feel happy when he was around. Oliver would know for sure, and he was a terrible liar. We were supposed to be friends. I did so without question, and sat across from him at the large mahogany desk in his office. I asked it off-hand, because it was fresh in my mind and something in his glare made me feel like something really was wrong with me. But it was safe to say I would have little time to do homework and definitely wouldn't be eating dinner with Oliver this week. You won't be confused much in the sequel. I expect this copy will be about the same. ) Let me know what you think of the chapter, reviews are super appreciated! This will also be generally rather violent in comparison to my other fics-it may not seem it at first, but it gets a lot worse. ! I didn't even attempt to count to ten like my counsellor had told me to when I felt rage consuming my whole body, fists clenching and shoulders stiffening as my teeth ground together. Not exactly unusual. He sighed as he ripped off the piece of paper before handing it to me. I glared back at her before slamming my detention slip down in front of her, making her jump only slightly. Perhaps even tongue. If he had superpowers, or whatever. After a while, everyone got kind of used to our punching matches, and the only person I ever really seemed to fight from then on (apart from my brother's friends) was Fang. Whatcha think? . Sighing annoyingly, her expensive manicured hand swept through the blond silky strands of her hair. Sarah turned around and winced in disgust. She sighed, turning her back to the couple. Throwing her school uniform in the trunk, Maybellene turned to them, giving the teens their full attention. With those last words she put the car into gear and drove out of the college parking lot. She pushed Courtney to the side. Suddenly, pushed forward, the boy had to talk to her. She looked down at her one week old bag hanging limply from her arm. It was perfect, because she never bought anything that was lower than $1,000 when it came to bags. She was everything they imagined. One of the men looked up at her and smiled. Lifting up her chin, Maybellene walked past him and his friend, towards the cash register. She turned to walk away, but the man had grabbed her by the elbow again. But because of her nature, she didn't back down. As the woman registered her purchase, her eyes scanned the area for her friends. The hallway was emptying and the route to the right was dead silent. She pursed her lips, debating whether or not she really needed to use the restroom. But despite the odor, the pulsing pain in her stomach screeched. She asked softly as she rubbed at it. But the huge flashlight in his hand quickly came down to the back of her head, rendering her useless as she fell to the floor. The beginning was kind of boring, because I have the introduce the characters and their personality :p but towards the end it got a bit interesting. What happens when her father denies his daughter? He's like 40! She plays that card a lot. Besides, it's here. Fuuuuck. ) flirt with me. Fuck. Idiot. Except, he's pretty charming to most people. Asshole. You hate me. I rolled my eyes. You're a girl for fuck's sake". He rolled his eyes and I kicked him lightly. A. Freak. Then I laughed. There is no other reason. After causally jogging down the stairs, taking the steps two at a time, I opened the door to find none other than my best friend, Hailey, along with the rest of the West Valley High cheerleading squad standing on my doorstep. What else was a best friend supposed to do? I couldn't just come out and offer them makeup remover to wash away the streaks of running mascara streaming down their faces. She had officially gone crazy. I didn't blame them. Hailey promised me that this would never happen. I was a goner. Everyone was too focused on the big game that would happen that night at nine o'clock. When she spoke about my duties as Bob, she almost made the task sound pleasant. He rummaged around his room before finally picking his Varsity Letter Jacket off of the floor. At the time, I hadn't even cared that it had my school's rival printed on the back. Apparently, as the new mascot I had to be at school three hours early to try on the Wildcat costume and master this 'perfect' routine. You know, school spirit and all. I decided that option two was a more suitable choice and began walking to the bus stop a few blocks ahead. I didn't need to see more than his dark silhouette to know who he was. I hadn't seen it in so long and it was completely different than looking at him from the distance and comfort of my bedroom. Abruptly, images of my hands running through his soft locks popped into my thoughts and then I remembered the way his lips—shit I needed to stay focused. When our school statuses didn't matter. He used my full name. I didn't think I would ever be grateful for there presence but at that moment I accepted them with open arms. The cheerleaders were already dressed in their uniforms and hadn't asked the janitors to leave the room unlocked, being that they had no use for it. Now, underneath the wildcat costume's hideous cotton fur, I was only clad in a bra and my underwear—that thankfully covered my butt. What kind of teenager would I be if I hadn't? I mean, sure it was only a prank by my rival school, but I was still being taken against my will! Did they think I was a guy? I was shoved from behind into the van and the doors were closed behind me. Daniel Rivers, East Valley's halfback, stared back at me. I needed to focus. When it became unbearable, Daniel turned to Matt and began talking. I really didn't want to hear about Matt and his newly found relationships. It was pathetic. We had been so careful to make sure no one found out because East Valley's Quarterback couldn't be caught with a West Valley girl. Did they forget I was here? We snuck around all summer and now they are saying they wouldn't have cared? I would give anything to have Chad Michael Murray run off of a field for me! He couldn't' just go around telling guys that I was beautiful and kissable and get stalked by weird girls named Sophie. We were all standing in the back of the van, glaring at each other. The wildcat headpiece fell off of my head on the way down and rolled to a stop by Daniel's arm. Shit. He pulled me up, grasping the situation we had landed ourselves in. The driver immediately turned around, not wanted to get into our problems and silently began driving back to school. My relationship with Matt was a mess and all because of a stupid school rivalry. In fact, I was boiling inside of the wildcat uniform. After that, no one spoke a word for the duration of the ride. It certainly wasn't looking good in our favor. Who else was I supposed to vent to? It was all over the place. I began pushing my way through the throngs of people littered along the stands. I continued my path, walking down the stairs to the main level. Matt slapped the guy on the shoulder and began running off of the field. Mat stopped at the bottom of the bleachers, looking up to smile at me. I found that my brain couldn't concentrate on anything at the moment, except for his lips. I pulled back, panting, and rested my forehead against his. And, honestly I didn't care. I know i do! And, feel free to point out any grammar mistakes and things like that. So please, let me know what you think. Even the food was predictable – tasteless pate, gauche caviar and stringy duck. In fact, as her mocha colored eyes scanned her surroundings, pinpointing first her parents and then her two siblings, it was obvious that they were in their element, thoroughly enjoying the tedious affair. Her two brothers, Richard, the eldest, and Kyle, the baby, were mingling and laughing, flirting and teasing, generally eating up all of the attention their good looks, charm and wealth won them. It was a ridiculous game, one she absolutely despised, but worth it in the end since it let her both escape the social nightmare and maintain peace within her family. He was several yards away, standing by the pool house with a blond haired, 'Double D' cup that she recognized as one of her former sororiety sisters. Corrie rolled her eyes, knowing just how arrogant and cruel Richard really was beneath the charismatic surface. She was so different in fact, that his favorite long running joke was that she was adopted. By the time she was twelve, Richard had started telling her that she was the by-product of a lurid tryst between their mother and the caretaker of their estate, David Caldwell. It was her home away from home, the place she coveted above all others. She'd taken him up on the offer and that was the beginning of a wonderful friendship. Even with a six-year age difference, they were very close. Though they had an unusual relationship, sometimes barely speaking at all, he was the one who had captured her heart from the moment she had laid eyes on him twelve years ago. The two had dated for nearly two years when they were in high school and the relationship hadn't ended well. Not only were the two of them nothing more than good friends, he was the son of their family's caretaker - and the one man that her evil brother held in such low regard. Caroline was just being herself, saying exactly what was on her mind no matter the cost. There were many reasons why nothing would ever happen between them and Caroline was certainly aware of a few of them, so why did she push the issue at every opportunity? After all, it was far better than the alternative - losing him completely. She was quite certain that the man would never see her as anything other than the sad little rich girl who clung like a desperate vine to her daddy's hired help. Be sure to bold or underline them. )The necklace was said to be of finely wrought gold filigree and dusted over with diamonds, emeralds, pearls, sapphires, and other precious stones, nearly as beautiful as the princess it was made for, and worth at least seven times the amount that he could hope to make in a lifetime. A good night to steal, he thought, and moved from his place out of the shadows towards the palace walls. This would be a new challenge for him, and it was one that made his blood sing with excitement. Getting over those would be the second obstacle in retrieving the necklace. Whether that happened or not generally depended on who was in charge of the rounds that night and how much alcohol was involved in those rounds. No doubt the entire upper crust was swaying on their collective feet now, fawning over the glittering piece of bride price and gossiping drunkenly over the future of the last and loveliest daughter of King Stylianos IV. A perfect match. And in the event that he was being chased out – unlikely, but one should consider even the most outlandish of circumstances – he would need a much quicker exit. It was good cover, but if it got too dark it could mean a loss of sight for him just as well as for the guards. Once his country had settled and order was more or less restored, he set about cloaking his tiny fortress palace behind an array of landscaping. Some of the flowers could not survive the desert heat, but some flourished in the highland climate. The discord was quiet but there. Takis was just doing his part of the agreement. If current events were anything to go by, most of the guards were probably too drunk to care, or passed out at their posts – so far he'd caught three doing just that, one of them snoring quite comfortably. It was his cleverness, not his ability to slit throats, that made him the greatest thief in the high Sahara. Neither one of these things appealed to him. The question as to whether or not the man was asleep was answered when said man reached up and scratched at his beard absently, and then yawned. If the tasty, voluptuous woman spilling out of her dress following him was anything to go by, Takis guessed he was taking advantage of that right now. he ordered succinctly, removing his sword belt. It wouldn't be the first time he'd done it. Takis looked up at the sky in thanks and then moved for the door, alternating his attention between the lovers and whatever might lay in wait for him once inside. Neither option appealed to him greatly, but it was redundant – not to mention incredibly risky – to slip into the palace and then climb out of it back into it. He just hoped it didn't draw too much attention to this part of the palace. Most of the opulence had been saved for the King and Queen's chambers, the glass rooms, and the throne hall. It gave easily, and he edged in quietly, closing it behind him. What they were doing, he decided, was not at all natural. To protect his kingdom, King Stylianos IV had brokered a deal with the younger King and sent him the  as his bride, along with an ample dowry to persuade him where hormones might not. She was exactly like the Oleanders that thrived below her room – breathtaking but full of poison. It, in turn, blinked up at him with its wide cat eyes and meowed pitifully. He opened this door just as carefully as he'd opened the other, frowning when he felt the cat trip over his foot into the room, and then shut it again behind him. Diamonds, emeralds, sapphires, and the gods knew what else winked invitingly at him in the dim light, tempting him near with their promise of untold fortune. You've gone too far this time, they would say, but they'd smile while shaking their heads and hide their chuckles behind their hands, and then together they'd sit down and work out how to sell the little bitch, piece by filigreed piece. The curves off her hips were well outlined in the dim light, and the thin silk of the gown combined with the warm, pre-storm air molded lovingly to her breasts. she added. Takis wasn't even going to start thinking about what the King would do. She was lithe and fluid, and completely sure. But it occurred to him that she was deliberately showing herself off to him, so he played along and let his eyes linger where they shouldn't have: on her golden brown legs; on the hint of lace underwear underneath, barely covering that coveted place between her legs; on the gentle swell of her breasts and the darker pertness of her nipples beneath the shimmering fabric. He drew on his inner reserves of strength and turned away from her, moving towards the necklace. Her voice fairly dripped with sarcasm. He watched unabashedly as she closed that drawer and then opened another, and finally came up with what she was looking for. But for some reason, he really wanted to hear her say it. He tugged the robe off of her and placed a hand under her thigh as he moved his teeth to her neck momentarily. The Princess was all too obliging, and then with one hard thrust he was in her, completely encased in that wet, delicious warmth. Her whimpers were a result of both pleasure and pain, and they spurred him on even harder than before. she ordered imperiously, but as he continued her voice starting to sound a little desperate. She'd grown quiet under his mouth and hands and no longer fought him. Takis waited until he felt her breathing calm completely before he slid his hand between them to tease her in other ways. And then there was the edge, and the explosion, and then all that was left was the dreamy after-pumps, his last ditch efforts to make sure all possible tingles of pleasure were collected and accounted for. Takis was in no hurry to relinquish his hold on her, though part of him knew very well that this moment could not last forever. he said after a second. It was a matter of pride. He wondered how many men had seen her private side… the one that smiled without restraint, that opened her heart up to strangers, and then begged those strangers for more. His world was entirely different from hers. He wanted to get under her skin and see what made this woman tick. The sound of running water met his ears a few seconds later and he rubbed his face, sighing. She might, after all, change her mind and turn him in. And then when people questioned him about this night, when both the necklace and the  went missing, he could just smile mysteriously and shrug his shoulders. He asked it quietly, still deliberating. But leopards, like princesses, were a little harder to hide. He watched as the cub pawed her the same way it had swatted at him, adding to that a few affectionate licks of the tongue, and the slight smile she gave it in response was what motivated his decision more than anything else. It was well made but very plain and inexpensive, and certainly nothing that a princess would ever be caught wearing. He grinned at her, and began calculating how much time they had left before they absolutely had to leave – if there was time left to ravish her a little more. He spent a great deal more time than necessary admiring her undergarments, and when he eventually turned back with his choices, she was watching with a hand on her hip, his pants in her fist. The whole thing should not have turned him on as much as it did, but then again, nothing about this night had turned out to be anywhere near normal. He would do anything, in fact, if it meant he didn't ever have to see her look like that again. Just rather dirty. But it was the threat of rain that worked in their favor and cleared the grounds of any who might stop their progress. Shelter would have to be their first priority; they could plan their next move from there. he told her, somewhat quiet. Takis thought he could almost see her defenses breaking down, one after the other. Takis is a pet form of a name that means ; Xenia means ; Stylianos means ; Kyriake means ; Dimitrios derives from the Greek goddess Demeter. (Stylianos IV was a busy man. He's my boyfriend. I didn't see his face. For quick updates, make sure to follow my twitter at heathercmyers and my tumblr portsidewonderland dot tumblr dot com. He'd consider himself lucky to have all this with his twenty-three years. If this went wrong, he'd probably have to hurt someone, and that someone would probably be Bryan. Damn, he was the one that always pointed him to his popularity! Lovely. No one would know if he kept it this way for two hours or so. ) and quickly spoke up. He didn't reply because they both know how stupid the question was. I felt safe sitting next to him in this terrible weather. This wasn't normal. It covered almost my whole left cheek. As fast as I could, I covered it up again, trying to pretend that it didn't exist. I was someone who laughed 24/7. When I finally realized that they were still there and that they weren't going to go away, I crashed. It's none of their business. I quickly brushed my hair in front of my scar, and turned around glaring. . I wasn't comfortable around them anymore and had started to push them away. Instead of Andrew going with him, he stayed with me. When I was about to step up the stairs Andrew spoke up. Not to my face anyway. I did my best to come up with a reasonable excuse, but my brain refused to help me. Why couldn't they see that I only did this to protect myself? His clouded green eyes flared with anger and pierced right through me. Although he still sounded mad, his voice became softer by the end of the sentence. I didn't want to give Andrew the satisfaction of breaking down in front of him. These things fucking screwed up my life and he acted like it was nothing. My heart was beating rapidly and I looked down at my feet from embarrassment. I knew that people thought that I was over reacting, but I never expected Andrew would be one of them. I still don't believe how easy it was to fool everybody, but they all believed me while I pretended to be happy. On the inside I feel like I can break down any minute. It was the only place where I allowed myself to break down and cry. but no, it just plopped me straight into the worst one. but the sweat would have been worth it. Apparently my 'grr-I-will-eat-you' expression did nothing for him. probably at my squashed nose. HISSY FIT? Stash his body in the dumpster behind school? not that they seemed to mind. . I was able to channel strong distaste with the emphasis of 'new'. she finished with a glare at Jessica. Third, it was bright out. or rather, above. I told him softly. but this was just extreme. but I have engagements and weddings on my mind (more about that later on in this A/N). . ! . Press it, you know you want to. . He had only brought a couple of toys with him, and they would only keep him entertained for so long. Everybody commented on the fact that they seemed perfect for each other. Veronica sighed and rubbed the back of her neck. Jim went to say something, but Alex interrupted him. He had trouble talking to strangers, lacking the outgoingness that most of other boys his age had. He felt his shyness slowly leave him. It was Batman after all. They both were in their twenties, which to him, it still looked really old. Time had passed quickly by how much fun Peter was having with his newly made friend. He watched Jim give another kiss to his aunt before opening the door and walking out. He was glad he had met someone new to play with, but was sad to see him go. If you have a solution for this problem, please let me know. With their friendship compromised, and with Rome unstable, will coming back together only make things worse? There will be more magical realism than outright fantasy in this volume. You can skip ahead if you want, but you'll miss some background. Chapter 1Forbidden Forest. Sometimes one relationship affects the world. . The temple became my life, and it was not for me to question the ways of it. There I was, dutifully minding my assigned task, when Pandora graced me with her violent presence. The whole structure felt ancient, instigating a sense of awe and wonder and power, making it seem more a fortress than a glorified temple. Her red-trimmed white robe and red leather boots stood out amidst the muted tones of the room. She held out a sheet of parchment. I scanned the list of various herbs. I must be careful not to venture too far into the wood, lest I find myself in the forest. I continued through the empty field bordering the village, the long grass tickling my calves. I did not want to go in, but the wood beckoned to me, drawing me in, and soon my feet moved of their own accord. I stopped to take in my surroundings. The ground was no longer bare but for the occasional plant; dead pine needles coated the ground in thick layers, littered with the leaves of plants I had never seen before. …Like a forest. I whipped about frantically, paranoid and hopeful at the same time. I jolted back to attention as the little hairs on the back of my neck began to prickle. Hesitating only a moment, I dashed after it. I ran as fast as my short legs were able, stumbling over invisible rocks and running my feet raw over those pine needles which once seemed so soft, the box Mistress Healer gave me banging repeatedly against my thigh. Finally I glanced up, and my eyes grew large. It was a dirt road, in the middle of the forest. There was not even a road from the village to the wood, and surely that route saw more travelers. Raking a goodly portion of pine needles out of my hair, I started down the road. Seeking some sort of sanctuary, I began the trek across the grassland to reach it. I watched her approach warily. I attributed this to never having seen a girl in the forest before, as well as not having seen a girl for so long that I did not even remember what one looked like. I took that as my cue to escape, continuing my dash through the trees until I leapt and landed softly in the grass. Nobody had used it for a number of years. She stared into my eyes, her large light brown eyes boring into mine, staring straight through me to the shattered remnants of my soul. Then, to my surprise, she sank down to my level, squatting in front of me, and reached out a hand as if to touch me. I felt caged. No one had spoken even a word to me in countless years, and I stopped speaking during that time. I could not remember how to speak. This time I managed a small noise in the back of my throat. Allowing me to process that for a moment, she tried again. And I knew who I was. I watched helplessly as alternating expressions of traumatized horror played across his face, until whatever thought surfaced proved too much for him, and he collapsed in an unconscious heap in the grass. Crawling over to him, I rolled him gently onto his back, finally getting a good look at him. On impulse I ran a hand through his messy hair, marveling at its softness, combing the dirt, leaves, and grass out of it with gentle work-worn fingers. Her slight soft smile surprised me. Blinking in confusion, I attempted to sort my thoughts. I snorted. I stood. I stopped at the invisible boundary where my forest ended and the wood began. I wonder, when others thought they saw a spirit, was it him they saw all along? Mistress Healer gave me a warning look. The question sounded almost hesitant. My teacher did not readily believe in such   I said, peeking up at her. I hesitated, reluctant to share my secret with anyone else—even Mistress Healer—but at last I spoke in a small voice. . Of course he had a place to sleep. Each group split off in the direction of their quarters, in separate wings and floors of the building (or so I once was told, for temple wards rarely had cause to see one another's quarters). The night held secrets yet to be discovered, long taken for granted. The monotonous livelihood of the stream hypnotized me into joining with the dragging tides of sleep. Each speaks in the manner they do because that is all they know at this point. It's probably broken. But there's nothing angelic about him. He smiles at me and pulls me from the snowdrift. . Little upstart wants to try some fancy new training, eh? I will take this suggestion back to discuss with the clan. ! Edward was ruthless. Because I'm Edward's brother. Not particularly. Girls my age were supposed to stay inside the house and just play dress up or with dolls. Tears were threatening to spill. I didn't want to give it to them because if I did, I wouldn't have enough money to buy a new one. Looking at him more, I saw that he had a proud grin on his face. He was probably pissed at how stupid these three boys were. Maybe, it was because I was hoping, someday, he'd be the one to ask me on a date. I was hopeless and in love with my best friend. Just like now, he had me up against my locker, and none of the people that passed us in the hallway decided to help me out. Hell, I didn't even want be near him. Much to my relief, Liam decided to appear at that exact moment. From the best of buds, we fell apart to mere acquaintances. I loved my best friend, but I knew when something was over, so I decided to pull myself back up and just carry on with my life. Although the committee who planned this belonged to the two schools, anyone, as long as she or he was a senior, could come. It was like killing two birds with one stone – two dresses in one day. Liam Nicholson. He just seemed to get better with age. We were stuck at the hip, and everyone back then, even our parents, thought we were going to marry each other and live happily ever after. Someone told me before,  Whoever said that got me spot on. I didn't want to give Liam Nicholson the satisfaction of being able to stop me in my tracks, but with a defeated sigh, I realized that he could do that, and effortlessly even. And there I go again. I just knew I was just setting myself up for trouble. Who knew an unintelligible and simple word such as 'wow' can spur a number of complex feelings in me? I didn't need him turning me into a sadder excuse for a woman than I already was. All in all, the party was in full swing. She had two shots, one in each hand, and gave the both of them to Liam and me. My arm went around her waist for support, but after a few minutes, Liam decided to be the gentleman that he was and took Keisha's weight off me and onto him. With my pride to consider and blame, I grabbed a couple more shots from the bar, downed them, and did the deed. Not good gossip. I grabbed his hand and led the way to the dance floor where we didn't have to speak. And looking at his eyes, I saw a number of emotions swirling through them, emotions I couldn't place, but I knew he was as conflicted as I was. The awkward Liam, the side rarely seen by others. I hated the fact that I was letting the alcohol take over my body. When we were on the bed and under the comforters, everything just became a tangle of arms and legs and skin – pure bliss. I knew what I did and who I did it with. I was scared, and instead of thinking of what to say, I was coming up with ways on how to postpone our said meeting. The whole morning, I was thinking of an escape or avoidance plan, and early on in the afternoon, he surprised me. Despite the fact that he looked like he wanted to maim me, he still looked gorgeous, and my knees instantly buckled. He looked aggravated and pissed and infuriated. He and his caring self – the greatest best friend any one could ever have at such a young age. I couldn't tell him that I still had feelings for him after all those years, and all of those resurfaced just last night? He kissed me back with so much passion that even after he pulled away, the heat on my lips still lingered. Fight or fall? Now, I had risked everything, and he had the power to call the shots, to make or break me. Instead, he left his mouth open like a fucking fish. But it surely didn't seem that way last night. This was all last night's fault. A pause. The least I could do was not waste his time. With him so close to me, I felt like anything and everything could happen right now. After seconds of silence passing, I gave him my most sincere answer. No major revisions when it comes to plot though. And I also hope to either revise my other stories or come up with new ones! You're wrong,You're my Princess". Dances. Damn him. Pissed…. ) met my ears. Great. Yup. but what do you think? I can never seem to say it straight. Thanks! One that happens to lie on the other side of this door and whom is completely uncooperative – he doesn't talk, look or in any other way acknowledge me most of the time and when he does it's with derision. I'm not allowed to touch anything in his room without his permission or he goes completely psycho – screaming at his mother to send me back where she came from. At least not with me. He lets out a groan, and covers his eyes with his hands. Day. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. All I know is my hands touched his perfect hair and then out of their own accord they decided they didn't want to move. Clearly; the au pair and the son of the people she's working with should not have any sort of something going on, and clearly – he should let what happened this morning go. And when I say that I'm not kidding; he used to go out of his way to avoid me, and now he's doing just the opposite. Because I kinda like my job. You just can't. I hope she ignores it. That's a little strange. I gulp. The moment his eyes lock with mine I'll want to grab that auburn head of hair and stroke it while I kiss the living daylights out of him. His body is flush against mine, cheeks touching, his silky auburn hair brushing my forehead. I'm not sure what the rules of being an au pair are, but kissing one of your so-called siblings is probably up there on the list of things not to do. I'm not anything special, and he'll get over the rejection. Because I'm not, I won't and most importantly I can't. No need at all. I'm not supposed to care about any part of his person and his hair is not an exception to that. More than once. He seems to be liking this outright mistreatment. That's what I've got. That doesn't exactly narrow down his list of choices. I'm just fine. I'm all good. It's hurting my ears – wait, why is she screaming? Oh no. I sink deeper into oblivion, playing with the curls at the nape of his neck, curls of his fringe pressing to my forehead; I'm in heaven. I'll chat longer maybe when I update Bam which will be soonish. And he was off. Fifteen"? But I feel worlds away from high school. Mark jolted in surprise. The eyes. Mom said something about getting out more and doing things for others. I still think I'm too dang nice. Also known as the football players. Promise. I believed I was only janitor. Dang. I thought maybe if I concentrated and found my chi, like in those martial arts movies, I'd find the key. You would do that same if you thought you saw an evil monster behind you! I proceeded to kick him in the shins. Which I realized was a helmet. The upside, I had just assaulted the star player. I swear. That was freshman year, sadly I haven't come up with anything and this was the beginning of my junior year… Quiet. Another reason for Coach to want to kill me. Why, for the love of Pete, was he laughing? Actually, yes, yes he is. When I turned back around Shawn was still standing where I left him. Ignoring his presence, I made my way to the cafeteria. Those tables weren't going to clean themselves. Football players are swine. You could see muscles, but they weren't bulging. Even I'm not completely immune to that body, People. If anyone asked, I was provoked. His golden eyes narrowed. Before you can say Czechoslovakia, it was an all out war. We were at a stale mate. About six of them to be exact, all equipped with lunches. Never let your guard down! The new comers yelled in surprise as it exploded infront of them. It was now or never. There was no way on this green earth, I was going to let him put pudding in my HAIR. After about a second or two I felt his arms snake around my waist and pull me closer. I didn't have any time to register any of what was happening before he was passionately kissing me and I was kissing him back. He laughed. His laughing was doing weird things to my stomach. I know, real intelligent. My heart was pounding in my ears, and my stomach did the pancake. I knew I shouldn't have watched that romance movie. Hope it's not too bad! Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author. And even though it's the second in the series, I've included a lot of refreshers, so I don't think you'd have a problem following along if you haven't read the first one. Not the investment banker, who would only talk about the changing stock market climate, not the yoga instructor, who tried to convert me to veganism daily, and definitely not the pretty-boy model, who, as I discovered one day when I walked in on him, wasn't aware of the definition of monogamy. That baby had grown up to be the man of my dreams, my partial vampire, who could walk around during the day in full sunshine and suck a cow dry at night - Teren Adams. She killed people that most of society would deem as deserving of such a death, but still, it was one thing to think that, and quite another to know it was happening…and who was doing it. No contest. I'd killed and Teren had chosen not to – even though every part of his body had been screaming at him to take my blood, he'd chosen not to. That was my man and that was why I had no fear of becoming his wife…and the mother of his children. They'd practically shoved the idea of a baby down my throat upon our first visit to their home, a sprawling ranch near the base of Mount Diablo, an  as Teren referred to it. I wasn't having a kid with a virtual stranger, just because some insistent, black-haired bloodsuckers told me to. We'd only had a few months until he'd be incapable of making a baby, and we didn't waste any precious time trying. My amazing man had not only managed to knock me up in time, he'd knocked me up twice. Not exactly an aphrodisiac. I'd never seen him do it, but that didn't mean he didn't. As Teren's athletic body walked around the edge of the bed to sit beside mine, I briefly considered dragging him down for another tumble on those sheets, super ears be damned. His fingers traced a wide oval over the top of my t-shirt and I smiled at the look of peace on his face. I was completely fine with that. He laughed and I frowned, remembering, yet again, my real question. I sighed and hoped rejoining the world was as seamless as he made it sound. That helped to skip a few steps when I was ready for some…loving, but it could be a little annoying when I wanted to stress without him bugging me about it. I cocked my head at him. He pulled away, looking satisfied. He appeared to love it too as an amused smile lit his face. He smiled and shrugged his shoulders. I really didn't want anyone feeling that cool skin and getting suspicious. I opened my mouth to object and he raised a hand, stopping me. He squatted down to look me directly in the eye. And a part of me, wanted to be stronger than the scared little girl that I was starting to sound like. As he pulled away, one final objection poured from my mouth,  That was one thing he definitely couldn't do around humans. He gave me a tired smile. We had so much more to lose now, we both needed to be careful. I closed my eyes and laid my head on his silent chest, happy that I could still do that, happy we were still together, despite all the odds. I needed to be back at work tomorrow morning. I had a feeling I'd need another vacation soon. Halina. She immensely enjoyed intimidating people, and she sure intimidated the heck out of me. That was kind of a clue that even my mom would pick up on. Sure, they'd been hunting stupid cattle that hadn't even moved, but the look on their faces as they circled and attacked, well, it had been terrifying and exhilarating to watch. he asked, annoyance and amusement in his voice. Yeah, unfortunately, it also came in handy that way too. Over his shoulder he tossed,  He turned and grinned back at me. He closed his eyes and inhaled. He sucked in a quick (and unnecessary) breath as our parts lined up. I lifted my shoulder to him, encouraging both. That was when I groaned and decided every thought in my head could wait until later…much later. So worth it. Eventually he opened his eyes and stirred, seemingly torn as well. He stayed on his back and smiled up at me however, willing to play the role of captive, if only for me. He lightly shook his head before bringing his eyes back to mine. he inhaled and closed his eyes,  He opened them and gazed at me with a look of wonder on his face. I felt a little like old technology compared to him, like how a black and white TV must feel when it's placed beside an HD flat screen, if inanimate objects had feelings, of course. Not with two lives inside of me, depending on my still beating heart to keep them alive and nourished. He smiled and kissed my forehead. If I never really left my home, I'd want it to be the best home money could buy too. He looked up at us when we entered the room. He didn't look much like Teren, what with his brown but graying hair and warm brown eyes, but he was as warm and gentlemanly as his son, and Teren's manners were no great surprise after spending a little time around his role model. Being around food didn't bother him or anything, he just usually took the time while I was eating breakfast to visit with his mother or his grandmother, since just sitting there and watching me eat was a little boring. I knew better than to object though. I suppose it would feel more natural once we shared a common last name. I understood Teren's need to be like everyone else, so much better now. She saw the world in the same amazing way he did. I didn't want him to be alone…ever. I tended to agree with Alanna; Teren could be a stubborn ass sometimes. he'd jokingly told me once. Some things never change, regardless of species. he whispered in my ear. I took the opportunity to smack Teren in the thigh. He'd be eating a lot of chickens. On foot, Teren could probably make it in fifteen. My head started to swim as well and I started to panic a little bit. Suddenly getting scared that I'd lose it on the expensive looking dining room table, I started backing up…and lightly crying. He looked a little terrified. I barely had time to note the stale air of a room that obviously was hardly ever used, before I dashed to the bowl and nosily launched my entire stomach contents into it. Of course, that had been much more serious than morning sickness. I looked up at him and grinned. The light in the hallway had been subdued with heavy curtains, most likely thanks to Alanna, but it was still causing the vampire pain. He understood and let me be, knowing I was no damsel in distress that needed my hand held because I'd gotten a little woozy. Teren's dead body could no longer contribute to the making of new life, and these children would be the last I ever carried of his, the last I ever carried, period. I nodded into his hands, thinking that was the best plan I'd heard all morning. Nahnahnanah! I was alone. One container of orange juice. You not being a genius"? he asked carefully. . For her life, for her love, and for her children they would have to make the biggest sacrifice and leave everything behind. Now they would be lucky if they could leave with their lives. She heard another shot and then another, they were coming faster as the hunters came closer upon them. Not one more of her babies would die that night. She snarled, slashing her claws and biting down, there would be no escape. And sure enough it came. She bit back a groan. She gave an akward laugh and waved. Not that Ron gave a crap he was just too nice, which was why Kimand Lane decided to kill him later. He cried out dramatically. She in turn scowled and glared, backing up against an equally pissed off and uncomfortable Kim. Lane, Kim, and Ron rolled they're eyes and walked away. He turned to Kida with a fatherly look in his eyes. 'Soon my mate, you will be with and belong to me. She gasped out loudly. She hoped it was nothing. Thank ya's! I just want to be left alone. Both were only twenty two and married, so all they needed to have a picture perfect family was a sweet and loving child. Watched as the tears slowly ran down her face. 3 pounds, was born. But something about Astrid threw her off. And she never begged for food, she just always went to the table in their apartment at exactly 1:30 P.M. and waited to be fed. normal? And of course the crybabies, who did nothing but cry at the loss of their parents for hours on end, and required her immediate attention. Children were fascinated by with her sliver blond wisps of hair that fell beneath her neck, and her blue eyes, some came over to see if they could make a new friend. And Sunni watched as Astrid got up from her seat and sat alone in one of the tables in the back staring at a picture of the moon she had drawn for the kid's entertainment. Dana looked at least 7 months pregnant. Was she ill, or just wearing too many clothes? Her father was upset because she was not normal, and Astrid could see that he felt jealousy towards other parents. Then opened Astrid's door and gripped her arm dragging her out while almost shutting the door on her hand. Ryan finally let himself come at the end of the birthday list, which was always the longest unbroken portion of Simon Reece's voice. Ben enjoyed teasing Ryan, black coffee and long walks on the beach. After all, it was only the truth. He would happily listen to heavy metal, or even country, so long as Simon Reece's voice was heard. And with that and a strange little coffee mug salute, Ben vanished down the corridor of cubicles. No one could complain, of course, but the terrible music, without the heavenly alleviation of Simon Reece's voice, was making Ryan reconsider his stance on professional help. Visions of throwing office supplies at Ben to see which would land first in his heart convinced Ryan that it was time for his lunch break. There was a couple talking on the far side of the café, and a small line of people waiting at the counter for take-away. It was a smooth and deep voice, like sex over velvet. Pity he's with a girl, because, even if he just sounds similar to Simon Reece—yum. But, since the fantasy was entirely in his head, Ryan could put any face to the voice that he wanted, and he was sure he wanted this one. he said finally, unable to think clear enough for better. Ryan had never been able to resist that voice, and now that it belonged to that man, he knew he never would. But it was much too late for that now. Of course, that statement could go several ways. Looking over at his bedmate, Simon thought he might have a bit of fun and tugged at the blankets until he had the best view of Ryan's body. He had planned to play with his hands as well, but this might prove entertaining in itself. They barely came above her ankle to begin with and they definitely weren't covered with dried mud and cow dung. He kissed the top of her head. She loved him more than anyone and often thanked God she was lucky enough to have him as a big brother. He inherited their father's tall height while she inherited their mother's petite frame. The dance side, which it was affectionately known, was only open Friday and Saturday nights. They rushed on after him and started in on the cover songs they'd practiced all week. She marveled at how music affected people, sometimes taking the shyest people and turning them into dancing machines. Her heart would pound dangerously when everything seemed to click and she knew she had something good. At least that's what Ella always told them. She smiled and thanked them and finally plopped on a stool. He laughed. She turned back to him. She rolled her eyes, finished her water and ran to the bathroom. He never failed to show up during at least one of her sets. Erik passed out cold drinks to all four of them and beamed proudly at his sister. She rushed out in the hall as she heard her brother yell and more loud pops. The world paused and she was powerless to start it again. I have not given up on them and I may even update them while I work on this story, but I've been trying to force myself to write for them and I don't think that's fair to the characters. Being in year eleven was hard, with the constant exams and the bucket loads of home work that she barely ever finished on the due date. The black clothing cluttered with chains was enough to scare most people. No one liked them, and since they always wore black - Marie not included - they were notified as such: the Goths. Maths was her worst enemy; she didn't have any friends in that class and she got bullied a fair bit but she was able to handle it for a little while at least. Celia in particular. Celia's cheeks burned red in anger and she stormed to the back of the class where she sat down at a vacant seat and glared at the chalk board. Even though she was deathly afraid of them, she was also fascinated by them. There was loud screaming as year eights came running through the courtyard with Karen on their heels; she slid to a stop beside Celia. They had to go left and unfortunately, Celia had to head in the opposite direction. Not even Marie and Karen have the luxuries I do, I wish they did, they deserve it more. A black Aston Martin Vanquish V12 sitting in the driveway. She didn't have much in her room, just a double bed with black sheets, a computer in the corner, a very advanced stereo, a big cupboard and a table that she had dragon statues placed on. Celia went over to her computer and switched it on; she started playing a game called The Hunt which was basically a strategy game with monsters and things that didn't exist. Even on my parents pay they couldn't afford that house. It looked stunning, it was backless and strapless and it clung to her thighs and hips which made her look like quite appealing. Not being quite used to heels, the resounding impact of the door into her chest sent her reeling back; arms wind-milling as an instantaneous reaction. Eyes of hypnotic blue that seemed to glow stayed locked on hers as she surveyed him thoroughly; the proud cheek bones, strong jaw line, dramatic slashing brows and full, kissable lips were the centre of her attention until they tilted up into a smirk. Celia was almost star-struck as she continued to his chest where a black turtle-neck jumper hugged his physique and then to the black trench coat which completed the ensemble. How strange. Vince was looking at her. If he knew me he wouldn't have bothered. He had said that he was seventeen years old but he looked to be in his twenties at the most! That's just weird. She had absolutely no intention of walking with him. Without another minute she ran down the stairs and out of the house to see him standing by her gate. It was freaky enough being this close to him. Football…she hated football! At one point Celia had the ball and was running towards their goal and out of nowhere he appeared and tripped her, actually lowering her to the ground and then running away with the ball and scored. By instinct she looked up and saw Vince. Despite her pain, her cheeks flushed with colour as she noted he was supporting her against his thigh. As she watched, blood began to seep slowly from the wound down her hip. Where was the logic in that? Disappointment welled inside her that it wasn't a particular dark-haired male but she quickly brushed it aside. There were always men around that were looking for unwillingly prey. The two in front of her turned and saw her. It frightened her. Her protector took a step forward and the offenders took off, disappearing into the darkness without a sound. Even with his warmth and solidness at her back, accompanied by the arms wrapped around her waist, it did nothing to stop the chill going through her veins as she saw the lone figure standing on the path just metres away. Once he caught her eye again he smiled and inclined his head, disappearing into the darkness. She winced as he managed to crunch a few gears, and jumped as he released an agitated sigh and swerved into the nearest car park, pulling up the handbrake switching off the engine the movement the car was in neutral. Not even her Mythology teacher knew so much about them. *****Thanks for reading! His blood coursing through her veins would save her life. The cotton softness of her pink nightgown offered a strange sort of comfort, reminding him that even in laughter, or even within the safety of Christ's sheepfold, one's heart could struggle against the weight of life's tribulations. Despite all circumstances, the world kept on spinning along with his watch hands, which told him he'd barely enough time ready himself for school. How could he leave with so much work to be done- scrubbing and washing and organizing, eradicating every trace of the infernal bacteria that had found its way into Allison's wound? Or was God even paying attention anymore? Morning jogs, coffee dates and business meetings all persisted while suffering souls sat by the wayside. Dan hadn't found it funny…but he'd smirked when he'd caught his father's indignant glare. Too busy to seriously intervene in Allie's life, to persuade their parents to seek help. God was simply whipping his butt back into gear, shaking him awake, showing him more pointedly where he'd gone wrong, and in the end He'd work a miracle in his siblings' lives. Yet. Get a hold of yourself. The doctor wouldn't have released her to a nurse's care at home if she hadn't improved. Move, Dan. Either they'd view him as being  or they'd mock him for trying to earn their attention with his coolness. Judging from Allie's frail condition, she was in for more than one round of this fight. He may as well have been riding through the gardens back at the mansion, because the neighborhood was so chockfull of beautifully maintained yards. She'd stopped eating all but a small salad at dinner, and sometimes he couldn't even coax her into eating that. For the first time in their lives, she wasn't talking. A balled-up piece of paper that most likely bore a nasty, little message stared up at her. OK, maybe not that overboard, but a good slap across the face would suffice, wouldn't it? Happy, happy, joy, joy. Not only was it weird, but it reminded her of the nightmare known as her bedroom. Only his appearance would shut up the snickers and stop the balled-up papers from being tossed at her. Teacher needed to arrive immediately. Each person following the lead of the most ignorant one. Finally, someone to distract all these dingbats while Bekah plotted her next course of action- if there was to be one. It wasn't as though this school had never seen a hot, young teacher before- one that sent all the dimwits into school-girl banter and fainting spells. And after this morning's pain-in-the-butt fiasco, nothing would be nicer than a mind-numbing dose of caffeine. Mommy Dear would probably be working late, anyway. Taking candy from strangers wasn't a good idea and everyone knew that any guy who offered sweets too early in a relationship was after 'one thing. She could barely wait to see the look on this naïve, young dude's face when the big oafs in this room finally decided to start harassing the new teacher. She wasn't exactly sure who was sitting there, but she was sure it was a 'he,' because she'd heard him cackling along with the others. Judging by the way his shoes scuffed across the floor as he retreated, there was no spring in his step to match the cheerfulness she'd heard in his voice only moments before. As he should have been. Just enjoy and feel free to point out errors. But when you see where I'm coming from, they make perfect sense. My older sister Miranda flipped out on her boyfriend a lot – before he became her boyfriend. I, however, could care less about Valentine's Day, and since my parents and older sister weren't even in the house this morning, I didn't have to worry about empty wishes either. The third part, however, was a bit delayed. Now his blatant disregard for the safety of others was in itself annoying, but the loud music, rolled-down window, only-one-hand-on-the-steering-wheel posture was enough to tip me over the edge. Like, right next to me. I didn't have to explain myself. It was a very attractive sight. We were a lot alike, and this was the kind of situation in which I wish we weren't. It matched his dark hair very nicely. And the fact that he was attractive didn't help my weakening resolve. My widened eyes stared into his chocolate brown ones. Now I understood why Trey was so comfortable even in his sleeveless top. Even my sister had to be forcefully dumped into her boyfriend's car when he first asked to take her out. I could not just tell Trey where I lived. I was confused. And then, I spoke. Trey laughed. Which is funny, because just a few hours ago, I could care less about the day. Trey nodded slowly. How rude of me. A minute later, I tried again. In the cold. I cringed. While she would do her best to retain her high-and-mighty attitude, I tended to just deflate when crushed. What boyfriend? Now I felt like the epitome of horrible. Why the heck did he care so much? But I would never say that aloud. Strange. I looked at it. Something about Trey that made me think that this was something worth pursuing. Trey didn't move either. I hadn't even noticed that his hand was now lightly resting on mine, but it didn't feel out of place. It's over. Be disappointed? It hurt. SLASH! Its persistence in my brain should see to that. This had better be important, he thought to himself in frustration as he grabbed his robe from its spot over the back of the computer chair in his rather large bedroom and made his way to the spiral staircase. So, he thought in his daze, it's to be a robbery, then. The man with the gun, presumably their leader, grabbed his chin and forced him to look back at him. But, instead of exploding and shooting Adrien on the spot, the leader looked behind him and two more men stepped up. It didn't. Just as he was on the verge of slipping into unconsciousness, the man with the gun returned and pushed his two brutes aside so that he could take a real good look at Adrien. We will keep readers posted on developments in the case. It must be horrible, Glenn thought, to be such an asshole that nobody cares that you died. Throughout the time he had spent as the Trevors' servant, Glenn had noted that the family fought often, and when they weren't fighting, they were ignoring each other completely. Who knew that one could get tired when they were dead? He turned around quickly…and came face to face with a pale, almost childlike woman, with large blue eyes and a head full of angelic, platinum curls. he managed. A look of confusion crossed her features and she seemed to be replying. Was this hell? he realized the stupidity in the statement and shook his head to rid it of the comment. Regret began bubbling inside of him. A thought suddenly occurred to him, and he chose to voice it. To the observer I must have looked like I was partaking in some kind of crane-imitation dance act. But then it was Jessica's style to go over the top on something, so I shouldn't have been surprised. Never mind whether I was actually ready to do the moving on bit; they had decided so apparently I had no choice. I was still mad that I'd been removed from the peace and quiet of my lilo. She had always been a conservative dresser, particularly compared to today's generation's spend-more-for-less-material approach to fashion, but this time it seemed she was taking wallflower to whole new limits. swimsuit. something. So that people didn't have to watch me being gloomy! Very annoying and unfair. It meant that I didn't actually have to hear individual words. I stared at my bag, but couldn't quite bring myself to reach out again, and kept my arms folded around my knees. Well, no need to surprise them . But I had been. And yet the temptation remained. And it was probably time to repaint my toes. scowling at me? I was just sitting there. I wasn't going to make this easy. he said, turning round and cupping his hands around his mouth. I sighed and balanced my chin on my hand. . I wrinkled my nose, which only seemed to amuse him. Well, my brewing anger had certainly warmed me up, but there was no way in hell I was taking off my jacket. His dark eyes looked almost black and the hard way his eyes were fixed on mine was incredibly disconcerting. This was one of the reasons I loved her so. It wasn't like he could infect me with bad manners through the silhouette. Now they'd never leave. I think that was my prerogative, actually. Why did he have to mention divesting clothes? I sighed as images I'd been trying not to bring up flashed across my consciousness. I wasn't in loads of clubs or anything, nor was I especially popular, but I had a good group of friends, I had good grades, I had fun and worked hard and ate a lot and played a lot (and very occasionally had to cut school to do so… very occasionally). It didn't exactly bring up any pleasant feelings, but it was quite tiring being angry all the time. Instead, desecrating his shoes had made me irresistible. And he made me really really happy. At least at this distance no one would be able to spot my reddening cheeks. Damn it. Too busy fighting the waves to curse, I kicked and paddled and occasionally accidentally swallowed salt water and tried not to gag from the taste. I tried to concentrate on regulating my breathing before trying again, but it was a battle I was losing. I thought mournfully of the rubber ring I'd discarded. Was that someone taking a photo? Time to get a spade and dig that hole. It must have been an attractive sight as I curled over on my knees and dry heaved, desperately trying to combat the nausea and dizziness. I felt a deft pair of hands briefly feel my legs and arms and I peered under my eyelids to see Will leaning over me, checking my pulse which couldn't have been anything but racing. Bastard. As the others spoke over me, he never removed his eyes from my face. Mike eventually turned to face me, looking even more apologetic than Carter had before I'd gone into the water. It was Nina, surprisingly, who broke the silence. Her smile was protective in nature, and I smiled back to reassure her. This way he-who-shall-not-be-mentioned would have no excuse to come over and insult me again. Through bleary eyes I took stock of the brunette, and felt vaguely pleased that Jessica had come back to keep me company, before I was dozing off again. . Not that he took the hint. He wasn't scowling, but that didn't necessarily mean anything. I looked up at the sun, but came to the quick conclusion that I had no idea about the movement of the sun in relation to time. After a short pause he began again. If we were partially sighted. I watched as played with them, waiting until he thought of something to say. His expressions were more interesting and much easier to read without them on. yeah it must have been the pain. All I could really think to say was , and then a hush ensued. Nina was nowhere in sight, but it was doubtful that she had made my stupid mistake of floating out to sea, so I wasn't concerned. I say joined, but really they just crouched in the sand beside her, fascinated. But apparently it was still obvious. Which was in part what had made me so angry. This was important. Just fed up. Good to know. No piercings, good, I'd always hated that about Nick, one of the very few things I'd disliked about him, until the whole cheating pregnancy thing of course. Yeah, his lips would probably look pretty good on mine, and if I didn't get to cop a feel of his chest which I had been steadfastly ignoring since the moment he'd walked up to me, I'd probably go insane. Really good. In a good way. Everyone looked confused, apart from Jessica who was grinning from ear to ear. Will chuckled quietly and quickly kissed the end of my nose, which did not go unnoticed by the rest of the group. Jessica was grinning slyly, as usual. I tried to make it a longer one-shot to make up for the time it's taken me to post something. Does he tell me? No. How could he be so heartless? I knew that. Evil bastards, every one of them. I should have known he was a cross-dresser. Ha! You didn't tell me. Where the fuck is my underwear"? Is he wearing them"? I'm a detective. he panted. My God, it hadn't been a dream. I knew I was blushing now. My breasts against his chest and his member against my juncture. He knew. I only spent the night having x-rated fantasies. We were on fire. He had fallen asleep. The word rebound came into my mind. Maybe all it was to him was good sex. I hope so. Flawless Storm. This time, I didn't deserve it. She knew better too. What a fucking bitch. . I drove home blaring my music, fuming about my best friend and my bitch of a sister. Best friend stealer. A. Bitch. Fuck. God I really am pathetic. . What am I going to do? I just didn't see it coming. Ugh. I wasn't too bothered about this; he was Tyler's best friend, not mine. Guys weren't really my thing so I wasn't jealous or angry. I didn't really care what I did now, I had lost all my dignity when I realised I was wearing my Cheeky Monkey pyjama shorts and my brother's old ratty t-shirt. I stood there like a fish; opening and closing my mouth. The only single people there were Tommy (as far as I had known) and I. My brother had a girlfriend from school that had been sick for the past week; Tyler had just stopped complaining about how much he missed her. I sat down at the table in front of our lane and dug in to the chips. he added putting his hands up in defence. He really thought he was doing well. I have to say I found it funny but embarrassing too. Tyler had used my full name which meant he was angry. They were perfect for each other. I giggled. My parents were a little bipolar. I wasn't much of a bag stealer. (Probably because I was school-girl) I smiled at him before munching on another spoonful of Coco Pops. I placed my forearms on the top and leaned forward. If he wanted to be like that, fine. I waggled my fingers at him. They were already half asleep. I was starving and my poor stomach was making sure I knew that. I squinted my eyes in the dark and saw someone getting up from the couch. I slapped him on his arm when he was close to me. he cried covering his eyes. I shook my head and let it go. I swallowed. My, my, my, did he have a good body. For a moment I thought he had noticed me staring at his body. My back was facing him so he couldn't see my cheeks flare red. Well, I saw his outline in the dark. It was hard not to develop a small crush on him; especially when he was so cute and he loved talking about things other than sports. I rolled my eyes at Tommy who grinned back at me. He need bottled water. We, unlike some families, liked our family time. Tommy was standing right there, with his top off, grinning down at me. Tommy made no attempt to move. I bent down and picked up the bottle. I frowned then glared. It was pure bliss. I put my arms around his neck and pressed my lips against his. I heard Amber laughing and pulling him away while he was still cursing like a sailor. Coco Pops (the cereal). Thanks for all of your support! The relationship has been rocky for a while. The money she claims is stolen never existed in the first place. Neighbour and Sister come from a very religious family. He thought she would be better off without her husband. Did she kill her husband? I've been filling in notebooks with them for over five years. Every day, the moment I get home from school, I scan through the Internet and newspapers for any crimes that have happened recently and try to solve them on my own. I am very rarely wrong, and if I am, it's usually because of the lack of evidence or information I have been able to get. But I'm not going to start writing about that right now. ' So maybe I will give it a go. They are so imprecise, open to interpretations, a weak attempt at communication. So with determination and logic, you'll solve the problem eventually. Without them, we are safe. It's been a long time since I felt like that. He's talking about some teenagers that recently decided to plague the park opposite our house. But both of us are fine with being alone. He says all sorts of things about them - even stupid things like how he is sure one of them peed on number 2's door. Twice. Detectives have to be. I haven't been close enough to see properly, but his eyes appear to be a very sharp, piercing green. For a moment I felt stunned, no, paralysed - trapped under his gaze, like he was a frog and I was a fly, and he had jabbed out his tongue and snapped me, but didn't give me the mercy of eating me straight away, instead just kept me hanging there. I'm not one to like people. ' I just choose not to. The lines have long since blurred between talking to me and talking to himself. I almost forgot. The thing is though, I'm clever and I getthings at school; I can write, if I need to say something; I don't really need that kind of help. And then there will be lies. I'm doing absolutely fine without their help. And that's about it. In fact, we probably have more cats living here than people. All of us are just suffocating in a balloon, our lives consisting only of the journey to work and back home. Just like always. Voices of teens protested something, screaming abuse, and other male voices intervening. Father was standing right in the middle of it all, watching, or rather, commanding everything. I caught sight of dad and could see he was just praying for them to find something. A policeman looked at him questioningly, but he just shrugged, like everyone in the world carries around lampshades. Concealed in his coat was a bag of meth. The man with the drugs was pinned down and forced into handcuffs. Details are in the next chapter! The rest of the story is much better than this and if you find the prologue uninteresting I understand you wanting to skip it and move on to chapter 1, things in this will be explained throughout the story as well. No Stealing! . People expected a natural disaster, Global Warming, or terrorism. The human race learned something important very quickly; they weren't alone in this world. And surprisingly they didn't prove themselves in a good way. While the unwilling ones preferred to stay hidden and not put themselves in danger from the human paranoia of. If the person was lucky to have a basement, they usually slept and sometimes lived down there. Because of these murders it caused their families to want to seek revenge. The sky burned red like blood;the land looked dead without the green that normal grew. There is no turning back, not anymore. And the non-humans wouldn't change their opinions on what they thought should happen. Reluctantly the humans agreed as long as the paranormal creatures agreed to the laws they were going to make. But the did not agree to share the details on the weakness or ways to kill those among them because it would cause more unwanted, unneeded murder. . No Steeling! The rest of the story has more deep. Future chapters will have violence language, and mature behavior. Brad Foster grinned at all the females that walked past him, giving all of them looks that had 'Fuck me' written all over their faces. It was because he wasn't good with picking up chicks. He could get any girl, or guy (but he didn't swing that way) he wanted. Victor was about to witness Brad show his womanizing skills. he spun on his heel in search of his victim. Victor had his jaw to the ground and Aaron had a smug look on his face, and Brad showed Victor the piece of paper that had her number on it. Victor only licked his bottom lip when he was in deep concentration, or when he was thinking of a really good idea. One time, when he was in year 11, he streaked across his school for $100. But he never backed down from a challenge. But hey, review and maybe it'll get better. That serves as both a promise and a warning, methinks. I've already had one problem with plagiarism that I handled with all the cool, level-headed reserve of a wombat in heat. . Maybe they'll get about 4 feet when the tide come in, but nothing spectacular. Two months into school and he was already a nervous wreck. Ya see that picture next to the definition? He was happy, as he always insisted, and wasn't about to change for anyone. Brent, Mikey's latest obsession, was sun bathing a few feet from us. He'd tell me if something was up. Oh yeah, did I mention that Mikey's a huge baseball fan? . So I haven't told him. So far, he's doing pretty well. okay, so I don't really know what would happen then, but it'd be bad. . Yeah, there Brent was, looking at Mikey and giving him a worried frown. So it'd be easy, right? And for reasons completely not my fault, each job ended before its time. I wasn't sad to see that job go, and I'd told Mary the stories. Still, my off-and-on paychecks made it a little hard to pay the bills. I could walk to work by simply ducking through a loose board in the fence. Ah, rich people. And I must have read it right, because Mr. Davenport gave me a satisfied nod and gestured toward the doorway. I turned, and that's when I got my first look at my new 'student'. He never buys anything, it's like he comes in here to get on my nerves or something. He's going to do it all along the shelves in the entire store, I know, and then he's not going to put it back. It would be wrong to encourage the behaviour of someone who is clearly heading down the road to insanity. I really can't wipe the girl out of Daria from my mind. Do they not listen to the roll or pay any attention to anyone? But he did drop that pig just before he left, what section was he in again? Do I really have to listen to you go on for an hour and a half? But not to be a jerk or anything, but she never tells me anything I don't know. I can't read it. She does all her notes, all her work before they're due and always gets an 'A'. I guess they noticed me staring at him or something. He kind of tilts his head and smiles at me, lifting a hand in greeting. It seems like she's been going on for ages and she was late for class, too, which means she's going to keep us in so she can 'finish what she's saying' why does this have to happen to me? I'm so bored. He was totally ignorable if you tried really hard. Have you considered that I don't go in there to buy something? He doesn't even know me, and I'm not pretty enough for him to be lusting over me and even if I were, do I really want that kind of attention from a guy that goes around playing with plastic pigs? I drop my head into my hands and watch his fingers sift through his hair, smothering the mess his friends created. He's so tiny and his hair is so out of proportion. Her mother's going to kill me. And I know it's kind of stupid for me to be mad, it's not like we're suddenly friends because of a few brief interactions. Bridey wants to know. Who else am I supposed to talk to? I could call Dierdre and Peppy on their home phones but their thirteen year old little siblings are going out with each other and the line's always busy. Maybe Bridey will have finished her homework by then. They're a different colour…they're many different colours. Rachel Berry's eyes are sitting in front of me, and then one winks. I would have to clean that up, but oh wait – the whole place has been squished. Does he think this is Hogwarts? Like does he really have to look at me like that? It's like I've been transported into my bedroom, oh no, is this going to turn into a weird sex thing? Do you? They're even mocking me for it; they should feel ashamed of themselves. White blonde hair bouncing, feet skipping, pink lips twisted into a giant smile, his friends' heads thrown back in laughter. And why does he know how I like it? I've seen him walk into the store quite a few times with them on. I look to Lewis, who's waving enthusiastically back, in confusion. And he even looks super adorable, like really truly – he's dressed up in something I think his nanna must have made for him and those stupid baggy pants – it's a bright yellow knitted jumper with a duck 'falling down' the sleeve. Why is he always running away? I'm obviously missing something. Only to have it shoved in his face when he finally worked up the courage. I kept his spaghetti in the freezer. I don't know why I'm giving him all these unnecessary details. And instead he's laughing his blonde head right off his skinny neck? He holds the container to his chest. I feel his arms wrap around me, my heart going so fast, and tighten my grip around his neck. I hope you enjoyed. The last Angel was dying and The Devil stood and watched. He smirked as he knelt beside her. The blood in her mouth was thick and rolling down the corners of her lips. It burned, just as her skin did. He growled. She only stared up at him with her watery eyes. His cool breath fanned her face and she closed her eyes. At first he was appalled, but before he could do anything about it something warm instead of burning wrapped up his senses. Everything in his mind was telling him to stop, to kill her, but she was so warm. He wanted and needed more. She was gone. Enjoy. I myself had given the answer that I go running sometimes, which was true, but I certainly didn't spend a long time doing it and I certainly didn't enjoy it. Despite the fact that he was easily the best player on the team, he always passed to his teammates and told them countless  and  after each game and each attempt at a shot. But I always got picked first. As a fourteen year old girl, I never stood a fighting chance. My heart was pounding against my ribcage, and the pen I was holding as I was signing Amy's yearbook was actually shaking in my hand. Man, my mother definitely was not kidding when she gave me a pep talk about how being fourteen meant that people were often going through one of the most awkward stages of their lives. Rather than bask in the attention, however, Tyler had developed a tremendous respect and a protective attitude towards his family. He won my dad over mostly by bringing me home at least 15 minutes before my 9:00 pm curfew whenever we hung out. It was incredible how such a simple thing made me so happy. I could simply laugh at his face and pass the moment off, but I had felt like I could've told him months ago. But even so, the only person who knew whether or not I was really in love was me. And it didn't help that Tyler was so friendly with everyone around him. She went to all of Tyler's games because her brother Brian was Tyler's best friend, and she was always talking to him. He only caught up with me later by the bus stop and apologized for having been caught up in a conversation after school and not noticing the time. He was definitely the golden boy of our school and our town, and Yale University swooped him up. He had done it by bringing me to the soccer field, where he and his teammates stood in a line and proceeded to strip off their shorts one by one until their boxers spelled out a full sentence that asked me to go to prom with him. He seemed to be thinking carefully before getting his next words out, because it took a while before he spoke again. My voice was cracking. At my silence, Tyler spoke again, but this time, his voice was softer, and more vulnerable. The jealousy I hadn't felt since junior year of high school came up again, and I saw a jealous side in Tyler toward my guy friends at UCSD that I was definitely not used to. He came and tested me on biology before exams and took me to watch romantic comedies when I gave in to my weakness for them. Maybe ninety-nine percent of high school couples don't make it when they go to different colleges, but we were both determined to be the one percent that did. The strip club wasn't in the most reputable of areas, making the switchblade in his pocket a comforting weight. No one was at the toll booth this late at night, so he slipped his token into the slot of one of the turnstiles, its clunking loud in the empty station. One of the only perks riding the rails this time of the night. By the time he was knocking on the apartment door, he was only slightly winded—stripping kept him in very good shape. He grinned sleepily, yawning. Maybe one day he'd find out, but he wasn't going to ask. As long as Brynn was happy, Siarl was happy, no matter what jobs he had to do. First a shower, then food, then bed…and in the morning, his routine would begin again. -. Afterwards, Siarl led him out to the kitchen for breakfast, sometimes cereal, sometimes pancakes. He rarely ate in the morning. Smiling, Siarl dried him off and ruffled his hair. He lived in constant fear of someone coming along and kidnapping him, even when inside. It was a brief reprieve in his otherwise hectic life. They were both young, and Siarl promised to still be there to help raise their son. She knew exactly who it was from, but neither she nor Siarl ever discussed it. -. Not to mention it kept him in shape, and being healthy was always a plus. Or any friend, really, other than Mrs. Murphy. Perfect. But he was often assured that without his presence, everything would go to Hell. How he came by it wasn't all that important. He imagined that if his day consisted of something more than running errands for his coworkers, he might find it a bit more exciting. Not keen on meeting anyone new at the moment, Siarl continued his hurried walk to the subway station. But really, he couldn't afford it at the moment; he would just have to wait until his Christmas bonus or something. She answered almost immediately, beaming as brightly as ever. she added, amusement warming her face. The Debutante will later be edited to reflect these changes, and I apologize for the trouble. Her father was always polite, but his presence always conquered the room. He tried to blame his wife, who was always mucking things up, but he still felt pretty wretched. He was already dreading the day when he would have to hand her over to some man for marriage. It wouldn`t do well for her to grow up with that idea planted in her head. And he couldn`t just very well blame his dear wife, who was always talking about marrying Olivia off to some grand lord. Her bodice barely covered the tops of her breasts and revealed a wide expanse of creamy, white skin. If his daughter squeezed any harder, his son was going to be the viscount by morning. It pained him every time to see her cry. Her gaze softened and he sighed. It was certainly a challenge for him to make her his wife, but he loved every moment of those days. she said as she prodded his chest with her finger. In fact, he considered himself the happiest man in England. She had never been fond of flowers, especially roses, as they always made her sneeze something horrible. The thought of having to breathe in pollen and the sticky, sweet scent of roses tickled her nose. Her voice rose with her next words. Although the minimum was a year, ladies of her age and station were expected to wait a little longer before venturing out in society. Now you`ll be able to marry your duke. For the first time since she was little, she dared to hope that she would become a duchess. As she grew older, she began to doubt and wonder if she was aiming too high. Only juniors and seniors were picked; the stress would probably kill anyone younger. Apparently Claire is the one who was about to win the prize, so to speak, while Miranda is the one who's onstage wishing I had bid on her. Sure, no one's really sure of his sexuality, but I've heard whispers that he's gay, and if he doesn't want to date me, that's just sad. But that also seems kind of heartless, and I'm not that type of guy. Sure, there are hot guys out there, but, well, it's never seemed that appealing to actually get with one of them. Especially with the way he's penetratingly staring at me. . He bites his lip and barely manages to hide a note of something like fear. Now I won't have the added task of turning him gay so I can carry out the bet. Maybe I should have told him it was a bet and then just asked him to play along. This really isn't starting off as the most honest relationship. What do guys do on dates? Quickly, I try to set a time for our date so I can leave. he mumbles when I raise an eyebrow. I'm relieved to find that, as his hand rests on mine, it's just as sweaty as mine. Take down a fucking autographed Michael Jordon jersey in exchange for a picture of some guy who spends too much time in the gym trying to force himself to have a flawless six pack? Save the intimate getting to know each other for when you're dating. Especially when she was so different from that girl I used to know. right? I just didn't know what to expect. Was this even my Miranda? Yet something made me shrink back. Not something I had planned on. I told her I didn't feel the same way about her. She also became the first person I ever told about my bisexuality. But instead of bidding on the girl who obviously wants in my pants, I dished out ninety bucks for a date with a guy I don't know. Oh, life. . Yeah. I smiled to myself. I need to see Sam if he's here. Seeing where they fit. "What, um. Point me in the right direction. Well, never mind that". Seemed like a good start. I was not supposed to get kidnapped by a lunatic of a prince! It is also a place of fairy tales, the kind that someone read to you as a child, like Repunzal or Sleeping Beauty. Idiot. . His jaw had locked in the closed position. The man put them on, leaving the top unbuttoned. He was at least six inches taller with chromium oxide green eyes set in the rose-milk complexion of a renaissance portrait. The man's lips parted, just a breath as he leaned in. He would never admit that out loud, though. Tomorrow fought against it, refusing to be coaxed into Soren's mad world. Then he remembered. Through the windows, Tomorrow could see a person-sized bundle. Soren inched closer, draping the comforter over Tomorrow's shoulders. It had nothing to do with Soren being tall and gorgeous and shirtless. He made up for it by scowling at Soren. Tomorrow stepped from one to another, working out the best path to take him to the brook. Apart from the occasional hiker, it was perfect. They blundered through the trees, cursing as the branches scratched them. He turned around and started back. Tomorrow could afford a new one, but that meant dealing with salesmen and he'd rather die in a fiery crash. Tomorrow parked in front of the IGA, the truck shuddering to a halt with a gigantic shriek. Instead he dropped the bags in the hallway and walked upstairs to the bathroom. It kept floating up, though so he had to keep one hand on top of it. He sank lower, closing his eyes. He could tell already. He seemed to regard Tomorrow as his personal teddy bear. After a minute, Tomorrow placed a hand on Soren's chest. Still half-asleep, he stumbled downstairs to the kitchen. Soren might act like an overactive guppy, but he could bake. For Tomorrow, it was lightening storms. He laughed as the wind tore past, tossing his hair wildly. He didn't resist as Soren pulled off his shirt, tossing it aside and resuming his gentle assault. He was never quite sane during a thunderstorm. Tomorrow swallowed hard. Tomorrow counted to ten, then walked to the door. When they landed on Tomorrow, there was a flash of cold malice. The features were slightly off and he was sure that Soren never looked so serious in his life, but it was definitely him. He paused outside the living room door. Soren offered to stay up with him, but Tomorrow sent him to bed. Probably thought he was paying his bill. There was really one person he ever called. Tomorrow waited until he heard the door close, then sprinted after him. Tomorrow ignored them easily. Broad-shouldered and blonde, he looked like a Viking lost in time. Maybe he drowned himself in the toilet. Soren stood in the center of the mess, defiant, hair soaped into a mohawk, soaking wet. In the morning, they were bleary-eyed and stiff. Sweat poured out of his palms, slicking the cover of ledger. Tomorrow would have voted for her. The bag hit Tomorrow in the chest. There was more cash then he had even seen in his life. The gun returned to its position at his temple. He desperately tried not to wet his pants. He dropped to the sound of his sister screaming. Love was curled up in the chair next to him. He left after fifteen minutes, driven to the brink of insanity. He started to paint. He picked up a canister of turpentine, then set it down again. It was considerably taller than Tomorrow's image and had green eyes. Unfortunately, there was a wall. He opened his mouth, sucking on Soren's lower lip before giving it a sharp bite. He pulled Tomorrow upright, dragging him towards the stairs. Ten points to anyone who can identify them. Lisa seemed to think so. Ivory Coast is not the kind of place you would bring your family. Five days ago we finally got away (I think our captors were losing interest), so now here we were, alone and friendless in an African nation where no one spoke English and sticking out like a flock of white sheep amongst the blacks. We had hoped to sneak aboard and steal it – me and Lisa knew enough about sailing to do it, we hoped – but little did we know that the owner was aboard. I suppose I was just trying to make myself feel less guilty. Other than that, I can't imagine how I must have looked. . . The man owned a pretty good-sized yacht – he probably wasn't stupid. I wondered if he might be stealing this boat exactly how we'd been planning to. and certainly not around here, they weren't. I'd probably live. I almost – almost, mind you – wanted to get it over with right away, so at least I wouldn't have to deal with not knowing when it was coming. He set me to work on the winch to hoist the sail up. Like that was really going to do me any good. Especially for a bunch of blonde kids like us. It's civilized. Maybe I would come out of this with a shred of dignity. A lot. I probably wouldn't have been able to keep anything down anyway. Again, I tried not to think about it. He closed the door behind me. do whatever it was he wanted to do with me. My sisters and I hadn't bathed in weeks. I didn't look for long. But all I could do was stand there and let him gawk at me. It came halfway down to my knees, so that was relief anyway. Jumped out of my skin, probably. But it was damn sure better than sharing a bed with him. . Still bad, but not quite as bad. The pants were way too big, of course, and I had no underwear, but they'd do. I asked. I went up on deck. Everything was white and bright and it actually hurt my eyes. I couldn't make out his features at all – his face and hands and legs were just solid black shapes in all the whiteness. Is it just because they can afford it? He was at the bow again, tying down the anchor with rope. prostitute myself. I couldn't stand how Lisa kept looking at me, so I went back to his cabin just to get out of her sight. . He probably had no idea how much that pissed me off. He could barely get a moustache to come in, even now. He sat on the end of the bed and stared at me. He hadn't noticed me watching him in the mirror. which was more than a little frightening, since I knew what he wanted to do with it. It all felt strange enough that I dared to glance at his face, just to see if I could get a clue what was going on. . Like he'd just woken up from a dream or something. . . I guess they must be really good chocolate donuts. That thing would've done real damage, I swear it was moving as fast as a bullet. I retrieved the line, and my hat, and fixed it up like he'd shown me earlier. I think it has to do with seeing the horizon swinging up and down all the time; it's disorienting. It seemed to me like I was laying there forever, but I guess I fell asleep at some point, because next thing I know, it's night. Sno could only be topside, so I made up my mind to stay below. It seemed like he'd been all gung-ho to screw me at first, but now he was saying he wanted to 'savor' it, supposedly because he'd never get another chance. other things, not my damn hair. I gathered up my courage and went up on deck. Actually, like I said, I'd learned not to look for it, so I really didn't know. I asked. Five years before! It was hard to match these two things up in my mind. but I couldn't think of a way to ask. To be continnued. she asked, finding a pen. he read out loud. she complained. Christine asked, looking worried. His name was displayed at the top-left corner, beside a gold outline of what was unmistakably a bus. A/N:  directly translate to  in Hindi; it is commonly used as a form of  or . there is at least one or two more stories to go in this 'series' (I use the term loosely). I will most likely be putting it up tomorrow (Thursday) or Friday. Longest oneshot ever by me, btw! But more simple than complicated. Right? OK, so she does, but it's only very, very, very rarely. I just say we annoy the heck out of each other. (A lot of people knew it, can't you tell? ! It's like I'm some charity case! ) - to get her some pineapples you don't reply, 'I'm kind of busy watching my nails dry', because your sarcasm will go to waste and you'll end up with a bottle thrown to your head with a string of curses to accompany it. You know, run out in their PJ's, coat, and converses. Ding, ding, ding! Those three words were key words to use in New York City, New Yoek. I grabbed another just in case. Jerkoff! It was only the face of Casey and her lunatic face that kept me from drooling in front of him. I nodded towards the banana in response. I muttered the last bit under my breath. Although, I could see from his face that he really wanted to say something. I wasn't going to stand for it. It wasn't long before she cracked. He was right, it was just right. The cab driver seemed to be battling with himself about who he should take. It was just not my day. Casey wrinkled her nose in disgust. Went to college, got married, had kids, grandchildren (my older brother's kids), seen the world and that was it. Corse you do! Don't boo at me! I finally looked towards Mr Law, who also took that moment to look up from what he was going. I picked up the pen and slipped it into my purse and put my purse in my coat pocket. I checked my bag. Don't ask. I smiled. Bad thing that is. I let off a string of curses. He seriously thought that. You would've never thought he was 25, or that he was a lawyer. I felt like I was in high school again. The doctor said that it sometimes happened and that brown would most probably be his eye colour for the rest of his life. It was so melodic I could've listened to him all day…or night…whichever. That being one of them. They managed to move the baby without having to operate or having an emergency c-section. Not to mention university. he cried out. That was something I needed. (Her name's Isabella, they named her sort of after me! Because I'm coming up with some rich down to earth, deep stuff. It was weird, I would've never imagined myself going out with a lawyer and yet here I was doing exactly that. I starred at the word 'books' written on my box for ages before I remembered. It was so unbelievable, so you wouldn't be surprised that I said the first thing that came to my head. It's me! :D Toodles! Enjoy! Simon, Jason's best friend, gets out of the car with a can of beer in his hand and takes one last drink before tossing it. Erika wolf whistles, trudging after me, kicking sand at the back of my legs as I take off my pants while still walking. I'm proved right when I come up for air and two hands wrap around my ankles, pulling me back under. The only time I like going outside in the summer is at night, when the weather has cooled down and the moon is offering as much light as possible. I'm a moon person and I like autumn and winter. Thump. Now I'm really on my own. I'm used to my father not having anything to say to me, but a simple 'be safe and don't forget to lock the door' would have been nice. It's surrounded by darkness and can't seem to provide enough light to rid itself of it. She had to admit, he looked good tonight. It honestly amazes me how the smartest girl in our class, could look like she had plenty of sleep. Always become best friends with someone who could bake. . But I know he can do it. It was finally the last class of the day, History. I had to go to work in the evening, and this is so not what I need right now. I slowly made my way to the detention room all the way at the end of the hall, making sure that Macie, Lola or Jay didn't see me. He seemed to make no eye contact whatsoever as I made my way to the seat beside him. He didn't really have his own social group, nor did he want one. I mean, a guy can't completely have no friends whatsoever can he? On the other hand, I wasn't making eye contact with him either. I mean, I've been in the same class as Wesley since the beginning of high school, but not once have I spoken to him. I was a real sucker for bright eyes, like Jayden's. He got up from his desk, getting the pencils from across the room. He wouldn't break his eye contact whatsoever which made me real uncomfortable. But for some reason, I was impressed. Too blah? . Now that Lauren was sure that Erik would play along appropriately she smiled back and pretended to sip from her own tea cup. Maybe he was mad that he had to push her, but she had asked him if it was okay on their way over. Erik leaned forward on his swing and looked her in the eyes. She probably should have taken her coat like her Mummy had suggested but she hadn't wanted to carry it. Lauren was very much aware of her pathetic attitude but couldn't help but check outside through the window again for the blue car she was expecting. It had taken her a long time to adjust to the distance between them. Lauren soaked in every detail, ignoring the gulf that had seemed to open up inside her chest when she thought about how different their lives were, how he seemed to become more distant and harder to keep close. He was also very much out of her reach. At home it was easy to ignore all these things, but when she visited him they became more and more apparent. Erik was everything she could ever want, and everyone else paled into comparison when she thought about him. If he went anywhere, on a holiday or even just a school trip, he would always bring back something for her. It was her automatic reaction now to keep from embarrassing herself. The faith that Erik expressed he had in her made her feel so warm inside and she blamed the heat in the room for the rise of colour in her cheeks. To end the uncomfortable silence Lauren asked a question that had been plaguing her mind for a while. She was much too preoccupied with Erik's behaviour and the lull in conversation. She felt her heart splinter a little and finally took a deep breath. Still, she had a feeling she wasn't going to like where this was going. All she knew was that despite the light shining in her room from her lamp, her world was very grey and bleak. She had received many compliments about her dress and her hair and even a couple about her eyes, all of which made her feel fantastic and happy. Lauren took one last look at Erik, before turning to watch the doors at the back of the church. Fran was an exquisite bride and she glowed beneath her veil, as every bride should on their wedding day. He was laughing and Lauren couldn't help but grin in reply, and then he was gone, married, a husband, and Fran's. She dipped another cotton bud in the nail varnish remover and scrubbed at her toe. She glared at the phone as she pressed the 'answer call' button. Erik's wife had left him. Lauren even remembered the faint pang in her heart when she's thought about Erik having children. What was genetics when you could have a family with Erik? She was much too exhausted to get up again. Not for the first time, Lauren's heart ached and she gripped the seat firmly in her hands to prevent them from reaching over and stroking his hair. Lauren leaned closer to him and spoke only loud enough to be heard over the blaring music. She managed three steps. Lauren had tried to convince him to wear a black shirt, she'd always loved him in black, but he had felt it would have looked like he was attending a funeral rather than a wedding. He'd been told she was hopping from one foot to the other in the house in her eagerness to walk down the aisle, so there was no chance her feet were getting even the slightest bit chilly. For the first time in his life he felt completely one hundred per cent sure about the choice he was making. She smiled prettily at her husband, one of Erik's groomsmen. Not once did she take her eyes from his. Plus it's really cringy. ) and then I expect you up here pronto with that beautiful little girl of yours, and you may bring your husband in tow if you really must. I admire you, my girl. And I imagine Clare would if she cared about these sorts of things. I told you she takes after me more than Paul. Let me know if you find out the sex, regardless I will begin planning your next baby shower immediately. I think someone's playing a very mean trick on us. It makes a HUGE difference to my motivation, as I'm sure any author on fictionpress could tell you. . Not that I'd know about that. That was enough of an answer. I checked my watch. Hell, especially not for myself. He still made my blood boil, in the best ways. He said some romantic crap about me having a delicate neck and looking fragile… whatever, it just stuck. Surely such a perfect little gift counted in that category. His bedding was all bright primary colors, but I preferred the green so I used it the most. Ty was almost too young to really play but Josh had really gone crazy in the pre-baby prepping. The Tylenol I'd been taking all day hadn't helped either. Yeah they've been married more than two years, but whatever. It's jsut the beginning, but feedback is greatly appreciated! And some will try to argue that every story has its end, too. In short, our story is a love story. It is the reason for living and the reason for dying. After those four words, our story begins to take a turn for the worse, a turn filled with danger, chances, betrayal, lust, deception, deceit, and, you guessed it, love. For eleven years the war raged on, and then, quite suddenly, it stopped. No one, not even their families, knew what had transpired in the war council that day between the two mighty rulers. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author. com. . She giggled as the touches turned a bit more demanding and rocked her body back and forth. Leaning forward in bed and being careful not to adjust her easy slumber, he planted a light kiss on her forehead. What a sham that had been! She had walked away with the closure she had desired from Jack, but returned to New York with a whole new world of heartache she hadn't exactly been prepared for. She never thought the day would come where she dreaded the sight of her former lover, but he had forced it upon her by sleeping with her only hours before proposing to his girlfriend, now fiancé. She smiled up in his angular face and was rewarded with a kiss on the lips full of promises. The day Lexi had been on the way to the store, Chyna had surprised her with the phone claiming it was a graduation present since Lexi absolutely abhorred the thought of mooching off of her best friend's exorbitant wealth. She groggily clicked on the message that claimed she had two missed calls. The only good thing about him calling was that it wasn't Jack. This time it was a text message and a preprogrammed ding filled the empty bedroom. She couldn't just leave him hanging like that and despite her better judgment, she phoned him. She couldn't believe that the taste of him could be so alive in her mind when he was thousands of miles away in Atlanta. She could not do this right now. The last thing she wanted to do was be reminded of her past right now. After all, another year had rolled around, and it was about time for him to try to ruin her life. Apparently, he hadn't been thinking about that or else her comments when leaving him behind had struck home. She didn't trust herself enough to not to go, and she knew that she would only make a fool of herself if she made the mistake of attending. He wanted her to go to a wedding that he didn't even want to attend. He had to know, if anyone knew, that there was no way she was going to be in attendance. How dare he ask her such a ridiculous request! She quickly swiped at her eyes hoping the effect of his words wouldn't show through on her face. She hadn't let one tear trickle down her face. After reassuring herself that her explosion hadn't drawn any unnecessary attention, Lexi placed the phone back on her ear. Those emotions had only intensified with time. She couldn't do it and nothing he said was going to make a difference. She had so many questions milling around inside of her head that she wasn't even certain she wanted answers. She was all about cutting the loose ends and moving on with her life, or she tried to keep telling herself that. She had never been sure if she could trust him, and here she was contemplating the question all over again. Lexi should have seen it coming from the beginning, because there was no way things could have worked out between them. She had learned her lesson. She circled around the island in the center of the room and moved to wrap her arms around the man in front of her. He turned off the stove, filled his own plate and moved to eat beside her. She had pulled one leg up to tuck underneath herself. She dug back into her food hoping to clear any lingering tension from her body with the amazing meal he had prepared for them. Yeah, that wouldn't exactly go over well. She should have guessed that from the extravagant breakfast, but it was always nice to hear. Snatching her purse up off the bed, Lexi kissed him one more time and then exited the apartment. The yellow car slowed to a stop and she fell into the backseat. She had been fortunate enough to have intern positions for the past two summers, and due to that good fortune, Lexi was even less concerned with finding a job. Luckily, she was supposed to be going out with Chyna all day for just such treatment. She knew that she had a spare keychain made for these such circumstances, but it didn't make it any better knowing her keys were out there for someone to take. The door creaked open about an inch and one of Chyna's emerald green eyes was visible. She flipped her hair over to one shoulder and pulled the door all the way to the wall. She took a seat and sighed heavily resting her head back against the plastic covering. Lexi asked glancing at the half-upturned carpet, strings of bamboo blinds, and other, more exaggerated, environmental pieces. They didn't typically talk about Jack, because it tended to bring up rather unpleasant memories…memories Lexi didn't like to dwell on. Chyna ventured. Lexi told Chyna reaching into her bag. Lexi said waving Chyna away. Lexi wandered down the hallway and into an empty guestroom to continue her conversation in peace. It was just when the lack of control started creeping in she couldn't handle it. It shouldn't matter to her whether Parker was going to be there or not. She could not go to Jack's wedding under any circumstances. She was too good at that to begin with. Her mind was telling her that she should tell him no, but she couldn't help that her heart was telling her otherwise. Both who she cared deeply for but in very different ways. No matter where they went, they couldn't help but ceaselessly be in a whirlwind always crossing that fine line between love and lust. It had to be more than coincidence that they had met up again in Atlanta. Even though she shouldn't, she missed him. Somehow, she had even managed to become a pretty good liar, a fact she wasn't exactly proud of. If he crashed back into her life so soon, she wasn't sure she'd have the will to walk out again. Maybe he was bluffing. she told him fiercely. A bond Lexi didn't much like since Bekah was the scum of the universe. And before I knew it I was looking up into two familiar, electric blue eyes, and then…SPLASH! Why did we have to have a pool? One of the things that most people take for granted, but not me, not any more. The jerk! ' How sad was that! Maybe he'd never understand the way of logical thinking. Obviously. Although I would rather get my brother back for being the one to drop me in the freezing water, Nikkye was definitely a good substitute. Milliseconds later he came up spluttering to the surface and glared at me. Yeah I know, do I need any more boys in my life? He's actually even a little more protective than Braythe if that's even remotely possible. Yeah, what did I say! Damn! Okay then…strange…very strange. I really don't like the smell. she continued,  She handed me a pair of jeans. She's the coolest Nan you could ever have. Yeah right! It definitely wasn't a mansion- and that's for sure. Oh well, you can't have everything. But that's Kenai. It was true. Yay, lucky me. It was Krystal Belle. Makes you want to gag really. He just stood there, looking bored. She was already dressed like one, with those short shorts that were riding up her arse and that boob tube that could barely hold her boobs in place. Okay, now I really need to pewk. I don't think so. Funny how those things happen. It's hard to explain. I though he was really good at that subject. JUST FRIENDS! Puh-lease. Wow…that was…unexpected. Not to mention just a little corny. In love for the first time in his life. For the first time in my life, I felt like I was losing my best friend. I would love to know what you think. Also, I welcome any all constructive criticism. On the other window bordering the door were school supplies and other office products showcased in a decorative display. He caught site of her outside the store, and waved to her, holding his hand in a signal that meant one moment. It had been over a week since the last time he'd spoken with her. However despite the separation, seven months later, something between lust and love still synapsed between the both of them. She refused to let herself slip back into the past. Her bustling hip swaying pushed her skirt tight against her back, the fabric perfectly outlining the seductive movement of her round, voluptuous bottom. Her slim waist curved nicely into her callipygous backside, and her breasts were a full, firm C-cup. The hall ways were adorned with children's artwork and colorful, educational posters. At the other side of the nearly room length desk another woman with a short blond bob sat handling the school phone. His bangs fell partially over his eyes, his persona appearing cold and withdrawn as always. Perhaps an ingrained feeling she had developed growing up from observing others react to the strange man. Unconsciously she gave a small smile; a defense mechanism, an ingrained automatic action to greet everyone kindly. She had just turned down Main Street, and thought nothing of the sound of an opening care door followed by smooth step-steps behind her until a masculine, unfamiliar called out to her. Beth noticed his relaxed but prominent stance, and his big brown eyes that she dared not admit were beautiful. She took a moment, weighing the possibility in her mind before finally agreeing. In her shoes her toes curled, shifting inside them like they were filled with ants. Having gotten so use to uniform, she was still dressed her long white lab coat with a stethoscope hanging around her neck. Mary sat next to her on the bench, along with Macy who was taking her lunch break to gossip with them. Only crap. enjoy! Sammie tried to play it off. Doesn't work". I'm going to go fix us some lunch". Please". Let me work this through". But who cares. Is the babysitter here"? I know all the songs by heart! With a blunt crowbar. EW! Ai shiteru. I guess not. I love you. Or Superwoman. Her boobs are scary. Screw what people think. Completely honestly? Please? Now…payment? Darling. I really love you. Everything youneed to know is in the summary anyway. And her idea of importance was handbags in different hues. Tanya could feel her bright mood dim, like a light bulb flickering. She rather thought of it as a benefit to get to purchase her every want. She was blissfully unaware of the toils and discomforts of life, being protectively sheltered her whole life with the utmost luxury and pedigreed peers. get over it. not ever a knock first. say something". I answer, managing a weak smile. how's Aaron, Carly"? ' Now at 8, Christy was finally done her work. Oh God. ' the bum managed to yell out and then toppled over with a moan. Only crap. enjoy! I kept exclaiming over and over. Please review! Like many other girls my age, I developed a crush on a certain boy. A loud but lovable bunch. It looked pretty good on paper. In my head, Skyler and I were meant for each other. All of them would walk away from him crying their eyes out. Still he continued to shoot them down. I watched the same scene play out day after day for weeks. . She sauntered away, a smile still on her face. Her posse joined her as she disappeared down the hallway. With a deep breath I began to walk towards the group of boys, who had begun talking again. I shook away any doubts I had left and cleared my throat. What was I thinking, coming here to confess? It was fascinating, actually. Skyler probably did too. The ants on the floor carried food, still marching in a straight line. The two of them exchanged glances when they stopped in front of me, biting their lower lip. Just one boy. The twins were the best friends anybody could ask for. and encourages me to write faster. The thought was fleeting; his life would never be the same – a half a life if anything – but it was still living and he wasn't quite ready to extinguish his last tiny glimmer of hope. Whether the disgust was at himself or what the blanket covered he wasn't sure – but he suspected it was a mixture of both and that it was a feeling he should get used to. When finished, he kicked some gravel and dirt over the small patch of moisture. A few large bubbles rose to the surface and popped. . . I hope you enjoy this! I dialed my boyfriend Jeremy as I trotted down the stairs of my dorm. I headed to the center of the building since I didn't have a key to get into the stairwell. he flashed a charming grin at me as he held the door open. Our footsteps echoed against the plain white walls. A few guys lifted their hands in greeting as we passed their rooms. I asked him after kissing his cheek hello. For a moment, it had felt like we were almost alone… almost. I guess it was because I understood how important his full-ride scholarship was to him… I knew that, one day, he would be designing amazing buildings, and that this would all pay off. I quickly leaned back in to kiss him on the cheek again before I sat down on his bed. he asked. I smiled at him as I reached for the headphones on Jeremy's nightstand. he suggested as he rose. I said once she answered. I relayed. I managed to reply neutrally, although a childish part of me wanted to snap back in a petulant voice,  Maybe I would add a foot stomp in for good measure as well. He smiled back for a second, waved, and then went back into his room as Patrick and I walked down the hall. They had only lived together since August and I'm sure they never really talked about anything in particular. Patrick lifted a hand in reply but kept walking. I had looked just like her last week, when I'd had a huge paper due for my History class. Melissa grinned wickedly as she spun her finger through her dark brown, almost black, hair, although it was obvious that she already knew the answer once again as she tucked one of her legs under her. She laughed and threw a pen at me before turning to her computer to check her Facebook. she asked with a smirk. I grumbled as I threw my keys down. I vigorously Febreezed the room in response since something definitely didn't smell right before I grabbed my shower stuff and went off to the bathroom. I finally yawned hugely before climbing into bed. I could hear her snoring quietly a few minutes later. Thank goodness. ) and gritted my teeth as that little voice inside of me, which sounded very much like Melissa, spoke up and suggested I break up with Jeremy. I couldn't remember… and that was sad. the girl in the middle gushed. Lost you for a second…" he remarked softly. I waved to a girl who was in one of my Psych classes as she passed us. he greeted Jeremy cautiously. I demanded, almost incredulous. leave me a review with your thoughts! I feel a hazy fuzz feel my head, and look over to Chantal to see that she wants to tell me something; I allow her access to my mind. Chantal looks at me with panicked doe brown eyes. I will not let anything happen to you; you're my sister. Female wolves are naturally submissive, but once in a while you will have a female in a tribe who is not submissive, and who cringes at the idea of having a mate. There is no way in hell that I will let Chantal become a mom at sixteen. I don't want a mate because I cannot give up my wolf form for someone else. I really despise him sometimes, but he is our Alpha so I have to respect him. The mating run is taking place on our territory though. I lie again, I don't have another small burrow waiting for me; I just plan to run the whole night. Chantal starts to calm down and feel more relieved not that she not out in the open. I figure that if I can climb down the cliffs, I might be able to find a ledge close to the water that I can rest onto for the night. I can't really make out what the wolf exactly looks like because it is so dark. I am submissive for no one. Now, I start to panic; I could try to charge at the wolf, but my body is much more petite than his giant form. I start swimming to one of shores, my wet fur weighing me down. It is really starting to bug me that I don't recognize him, but maybe he is from a different tribe. I hear a few howls from some lonely male wolves, and start to pick up my pace. Well, I didn't really get a chance to rest. I start clawing and nipping blindly, hoping to hurt him. I hear the wolf howl over me letting every other wolf know that he has made his claim on me. Why they are all coming out too, as far as I know the mating run is still going on, unless Ace just found his mate. I feel myself involuntarily changing back into human form; my bones and muscles hurt because I didn't use water to transform. Please continue to show your support and I can't wait to read what you all have to say about the new direction. Hope you enjoy! Unlike most kids her age, Rose was a dedicated, straight-a student with no time to spend on even finding a boyfriend, let alone flirting. She made a face before watching the scene intently. Were they really allowed to dress like this at school? There was no telling what this boy got up to on a daily basis. She ignored him and smiled at the receptionist, pretending that she hadn't even been present through the whole conversation. It wasn't hard to tell that he was amused that he'd frightened her. With a small sigh of defeat, she slumped against the wall and watched solemnly as the students passed her. Curiosity got the better of her. It fell out of her mouth before she could stop herself. Perhaps he wouldn't, because apparently goths didn't care about what anyone else thought. Her bad luck. Cloud; makes sense. Glaring in defiance at the blond, she removed herself from the smoke. Reaper nonchalantly reached for another cigarette. Acting on complete instinct, she threw her weight forwards, thus into him and he caught her against his chest as they tumbled to the ground. That was her doing. he had threatened to kill the teacher for flirting with Thorn. Feeling uncomfortable, Rose made to leave before Saber called out to her. Saber raised an eyebrow and curled his fingers twice at her. She frowned before shrugging and moved over to them with Thorn by her side. Alarm systems suddenly went off in her head and she was so very tempted to run but curiosity held her back. Had they ever shot someone before? Three bell tolls echoed around them signalling the next class. At least he didn't call her flower-girl. The appreciative whistles abruptly died down, and the boys seated were staring at something behind her. Rose wasn't a vain person, nor was she aware that she was a very attractive young lady; with curves that were to be desired and a height that was suitable for a male to lord over. His last name could possibly be short for lazy. Cloud wasn't even phased by the impact but was a little surprised when feminine arms wrapped around his waist. The blond chuckled into her ear. He had no right to touch her like that! What next? Instead, she turned around in her seat. He continued on. The boys in the class were eyeing her and it was making her incredibly uncomfortable. She gasped as he bit her lower lip and his tongue dove into her mouth and she was finally introduced to her first carnal kiss with an obviously experienced goth. Anyways, give us a review if you'd like for it to continue. I'm new to fictionpress, writing and English isn't my mother tongue. Her father picked her up and hugged her tightly. She would get two sisters around her age. She comforted herself with the thought that her father would be back in a month for her tenth birthday. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author. I hope you find it mildly entertaining! If it is, that was completely unintentional - and a sign - I'm moving to Hollywood to become a screenwriter, baby! The icy insulation melts away as spring approaches, and the land, renewed and revived after its long slumber, once again begins to team with life…much like the poor girl dressed in a giant mattress costume across the street from where Makayla worked. The bright red lettering across the giant yellow rectangle of her costume let everyone know that her employer's prices were seventy-five percent less than everybody else's, and the girl seemed to take her message to heart, dancing and waving to anyone that would look at her. No, she acted like she was front and center at a Mardi Gras parade. Of course, it would then also be her last day on the job here at Bank of New England. Just a few years older than her, really. She knew of several people that could no longer afford all three of those things. Smiling as if he was the most important client the bank had, Makayla accessed his account, verified that he wasn't overdrawn, and opened her till to give him his money as he'd requested it—in three, one hundred dollar bills. Honestly, if the boy were smart, he would have left it in his account. That wasn't really what tellers did—the customer was supposed to have the coins rolled and ready for deposit—but the woman was sweet as pie and every person here obliged her habit. Counting coins for an hour would only exacerbate the problem. Leaning into the divider that blocked off their work stations, he mumbled a dirty word to her. She heard Neil greet her, and smiled that Neil sounded like he'd just won the lottery. Aside from being her co-worker, Neil was also Makayla's best friend—had been since college. Since Makayla struggled with keeping a slim waistline, it was incredibly frustrating to watch him pack away pizza slice after pizza slice. Whether Makayla had broken up with a boy on his birthday, called her aunt a scheming trollop, or ratted out her dorm mate for cheating, Neil always gave his honest opinion and stuck by her side. He was more than her best friend, more than her personal shrink, and more than her sidekick; he was practically family. But she preferred it board-straight, so she took the time. Makayla could wear a B cup…on a good day. She kicked ass at the game Memory. What she saw though, made her mouth drop open, made her skin pale, and made her heart drop to the floor. Or maybe there's a store that caters to thieves—Robbers 'R' Us. The third man blocked the exit, though, and a raised shotgun stopped the bunch. The idea of someone coming in and simply taking other people's hard-earned cash inflamed her. But there were details that their masks couldn't hide. A particularly warm shade of brown. She suddenly felt the urge to pee and minutely crossed her legs. Makayla didn't want anyone's blood on her hands. Of course, Makayla also wondered how many books he read in a day. He had no idea how lucky he was. It was such an oddly familiar move that Makayla blinked. On the inside of the man's wrist was a very small and very green four-leaf clover. But yet, here he was, calmly pointing a gun directly into her face and robbing her place of employment. He's nothing special. I know of a way. ' And by that, I mean, only if they give him great sex. It got quite annoying, if I'm being honest here. I don't want any part of the game that is Andrew Hadley. just great. Everyone shut up as Tamara exited the auditorium. Thankfully, if I got on the student council for the fourth year in a row, I would only have to deal with the junior class, and that would only be when working on the prom. So, of course, the screaming girls didn't stop screaming until Principal Webster blew his whistle, which he carried with him just about every single time Andrew was in a room with a bunch of girls. It's nice to know that sometimes being yourself can count, you know? I absolutely loathe her. And we only have like five minutes before five, which is when we finally get the hell out of here. Not everyone has to be madly in love with Hamilton High School's so-called 'golden boy. I snapped as I opened the passenger door and then slammed it shut. I'd rather be a bitch than a slut. I just never thought I'd be the one to play the game. Stupid laws made by the stupid US government. Mikey repeated this action and sat beside me. So, yes, this morning during lunch, I was contemplating whether or not to pursue her next, but after our little meeting, I don't want anything to do with the little bitch. Once he had finally shut up, Mikey headed in the opposite direction towards his own car. Dans le love game. Unlike me, my sister has beauty and confidence, and unlike some cheerleaders, she isn't a brainless robot. Another thing that sets me apart from my sister is that I have high cheekbones and she doesn't. again) look like Angels. Now, do the cupid shuffle. Like I said, my sister has a brain, she just doesn't use it all that much. I don't know why I couldn't just figure it out all on my own. And since we were acting like such sisters, I decided to tell her about my little idea. If someone doesn't, that person normally lives under a rock. However, I listened to the insane part of myself, and ignored her. I want to get a head start on this so I know exactly where to go from here. Remember Rome wasn't built in a day, and not at the same time as Venice, Milan and Florence! It's also a fantastic bed and cold pack for your splitting headache when you wake up from a hangover. Or in my case the day in which I will have to nurse the mother of all hangovers. I groaned and fell back to the floor. My eyes shot open and my body went rigid. Now though, we had the comfort of a relationship without the confusing romantics and it was a better deal for the both of us. for my best friend Abby. I placed my hand on the wall to balance myself and turned back to Matt. Matt and I had no shame when it came to each other; we had seen each other naked frequently in many states of drunkenness and sobriety so when he walked in and sat down on the toilet seat, we continued our conversation. My boss respected me and didn't pinch my ass and I was given enough exposure to the development of advertisements to feel special. But today everyone was still in bed or hung over, where I would've been if Matt hadn't woken me. Did your asshole boyfriend dump you for your bitch of a best friend? Still staring at the bookstore window I came to a proverbial type of cross-roads, I could continue walking down the street to 'Beans and Leaves' and carry on my years old tradition, or I could walk into the store, buy the book and prove Declan, Abby and Matt wrong. I was too excited to care that I had left her a pretty sizable and undeserved tip, as I power walked back to the apartment and bounded up the stairs with energy that I had never had before. I attempted to do the 'Face' in the mirror but didn't really see any effect. Matt continued to scribble the resolutions down the first column before turning my way and wiggling two fingers. I'm Eeliahs and this is my second story on FP. From the feedback it was obvious that this was the story everyone wanted to read. . A small smirk crossed the lips as the eyes scanned more trophies. . Paulson High, aka the rich kid's public school. . . . no television. . with only one true friend to her name, occupying her time became the highlight of her life. . . I mostly sat in a corner of the playground at recess and read a book. Why was Andrea calling me instead of Wilson? Or so I thought. I dropped the phone on the couch next to me and sat in silence for a few minutes. Why in the world would he choose to end his life early? My eyes were wet. He patted my back sympathetically. But I didn't have my driver's license yet. The thought made me even more anxious to get to his house. I was practically treated like family anyway. Maybe it was just my imagination, caused by the sick feeling of dread in my stomach. She said. I had memorized this house long ago, but Andrea seemed to think I needed her guidance to find his room. My heart ached with this understanding. . Smiling back but not saying anything more, she closed the door and left me alone with Wilson. His arms lay weakly in his lap, wrapped by white bandages. . He did not cry. I immediately walked straight over to him, sat on the bed next to him, and wrapped my arms around him, all in one brisk move. But he was still here, and I would never take that for granted again. That meant the world to me. He looked ten years older than the last time I saw him, which I constantly had to remind myself was only yesterday. How could I have missed the signs that he would attempt suicide later that very same day? I'm also a dancer. There's something else. . In my entire life. But we're still friends. . . Now go ahead and give it a try! Next to ice cream, they were the bestest food on earth! I was going to show it to Mr. Chapman today. I was supposed to stay here while they went to other big places where I could get lost. Papa said I didn't take proper care of him so he went away and didn't want to return anymore. Wasn't this just a dream? So you really are serious. . They were simply fictional characters on screen that made me laugh or, on very rare occasions, gave me butterflies in the stomach. I honestly don't think they've even reached manhood yet. difficult. And to think I was the only heir! And a butler too? Now he's telling me I have enough to be able to… buy those Nike sneakers he wouldn't let me have? The least he could do was share it! A sixteen year old girl! their boss. It simply needs a bit of exercise. I mean, what kind of parents would be happy to swap their real son for a fake one? And, if I heard right, they want to change me into one of those beautiful, suicidal socialites…- like Mischa Barton in The OC. Maybe six if I accidentally fell asleep. Least of all a girl! It's nothing but lies. Being part of this site was definitely a highlight in my formative years. My views on a lot of things have changed in the past ten years, and I don't feel like I should leave these stories up anymore. When her hand came in contact with bare skin, she knew something was definitely not right. Her state of mind was still a tad fuzzy, but without a doubt, this was not the bedroom of Shaun Ariella Evans. Naked. he told Christina. After Shaun and Christina took their turn and tossed the ping pong ball (and missed), they put their plan into action. He noticed a moment too late and knocked over half of the liquid filled cups that were in play on their side. Every little thing caused the boys to lose focus and ultimately lose the game. She couldn't tear her gaze away from his until she heard Alton say three fatal words. Shaun gathered the excess material around her feet and made her way to the bathroom on the other side of the room. Failing in her search through the medicine cabinet, Shaun turned her attention to the drawers under the sink. When the feeling finally subsided, she couldn't help but feel like she had been in a similar situation. She knew how to hold her liquor. he whispered. Much later. Too preoccupied with trying to make herself feel better, she didn't hear the sound of footsteps entering the bathroom. Why did her best friend's fiance have to be best friends (and roommates) with a guy like him? Not that all the fraternity boys she met were like that; just the ones that she seemed to attract like a raccoon to a garbage can. All Shaun had to do was find a way to get him to notice her a little more. Shaun could barely wrap both of her hands around them. That boy knew just how to make her weak in the knees. He returned before she could dwell on the fact with a shirt covering his torso and took a seat next to her on the tile floor. Not to mention that she was still clad in the sheet and nothing else. Shaun couldn't help but feel a little giddy that she was the one to get the reaction out of him. The brightness from the sun and lights weren't enemy number one anymore. He could safely assume that she didn't want to endure puke breath any longer than she already had. She brought her hand up to lightly touch it, wincing slightly at the tenderness of the mark. Who? She tilted her head back, giving him easier access as he set her body on fire. She awed him when he witnessed her explaining exercises in simpler terms to patients at the clinic where she volunteered. . His personal favorite had to have been the rich sapphire color they took on when she was full of passion; the shade he saw shining back at him first hand the night before. He couldn't help but just want to let everything go and enjoy life around her. she made him feel things like no other girl had before. He knew he was motionless until she muttered five little words after that. After the amount of alcohol she consumed from the numerous games of beer pong, shots, and mixed drinks, he was amazed she was as coherent as she had been. He had a hard time trying to stay a gentleman when she took her clothing off piece by piece. Picking them up quickly, he set them atop the rest of Shaun's clothes. He just had to let it go. Then he'd wait downstairs and watch some television to give her some privacy. If the horn ball in him won, he knew he'd want to pick up exactly where they left off the night before. Legs that had been wrapped around his waist as he pinned her against the wall while he kissed her senseless with those wonderful cupid bow lips. Especially when she wasn't wearing any clothes. She got dressed as she pushed all embarrassment aside for the time being. He seemed normal enough when he found her in the bathroom puking her guts out, so what had changed? She desperately needed answers about the previous night from him. Her heart picked up speed once again, touched that he knew how she liked it. He winced slightly as his tush made contact with the bed, but managed to find a spot comfortable enough for it not to bother him. Whatever he felt about it be damned. If he at least said it sober, he could know how she really felt about him. Pulling away, Reed rested his forehead on hers. It didn't help that Christina agreed with them and planned to hit the flowers in Shaun's direction if they went off course. Christina almost tackled Shaun as she congratulated, laughing along with her three best friends. The DJ started playing a slow song and Reed led her out onto the dance floor. She debated on sending Aaron and Amanda a muffin basket to show her thanks for introducing them to each other. It's a fucked up friendship. Give me your thoughts! weebly. It's anyone's ball game at this point, and each rider seems to be pulling out all the stops. Brodie was reading over some emails when Richard knocked on her door. Dusty was a couple years younger than her, but had started an internship for the magazine about the same time as she did, so they were close, but Brodie was afraid he was really only being sent along to babysit her. Alex Higgins finished his run and stopped his bike next to him. Tristan had been doing freestyle for years, but he and Alex got along well. The rental car counter was fairly easy to find, and Brodie handed the keys to Dusty as soon as things were loaded into the trunk. Trent Cox, the spokesperson for the competition, appeared before the reporters, and immediately snapped up their attention. Trent helped her over the gate onto the track where he was standing, and she straightened herself out. Alex appeared beside him and gave him a playful punch in the shoulder. She started at the end of the table, introduced herself, and moved on from there. Tristan resisted the urge to kick his friend under the table, and took the picture from Brodie's hand. He tried to watch where she went, but got another elbow from Alex, bringing him back to the last few reporters in line. Dusty appeared suddenly, the redhead in tow. She made sure she had her hotel key and hurried down to meet Dusty. Dusty though, didn't have the same luck. She spotted the bar and, thankfully, Trent Cox seated at a stool there, with an empty one next to him. Immediately, the acrobatics began again, and he had a hard time concentrating on what Alex was saying. His thoughts were interrupted by more taunts from Alex. ) Alex Higgins and Dustin Kearney are characters from that story. The way her skin glowed, the way her eyes danced, and the way she held herself was nothing short of how she was raised to be. He was close enough to smell, close enough to touch, but not quite. She was determined to fight against what anyone thought about her decision. Her head on the crook out his neck and the way their arms found the other's back. She smiled a little. She was standing next to him, her posture tall and proud, but she seemed to be shrinking away from the world. He wasn't sure either. The softness of her voice made him close his eyes. He swallowed thickly and pulled her into his arms, ignoring the voice in his head that told him it would be easier if he just walked away. . His aura tangled with hers and their souls merged, even for that one moment. They thought of a world where love—their love—conquered all. He didn't know anymore. He held onto her tightly as if he were to never let go. Only the moon and shadows of that night could tell their story of love, feel their pain and watch silently as their tears fell. It was her promise to the world. he murmured and kissing her forehead tenderly. he whispered reaching out to touch her mouth. just for him. He saw the way her eyes began to water again. Her eyes fell closed. She took one last look at the sky and the trees gently blowing in the night breeze. And what was he? . Different from my usual writing, I know, but yeah, let me know what you think. ! trying to give more insight on supporting characters than TYIB. But it was still no luck. Not to mention at this current point in time, they weren't talking to me. I'd come across the ad in the paper and now it was my last stop. He was being a complete ass and was clearly lying to me. rich people. I decided to grab some Chinese take out on the way home. I turned back to the man to see that he was several feet onto the street by now. Great. Once he was safely on his feet I hurried to Marsha and we quickly disappeared into the gathering crowd. I knew I'd probably be really cold once the night was over, but it wouldn't be too bad. Although I'd tried to talk her into going to her place since by next month I may very well be crashing on her couch. We went because we got in free and the men went because there were a ton of girls. He was always there for me. She was talking a ton of college classes even though she could have easily have graduated by now. The teacher believed him and gave me a second chance. Robbie had been 18 and I was a minor still so that played against him. I dropped out by the time I turned 19, so it was obvious that he was in a completely different league than me. The rest of us either called her Marsha or Marsh. She knew the protectiveness of Heath and knew I'd want something to drink while he left it all out. He didn't bother to look up to see this 'gorgeous piece of meat' at the bar. He was smiling at the person next to him, but his smiled turned upside down when his eyes suddenly met mine. I didn't like this at all. Hopefully that wouldn't bit me in the ass too. Why did I have to bump into him so soon? He was too rich to remember a stupid girl who nearly broke his nose, by accident of course. He was just as attractive as his friend, but something told me they were completely different. I'm sure even if Jay hadn't seen her leave with him, Ruby or Carissa had probably seen them and surely made a comment about it. I'd cried, a lot sometimes. I wasn't worried about Marsha, she knew how to take care of herself. . Thank you, thank you very much. Elite lesbian. She thought she said that, but she wasn't sure. With toddlers, too. . ". But at least try". All 30 original species have died out except for 5 surviving species today. Despite the ache of her jaw muscles, she never let up on the grip of the small child swaddled tightly in the papoose of her native Finnish culture. And it came quite naturally to her: battling until the very end. Being one of the last surviving werewolf females of her northern European pack, Anja had been raised with the expectation that you sacrifice for your people and so she had agreed without a fight. In addition, the elders hadn't anticipated the hostile natives, the barbaric packs of black wolves who were unwilling to share their land. Rumors of wars between packs had reached them from as far south as Minnesota. She stumbled upon a small cabin that was surrounded by weeks old scents of young wolves. It was all she could hope for. She would join Amak now in the afterlife and they would watch their child grow together. I thought he would go straight to the 'popular' gang, and go out with those really pretty girls of ninth grade. Of course, that just made everyone think he was all the more intriguing. We had the weirdest conversation (if you would call it that) ever. For once in my life, I actually listened to it. ' he replied, in an almost innocent way. Before I had been able to reply, even though it would have been a stream of stutters, he had walked away. ' said Jude angrily. ' I said haughtily. ' he said, in a panicky voice. What kind of friend are you? ' I stressed on the last part. My mind immediately went back to our first conversation. In fact, he just looked exceedingly bored. Come back later. You're not very good at it. Yeah, he said it was a really good script. What's wrong? ' I said excitedly. ' He brought the script and a copy out from his bag. 'Who are the characters on the third page? I cleared my throat and read my part (even though it wasn't exactly mine). Three years ago? He said his part before I could think any further. But the word 'soul mate' has a very different meaning. I looked up at Jude, and said my lines very quietly. It's not like you ever tried to make a move or something. If there was a party you were dying to go to, I would go for it, even though I didn't want to. ? Jude, however, seemed to have read my mind. ' I asked incredulously. Because, really, I was trying very hard to keep a straight face and that wide smile was really fighting for its way out. That's…wow. That's the way it goes. 'Why me? These things occupied her mind until she heard someone call her father's name. Susie smiled, his hand was warm. Robbie waved back and then ran back to his mother. Her mother was the heart and soul of her family and anyone with two eyes could see that her father loved her mother fiercely, but most people of the ton were incredibly blind. She had cheerfully said when a notoriously broke viscount had approached her and, tactfully, said how her looks would be much improved if only she stopped wearing glasses. Two dollar coin, two dollar coin, one dollar coin, two dollar coin. Not that he seems at all deterred by this; he keeps working away at the stupid computer – like nothing even happened. He's always there. I kind of hate him for that – being prettier than me – but I do like him for this. It just gets better, though, as they knead into my back, drawing big circles, and drawing down and further down my back as we kiss. His eyes narrow at me, and he shakes his head, the tips of his ears going red as they always do when he gets really aggravated. I don't care. My eyes move lazily up and I raise an eyebrow at Spencer. I'm done with talking to him, and really I'm just done with him altogether. His eyes, blue as the grass is green, stare expressionlessly back at me. Besides it's his fault for initiating the kissing in the first place. I left for that very reason, and I don't care for that information right now. But just because it is far back doesn't mean it's not there. Only to find someone standing right in front of me. I drop the hand and grin, shrugging at him and thinking quick. No better way to stop yourself from thinking about one guy than filling your mind with thoughts about another one, and oh – is my mind full of all kinds of thoughts right now. The next thing I feel is his lips pressed against mine, and my eyes starting to flutter closed. For another – I hate Ana. Nothing that wasn't good or sweet or nice, anyway. My hands turn to fists and I try counting to ten and back, before spotting the can of mountain dew I've left on Renee's desk. Everything except Ana. After five years, it's ended up making me loath her even more than to begin with. This setting is way too familiar for my liking. I feel another surge of rage bubbling up inside of me, and dropping my hand I fall back against the wall, staring at the closed elevator doors. Smacking a hand to my forehead I find myself sliding down the wall in humiliation at the thought of it. So obviously to get her to stop I have to throw her another bone. She smirks against my lips, wrapping her two arms around my neck and then drawing herself closer to me. I might even have to make this thing we have into a relationship, if she puts up this kind of performance every time her lips touch mine. So I stood there, human embodiment of disgust, and watched as she got in to her car and drove off – fast. Damn her. Tapping my foot as I listen to an mp3 I suck in more mountain dew by the straw full, scanning for any mistakes before I send off an email – when I am IM'd by a co-worker. But then he only sends me another one a second later. But I nonetheless poise my fingers over the keyboard, ready to respond but not really having much of a response in mind. It's not even my fault he seems to want to bug me lately – yesterday he spent the majority of the time 'accidentally' throwing bits of paper, and lettuce from his sandwich, at me. I'm asking you to stop. It's exactly as I assumed he would respond to such a message; with complete disregard. I'll admit; he's annoying the absolute crap out of me and sooner or later he's going to find another way to irritate me. Pressing my lips together and feeling another pang of irritation, I grab it up and then bringing my hand back – fling it in the bin, where it belongs. Standing up, I let the paper ball fall off of my skirt and onto the floor, and not even bothering to push my chair back in or lock my computer – I start walking right towards Spencer who looks back at me, stone faced. I try closing and my eyes and breathing in, breathing out – but it doesn't work. I throw the can over my shoulder and shrug at him. Cheating on him, sleeping with someone else when I hadn't even slept with him before – doing It with a co-worker in the elevator. I watch my feet, trying to breathe evenly, blinking furiously as I make my way down the hallway and practically fall through the door and at the feet of one Renee Pulitzer. It's a promise I made to myself ages ago. Then I look at the mirror and wish I hadn't; mascara streaks down my cheeks and my skin has gone all blotchy, my eyes pink-rimmed and blood-shot. It's not the first time he's hit on me, and the more amusing occasions have arisen while I've been with Spencer – because Spencer absolutely hates it when he hits on me. I hope he can see me though – because I'm starting to feel a little more than uncomfortable. Spence, I feel my lips turn to a smile beneath Alex's. He looks like he's laughing. Spencer's left me here, I've got no way to escape, and Alex is filling my mouth with the bitter taste of alcohol I haven't been drinking. I just have to suck it up and take what's coming for me; I'll probably deserve it. He closes the door behind me and then ushers to the French doors, behind which I can see the dining room table. She's just not someone I can be 'just friends' with. Because now that I don't have anything against her, it's kind of hard to ignore the voice in my head going; what if she forgives me, what if we get back together, what if now all of that hate is gone all that is left is the love we used to share and maybe can again if I apologise to her? It's been five years, and those five years I've hated her guts – only nearly as quick as I find out that she's innocent for the crimes I held against her I'm falling back in love with her all over again. Grabbing the box I do what I've done every other box he's given me – throw it right in the bin. She goes back to sorting through files, her cheeks pinkening. But I don't like what I see, and I bite down on my cheeks; he's fixed the heater. I don't know how he's doing it, because I barely leave my desk and only for short periods of time – I've never once come back to find him working on anything of mine. He's wasting time, and money, and I just don't like it at all. He thinks I'm going to give in and just go on a stupid date with him – I've even tried talking to him, telling him no. Like a freaking clown. I feel a tapping on my shoulder and I look up into Spencer's bright blue eyes,  he says and then walks off leaving a delicious looking baguette on my desk. I bet he thinks all of these so-called sweet gestures and smiles are making me feel all gooey inside; damn that motherchucker because it's actually working. But it looks all good. He isn't one for random acts of kindness, not like this. Every time I see him even though my brain is like oh no my heart is definitely going oh yes. It doesn't work, if anything I feel even more nervous – but that could be just because he's getting even closer; soon he'll be right in front of me. Just clears his throat and taps my mountain dew can with a finger, arching his eyebrows at me. Make her want me like she did five years ago. I can barely resist her, watching her short blonde curly hair bob with the nod. Her breathe plumes into my neck and I look down into her eyes. I can't help but let out a little snicker. I close my eyes, trying to calm myself down. But the embarrassment doesn't make me put my legs back on the floor, oh no, my legs stay right where they are and my hands creep up into his hair, ruffling it all up. I don't think I would have even noticed if it weren't such a suggestive sort of place. He tastes like mountain dew, and of all other things my favourite kind of pie – cherry pie. I give him a poke to the ribs when he goes to kiss me again, though. I feel my whole body heat up with embarrassment and I'm pretty sure I'm turning the colour of a tomato again. I think not. Even though technically this isn't a first date; five years ago we'd go on a date pretty much every single day. I sit up straight in bed, bemused. I went and revised it. Because I was missing a lot of 'to' and 'the' bits in the middle of things, cue sweat drop. ANYWAYS. Well, at least it ain't me. Yeah, you can imagine how well that went. And you underage liars did, too. Talk about a craptastic birthday. No? I feel like one wrong move, and he'll crush me like a bug with all of his raging muscles. Atheltic, sweet, and funny? Which makes for one very happy camper in me, because lord knows I can't handle being around that kind of perfection for very long. At ALL. Although that would make a hell of a lot more sense, now that you mention it. So there's not a whole lot of bitchin' and moanin' on their part anymore, that's for sure. It's definitely come to my attention that there is a fine hunk of man next to me going to perfectly good waste. I would try to tell myself that it has to do with his late birthday. Baffles me, I tell ya. Mom, and Dad, and you. I thought, this baby must be the most magnificent thing to happen! I'm not gonna lie, I've seen better looking possums in my backyard. This, folks, is intentional. It might explain why Christmas is his favorite time of the year. But now when he talks, he makes sure that it counts. So we do maintain rather separate lives. We may have known each other for years, but the whole not-talking thing really didn't do much in terms of developing a relationship. The only time I ever really go to his house anymore is to see Jude. You know. Being a cougar looks like loads of fun! Not that I'm looking to be a cougar or anything, because that shit is just dumb. . I'm pretty sure the people that made this equation would have wanted me to round up. Is there a rule book for this thing? Maybe? Breakthrough of the century…not. Literally. Luckily I sat at the back, and my teacher didn't mind that I was writing furiously while she was explaining a very important exam question. I still get the grade. Well. Well, that'd make me old…so no, a child of two chefs is good for me! ' type laughs. He was one of those typical lecturers who care about his students and can have a laugh as well as teach a class up to the finest of standards. The few that heard me shot me amused looks and laughed lightly. My granddad talked about his days in the Army and about old war stories, which are still depressing, even after hearing them fifty to sixty times. I was up last night reading my assigned novel for my English class. I mean it is a dog eat dog world. It just makes me mad and annoyed…and any other word to do with frustrated. Maybe it was those big brown eyes of his, or his brown floppy hair, but something caught my attention, other than the fact he sat next to me in class. He almost looked like he was considering it! I was actually, inwardly, delighted that he wanted to give me a cutesy pet name! It was absolute torture! Then my eyes started closing, I think I mumbled something like 'I'm not going to sleep', and I think I heard a 'Mhm', but I was already asleep so that bit could've been my mind making up a response. I said again with a small smile. My eyes widened as I skimmed over the writing. he said noticing my shocked expression. ' But now, being in that position…well, it made me realize why she would do that. That was the first sign; I had made a bad decision. Mostly the latter. ) Or when he borrowed a pen from someone else – it used to be me he borrowed a pen from – or when I gazed at his vacant, comfortable shoulder. He didn't even fight! Drew had already left the classroom; at an unnaturally fast speed may I add. My mouth parted in surprise. I pointed a finger at him. he said as if forgetting I was there. Tears were in the corners of my eyes. I locked eyes with him but his gaze kept drifting to my lips, and I was doing the same. It didn't take him too long to respond. Thanks for reading! And she would have told the boy she didn't need saving. She says she likes her coffee black (but she swallowed those brittle, saccharine clichés--sipped them slowly with milk and sugar. ) She bites her lip and walks on without glancing behind (because she's scared that maybe he had seen her eccentricity glowing neon through her bones- that maybe he'd glimpsed the geography of her veins, drenched in vermillion and lithium-sweet gasoline- that maybe, maybe he'd seen her heart jolt. And no, she just couldn't stop her lips from curving upward when he'd laugh his little-boy laugh. ) His eyes freeze, frees, free her. (Or maybe it was him. But I didn't think of him the same way either. Maybe. (and I would love you so much if you do this) you guys could respond to each other and share poetry as long as it's relevant and not just advertisement. Yes, that was the right word. The sudden flash of the instrument caused the teenager to be silent and glared at the culprit. Very fitting for someone so pernicious as her. To prove that point, Victoria, Torie, as she was known in Clayton High, sauntered over to her and blocked her path. Cassidy couldn't care less. Torie was actually thinking of borrowing that skirt? It wasn't surprising she had connections. Oddly enough, his bragging ended a day later. Attracting too much attention never did bode well with her. That was a year ago. Second reason, to put it simply, he just wasn't her type. The mood changed though when he turned solemn suddenly. Jim continued in mirth. With furrowed eyebrows, he exhaled deeply. -Should I continue this? Noah Andrews sang out at the top of his lungs, tossing his briefcase onto the couch in his small living room and running over to his roommate, Penelope McNeil, who was standing on a kitchen chair painting tiny fruits on the wall. He'd get the girl and in the end, decide there was something wrong with her and ditch her at the first possible opportunity. When Penelope's mom died when she was 19, Noah brought her to live at his newly purchased apartment and she hadn't left since. She assumed that was why their friendship had always gone so smoothly. Now, Noah was smiling at her again, despite his annoyance. All he could do was stare at her. He was so mad at himself for being such a loser. As 1:30 approached and his time to leave grew closer, he felt himself clinging to the hope that she was around the corner at Macy's, buying shoes, and would walk through the door at any moment. He should have known she wouldn't show up there two days in a row. When the door got caught and wouldn't push open anymore, he looked at it. And he definitely thought she would be nicer. She'd just started clipping a particularly delicious picture of Brad Pitt from one of the pages when a deliriously happy looking Noah walked through the door. Penelope rolled her eyes. And how in the world would a weekend clown girl make enough money to afford her own apartment in this city? I'd love to meet some other authors on this site and read your stuff. She was going to Greece whether or not her boyfriend approved—and those had been her father's exact words. Cadence waited for him to blow a gasket. Did he really want her to lie to him? Cadence should know, she'd been whacked in the face more than once. Cadence's  Patrick and his son followed from the backseat not ten seconds later. She slipped an arm through his and leaned her head against his shoulder, but that didn't seem to be enough. He frowned slightly at Ryan, who was too busy glaring at Carson Slade to notice much else. Mrs. Marshall would flip out at having to get someone to clean up. He was getting angry so she tensed in preparation for whatever he threw at her. Anger management might do all of them some good, she thought. He never would be able to hold his own… even against scum like Carson Slade. She turned back to her mother and shook her head. This is only a first draft. Who's your favorite so far? Too much dialogue too little narration, or vice versa? What is one thing you would like for me to fix or improve upon? I am a bunny. My bunny ears are really, really heavy and my neck is already killing me. I would never live it down. She begins placing the plastic eggs she's been stuffing into the basket, humming happily. Maybe if I pull all my dark hair in front of my eyes, nobody will be able to recognize me. My mother had been planning the town Easter hunt for months now, going as far to find pure-bred Shetland ponies for the children to ride; nothing was going to stand in her way, not even her own daughter. My arms remain crossed against my costume, glaring up at my older brother. His green eyes dart around the half set-up carnival, trying to find something worse off. I mumble, cheeks reddening profusely. Not. Despite the bunny suit, years of trying to beat Logan at track have kept me in shape enough to maintain a steady gain on him. I cry. he deadpans, shaking his head. But Carter just doesn't get it. Me, I take after our father, a high-case lawyer—I have to win. By first grade, I was a hero among girls and a shock among boys—that is, until Logan Smalls walked through classroom 1B and made my life a living hell. I thought for sure I would win—only to find that Logan was faster than me. He was next in line to be editor-in-chief, a seniors-only position, for the school newspaper, but I had been class president two years in a row. Like I said, he just doesn't get it. Mom turns back to me. Carter was right; I was too dramatic sometimes. Maybe that's his master plan; crush my uterus and prevent me from ever having children. My own father, a traitor! I maintain a glare at the camera. He collects the ticket from my dad and walks off without looking back. I call through the door, pulling my dark brown hair into a loose bun. His smile tugs downward. My eyes bug when I recognize it, gasping softly. Just looking at the picture sends the familiar shiver up my spine. I try to clear my head by shaking it slightly. I say, eyes darting down. Like that kiss could be anything but part of our clash of personalities. I assure him. The more I thought about what Carter said, the more I began to think about Logan. Usually, he and I spend the entire meeting throwing various things at each other; usually wads of paper, snacks, and occasionally pencils if we're feeling particularly malicious. A little. I'm afraid there might be something wrong with me. If not, well…then I'll run home with my tail between my legs. Found it. The food was spectacular, the rides upstanding and appropriate—there was even an Easter Bunny to hand out eggs or to take pictures with! I need to think. Awkwardly and unsure whether that was my cue to turn on my heel and walk away, I rock on my heels nervously. I take a deep breath, squeezing my eyes shut for good luck. I say, rolling my eyes. I don't want him feeling my palms. I bite down hard on my lip, closing my eyes. That or because I'm annoyingly straightforward. I hate me. As we pull up to the driveway, Carter puts the car in park and pulls the key out of the ignition. I let my head cool before getting out, swinging a heavy pack over my shoulder as I climb the steps to the porch. I exhale resignedly. A car passes by, its' headlights flashing over us for a quick moment, and I almost wish it was one of my parents so I would have an excuse out of the awkward silence that has fallen over us. God, real life sucks. As if I don't know that. I can't smother the shudder that runs up my spine, pressing my lips together thinly. I ask as one final test; if this is another one of his ploys, I swear, I'll beat Carter to the punch and kick his ass myself. I was out of bunny puns. Go figure, I guess. . Only crap. enjoy! Comprende, si? It's a pair of dorky glasses with blue metal frames, not the Gucci pink sunglasses. ) The only way to keep cool was to roll down the windows and feel the wind whip against my face as the car sped down the road (well, as speedy as old grandfather cars can get. There, right next to the entrance! Nearly there! . ! ) Mom was singing along with Michael Jackson's 'Dangerous' (albeit off-key, but I'm too nice to point that out,) and I was pondering about whether toothpaste or herbal cream should be applied to my athlete's foot. . Although I'd been huddle up in the front passenger seat of my rusty heap of a car for God-knows how many hours, I was entranced by the rain droplets on my window, which had me hypnotised as I watched two droplets coalescing together to form a single, watery tube. oh! Eggs. Despite the strong wind and rain, the guy lowered his car window and leaned a muscular arm on it. Remember what? That would explain his now bronze complexion), but I suppose, from the rumors recently circulating town, that Chase and his parents were back here for good. . I think I'd have lost my way if Chase hadn't lead the way. It weirded me out that I found it such an endearingly attractive sight. Despite my barbaric behavior towards him, he had still helped me out at my lowest (you have no idea how devastating the break up was) and distracted my thoughts from Lord Voldemort's spawn Percy Hoffman. . . Why? Not again". Was she fucking kidding me? Sort of hurts the cheeks. It was hard and his strong jaw was set. she muttered, shaking her head. The rain had picked up even more, plastering her dark brown hair to her forehead. So, when he didn't show up and, fifteen minutes later of course, it began to rain, Lindy's bad mood was officially worse than before. Despite her obvious surprise, Lindy had no problem telling him 'yes. But today, after walking in the soaking rain for a good five minutes because of him, she was beginning to think she'd had enough. What was so wrong with her wanting a little romance every once in a while? His brown eyes looked sad from where Lindy was sitting and every once in a while he'd glance down, as if trying to make sure that the envelope was still there, that he hadn't lost it. Without even zipping the bag, the man tossed it onto his shoulder and hurried to the front of the bus as if he couldn't wait to get off. With the way the man had been holding onto the damn thing, she would have thought it was probably valuable to him. She couldn't have that. The man would probably be relieved that the letter was going to make it to its destination and she could rid herself of the guilt she was feeling for almost opening it. Mitch said, shaking his head. He asked, disdain in his voice. he said with a shrug. He was entirely too quiet for just having an argument and, wearily, she turned around. He stood up again, crumpling the paper and tossing the letter in Lindy's face. She was holding a love letter. she mumbled, turning the letter over in her hands. It was the first time that I'd ever even considered the idea. I'd like to think that I didn't mistake the look in those green eyes of yours on the day you left. Forever. I have 213 other letters with your name on them to tell you the same. She shook her head and tried to focus on anything but him. After all, she had plenty of letters stuffed in a box under her bed that she'd never sent. She would give her the opportunity to see what she was missing. She started down the sidewalk and did her best to ignore him as he drove alongside her. Not to mention, she knew that if she were face-to-face with Jeff, she wouldn't be able to help but blurt out to him how she'd found his letter and how she'd thought it was the sweetest thing in the world. She looked up and met his eyes. Three weeks later. He sure could turn on the charm. It may have been fast and sloppy, but she still felt the same. Every time she got on the bus, she looked for Jeff. . If I were her, I'd love you back. Thanks guys! Students had flocked and settled in the front quad, no doubt discussing the trivial events of their pitiful summer. Will wonders never cease? There was probably time to race to the local mall and pick up a new pair, I looked at my watch, maybe not, it was only fifteen minutes until school started. A girl called out to my twin brother and he waved back half-heartedly. Then again, we didn't really have a conversation flowing between those minute pauses for air. I had hoped that I might have been mistaken; he did look a lot different in a suit than he did today. The hallways were packed and we were mauled a hundred times over before we finally reached the steel gray tins that represent lockers. I pouted momentarily and shrugged. I simpered. We sat in the room that was made for us and started trading stories of what had happened from yesterday til today. she whined, caressing his upper thigh. I entered the room; too busy fixing my blonde hair in my compact mirror to see that her waiting room had another occupant. I noted with disdain that the dirty red converse on his feet were the same he'd worn the last time we'd … ah … met. He was able to take me in with one simple gaze, and frankly, it was getting me flustered. Honestly, trying to explain something like that to uncool people was like trying to explain Calculus to first graders. He accepted his new timetable with a nod and listened again as Matthew's went over disciplinary actions taken against students who disobeyed the school law. The strong scent of pot hit his nose and he inhaled deeply. No windows faced in this direction so the chances of being spotted seemed thin. Two other girls, the rest guys, none of whom seemed bothered that they were missing out on their first day back. she assured him. One by one they recited their names and Leif nodded at each. But any writer should know that once an idea wants to get out, you have to get it out. You'll see how Leif will fit in with it all. It'll be short. Anyway, for those of you who don't know (a lot of people in my school aren't familiar with the genre of music)  is a type of music that's sort of a mix between rock and reggae. Better than nothing. seven people, to be exact. Boys. ". Drop it". If you guys could review, I would really appreciate some feedback. Right? I started to realise simple things such as breathing were getting harder to do, as I looked into his eyes. Could that chubby, cute little boy be the same person as the dirty blonde, well built, deep blue eyed jock standing in front of her? But the most important question is, is he falling for her? I knew I had to get up, but not for school. Sam said nudging me. I knew I wasn't an easy person to wake up, and there was probably only one was to do it. He yelled after me. I brushed my teeth, combed my hair, applied some lip gloss and eye liner and walked out. She was a doctor so she spent basically all of her time at the hospital, which meant Sam and I were practically living alone. I threw on a t-shirt I got from New York that had 'I love New York' printed in big bold letters on the front, and blue jeans. I got into the black Nissan and sat down in the back with him. There were pictures around their house of Tom and Sharon, but that was it. We walked up the steps and my mum rung the door bell as Sam raised an eyebrow. Mr. Peters yelled. They both just stood there and looked at their father. Well instead of that awkward feeling that I hardly knew the guy, we just sort of clicked. His room had posters of bands up on the walls, and was messy. He walked through the house to the back yard. He caught it and made a shot, his was a perfect swish. Unlike me, my brother chooses to resolve things in violence, and unlike me, he saw Dean making a move on his little sister. He stepped out of the car and walked over and opened the front door, he stalked up to his room. I've been to those parties, I know what goes on. To tell the truth I didn't really care that much what group I was in, I just didn't want to be in the bitch/ slut category. I was still pissed off at Sam, but he was Sam, my brother. The wind blew in my face, and the sun was rising. There were students walking around, chatting with friends. I tried to find the classroom C17, C17, C17… I looked around, totally clueless on where to go. I turned to Dean and notice he wore the same one. The homeroom teacher! She wore thick black glasses and was over-weight. She walked to the back and sat next to me. I looked out the door and saw a group of cheerleaders waving towards the dirty blonde haired boy. What the hell was Dean doing with my little sister? Unless geeks in this school wore mini skits, and tank tops in the middle of autumn. Should I go? The boys were smiling, the girls were glaring. ! . ! Only this night was much more crowded, because everyone knew the boy that they were going to see. The two blondes wore white heels, while the redhead wore black heels. It took the fun out of the chase. Anyone who had bothered to look might have seen him wink. His hips thrust against the small, make-up-less boy, who chuckled, arching against him. The blondes were touching themselves in ways that didn't seem very appropriate for public eyes, their movements completely in sync. Candy leaned forward, sucking on his neck roughly. The driver almost drove into a pole, and Candy realized that the man was stiffening even more beneath him. The girls followed, but more choreographed than his actions. Hurridly, though, he drove away, not wanting to get in trouble should the people decide to call his boss. In one swift movement, he was slamming into Candy, who barely had time to prepare. The man burst like a faucet on full blast inside of him, and the feeling of being so completely filled made Candy start to cream all over the lawn. The first blonde got onto her knees, and the second blonde joined her, spreading their legs towards their audience. It just made him all the more horny, and he encouraged the man with his moans. "He got those lips like sugar cane,Good things come for boys who wait! . He found himself the energy to get up, and took the liberty of bathing himself (he smelled like sex horribly), and put on his clothes from the night before. they just didn't want her. She had not wanted to be found then but three hours from then, Curourae found herself praying that her Grandmama would find her. She continued to fight against the growing fog that crowded her mind so hard that she failed to notice the tiger that hid behind a nearby tree. A predator that was eying her up even now. but with a boy around her age. the gorgeous predatory eyes of her tiger. She couldn't count on one hand the millions of times she's dreamed of being able to do the same thing. He smelled of fresh spring rain and sandalwood at first but as she leaned closer she caught the more subtler scents of freshly fallen snow and clover. peanut butter? It was a curious sight to behold but not nearly as curious as what happened next. And as in his other form, his eyes remained the same. We may be young Hollywood's number one couple, but he was number one on my death list. But most of all, he was a perv, and I could never forget the night he asked me if I wanted to have sex with him. Flynn Cavanaugh might not have been my favorite person – he was in fact my least favorite – but I was in need of some energy booster, and coffee was just what I needed. When we reached Starbucks, I breathed a smile of relief while Flynn continued to smile at the cameras even though the paparazzi were raucously waiting outside. But he was getting on my nerves, and I couldn't hide the feeling of annoyance that was starting to rise up inside me. He couldn't just walk around and kiss random girls…well, he could, but I was never ever going to be one of his bimbos. It was the night after she had been pressing me for gossip about Flynn and me. She just felt like dressing up and getting drunk, and since all our friends were party animals themselves, they were all game with the idea of a party without a purpose. I also put in a black belt in the ensemble, and I realized I was almost finished preparing. Allie, having grown up in Hollywood all her life since her mom was a model and her dad was a producer, was used to living life in the fast lane, and I had to admit: I was enjoying her lifestyle, my lifestyle, but of course I knew my limits…or did I really? It was 'especially Flynn', and I in particular, hated hearing that tone of voice. I opened my eyes again just to make sure I wasn't dreaming. Fuck. After a few moments of continuous sobbing, I heard grunts coming from the person beside me, and soon enough, he woke up. I was crying, and fuck, I found him gorgeous right then and there. He was surprising me second after second. Everyone in the set, from Christopher, to the costume director, and even our co–stars noticed how differently Flynn and I were now treating each other, and since we were actors constantly getting attention, we had an easy time ignoring them whenever they'd press for gossip. Amidst the crew of the set and all the spotlights, there was a bedroom in the middle of everything and a king–sized bed smack dab in the center. I was wearing a long, sleek evening gown, and when I saw Flynn step out of his changing room, he was wearing a tuxedo, and I had to admit, he looked damn good in it. I unbuckled his belt, and when we were both half naked already, we resumed our searing kiss. I never liked watching my own films since it made me feel awkward, but Allie demanded that I come to this one, and being the good friend that I was, I obliged. When we did this, the crowd went wild, and I couldn't help but wave and wink at some of my fans. There was anything but cockiness etched on his face. She saw me and waved 'hello' at me, and in response, I sent her one suspicious smile. I guess Flynn felt the same since midway through the movie, my head was buried on the curve his neck and his on my mop of hair. I looked up and smiled when I saw Flynn. He didn't comment on the way I was looking at him. Sighing, he wound his arms tighter around my waist, and I couldn't help but chuckle when I felt him kiss my shoulder. He noticed that I was in deep thought since he cupped my face with one hand and asked me if was okay. I slowly pushed him off me and told him that he should go answer it. Then, I wished that it never had to end. When I looked more closely, I saw that their hands were intertwined. I'd be a hypocrite if commented on their relationship since Flynn and me were just like them, except that we had had that tension pent up inside of us for months and months now. I reall love ya guys! If not, then I'll drop it. Thanks! It was what kept us laughing during boring school days. So it really was like a guide for guys at our school. I smiled, glad I looked alright today, for once. Desmond sure was cocky, and annoying. Sand was dumped all over me, leaving me looking like I was coated in brown sugar. Once I was sure my bag was empty, I sifted through the items lying on the carpet. I needed it to vent my feelings and to keep my humor. It simply wasn't there. My notebook must've gotten lost in the mix up! Having the guide in Desmond's possession was even worse. This sudden turn of events would cause World War 4, right after Megan hung me like an outlaw. Desmond has the guide! This isn't just some notebook filled with random things about guys. Hey, not all the guys at our school are bad looking. ! She needed to know, anyways. She'd have my head in a heart-beat if she learned who now had the guide. I absently shook my head, wanting to get this over with. I also hadn't failed to mention how he seemed so full of himself. Winter? Oh, that was it. . . stale. Matthew frowned. . . That'd be great. . . . he asked. It didn't work out". didn't interest me that much, being in labs and stuff. . . . ". . "? ". . . So because I liked the idea of a letter story, I've written one myself. Press the  button then. So stop looking! Hell, maybe you'll get lucky and find your soul mate like the internet thing says. Don't! Please choose another. Please choose another. Please choose another. 3 percent. Sunrise City: Where the sun ALWAYS shines! Welcome back home! You know, the woman with massive amounts of teal eye shadow and the curlers, yet she always says she's ? –Luke. In fact, buy two. Put that other cake AWAY. I wouldn't want you to die from an infected colon. Thank you for preventing me from getting an infected colon though. You're gay. In fact, you smell lovely. I can't and will never be able to have attractions towards a woman. We hope you enjoy your new location! It's your duty to come up with an advertisement for Grapester Mascara. Make sure they sound appropriate. Honestly, your father is the most random man I've ever met. YOU'VE GOT MAIL! Well, hope you reply! I don't want to feel guilty for you coming all the way down here only to hate your job again. Oh… and what first comes to mind when you see: ? What comes to mind when you see ? Also, the first thing to come to mind when seeing  would have to be eggplants and models; I hope that helps. How could I possibly mean anything by the soap when I grew up with good intentions? I look forward to giving you sushi. I was the kid who gave you jelly beans every Christmas! We hope that works. You don't! Wednesdays at eight o'clock. They look wonderful on you! If you do not know this person, we will call security on him promptly. Otherwise, you can let the people in to my office. You wasted all your worrying minutes on him when you were younger, remember? We are ashamed of you. He's the one who commented! Time. It just smacks ya with a whole bunch! I watched online videos and relived my childhood while doing 'research' for this one! broken glassv. (Sorry, it's a pet peeve of mine. or how to pronounce them, come to think of it. Cue hysterical laughter. )  He leaned forward as if telling me a secret. Pun not intended. she said confidently, choosing a sandwich and moving on. He turned to me. or set something on fire. On set, of course, because otherwise my inner-child would be screaming at me to hug them instead. I think I swooned. It was hot, it was stuffy, and it was bloody repetitive! It was only then that I realized I was sitting in his lap. I conveniently ignored the fact that, despite me being 18 and a good-driver, my parents insisted Max drive me to and from the set that day. he explained, as if reading my mind. It seemed more far-fetched to me that Max would set up his own sister's ex-boyfriend with his best friend, so I had to make that leap. Let's recap, shall we? I had never seen him before. "No I'm not. "Yes. He retreated the room quickly. And I was completely bawling my eye out. And he didn't help any. I had the flu and was sitting in my bed, dozing a little. Weirdo. Charles entered the room, looking a bit overwhelmed. And that's when Charles entered. I don't own any of the movies mentioned. Now See Here! Least of all Mark. Lance was at the economic department while Mark was in the ad-department, working as a copywriter. That didn't bother Mark too much, however; he had his work and his client's appreciation as proof after all, and most of them didn't even know that he was blind, as a large amount of business was conducted over the phone or mail. It wasn't big but well organized and very few people actually used it, so it was rarely crowded; other than right after New Years. Someone had to actually say 'I'm into you' instead of doing things like playing with their hair and giving you smoldering looks… that's what women did according to Lance, anyway… Mark had become very adept at reading emotions behind voices and even interpreting other random sounds, like footsteps or someone tapping their fingers, but that wasn't always enough. He only used the voice options when he was wearing gloves, though, not liking to draw attention to himself. He knew approximately where the button was now, but the braille writing on it confirmed it was the right one. Mark tended to want to scream at those people. Mark had learned and now always turned on the lights in these kinds of places. He had had one nasty fall once and therefore always made sure the safety feature was there and working. He had to, to be able to function the way he wanted, and he had trained himself to remember since he was a child. Still, his hearing, touch and even sense of smell made him more aware of his surroundings than many thought. Also, the man was very friendly, not at all as stuck up as people in charge could become in companies like this. . Maybe his dog had died? Mark's shoulder bumped into the man's arm and, before he was able to apologize, a voice snarled. He also didn't know how tall the man was, and it proved that he was about a head taller than Mark guessed, meaning his gaze was way off. He had realized his mistake and raised his eyes, but that didn't seem to help, and he could hear by the man's breathing that he was truly pissed, maybe even dangerous. He didn't even sound like an executive, he sounded like a thug! He was standing close to the front doors, as usual, when the woman cleared her throat. The flat itself wasn't bad, layout wise, although Lance kept telling him that the colors in it were awful. In the end a security guard had helped him and, all in all, he had only been lost for about twenty minutes… but even now he woke up some nights, bathing in sweat, from nightmares about not knowing where he was. As he was black Mark had had named him 'lucky' in Latin, figuring he could use it. It was one of his most important tools in so many ways. Besides, he probably would never hear that maniac's voice again. was the reaction it got. Well, there was one person who wouldn't sugarcoat anything, he guessed. I'd be an idiot to claim that everything is 100 percent correct, of course, but I tried to keep it as realistic as possible…Comments/reviews are very much appreciated! It makes me more comfortable. I didn't think they could be that big. I started stepping slowly backwards towards Mrs. Clevior's house while watching the wolf. He was my neighbor. I could hear my sister's crying as she was taken back to the house before I lost consciousness. He did at least three laps every practice for cursing. He pushed the lever on the water dispenser and gave himself a generous amount of the liquid. The two jumped in the back seat, greeted Miles's dad, and headed towards Miles's house, where Ryan typically stayed for dinner and crashed in Miles's room rather than going home. Ryan could think of several things to do to Miles, but he refrained. Miles woke up immediately as he flew off his bed and knocked into his nightstand, his alarm clock falling over in the process. But what bothered him most was that Ryan didn't feel the same way about him. They practically had all the same clothes, anyway. However, Miles couldn't take a chance; you never knew when Ryan sporadically decided to pay attention. Although it didn't happen all that often, sometimes Maryann would make everyone in her department stay late and work overtime filing paperwork and entering information into the computers at the publishing company she partly ran. Miles…not so much. Hopefully you enjoyed it as well! Consequently, her engagement to seventh son Ilyar Kazugnastin was to be broken off indefinitely and her stay at Brickham Academy terminated immediately. He and his friends had nowhere else to go but up. The formal gahi hugged his frame before billowing past his waist, all the way down to his ankles, which were clad in soft boot-like slippers suitable only for lightly treading through palace hallways. The younger one, his hair worn loose behind his back in the vulgar way outside people liked to wear their hair, actually turned to look up at him, but the older man beside him elbowed him until he dropped his eyes respectfully. Do you wish to proceed with our agreement? Emerson dutifully took the pen and signed his name beneath his parents' before laying it back down beside the inkwell. As an official document, it would likely be handed over to the Head Archivist, available to both parties but never to leave the confines of the Royal Archives. She responded with equal propriety before bowing her head slightly to them, not straightening fully again until they had stepped down from the raised dais and were proceeded out by servants. The thought plummeted in his brain, dipping down into his stomach, even as two servants ran up to him, slipping their arms under his shoulders and holding him up, since his knees had gone unexpectedly soft for some reason. . Will you still think the same thing once you hear their story? A small, dusty pink tongue had gently poked itself out from the corners of a mouth; slipping past soft pillows of pale red lips as startlingly silver eyes studied the quick handiwork. As the rays died out in feeble silence with the figure still paying no attention, it reluctantly gave up its place to make way for shining stars and a dark black sky dominated. It was quite chilly out tonight and Garen shivered, the wind ruffling his pale blonde hair, identical to that of his twin's. One could say however that Garen's skin is a slight shade darker and more tanned fair instead of porcelain due to the fact that Garen just loved to go outdoors and play rough, very much unlike his more introspective brother. If it got caught on something or the wind tugged on it just a little harder, it would probably snap and then the whole chain would fall to pieces. However Garen, being the stronger one, won the fight and straddled Cadyn victoriously smirking as he whooped. He stood up, attempting to storm off but was roughly pulled back down to the tiled roof by Garen whose hand had shot out from his side and was now wrapped around Cadyn's skinny wrist in a firm grip. right? Garen stared at him for a while before lying down beside him in the same position, arms brushing against one another as they stared in silence up at the stars. Good tingles, not those nasty pins and needles ones. The thought briefly passed over his mind. Garen pressed forward just a little bit to apply more pressure, his eyes staring into the depths of his twin's but before anything else could happen, Cadyn abruptly drew away. "I'm Lisa Browning. And Mina's world turned upside down. It was finally over. It was it that drove him to drink himself to sleep every night. But beneath the virtuous-widow facade she presented to the world was a cold, calculating, manipulative monster who used her feminine wiles to get what she wanted. Not that there'll be any more assignments for him, anyway. Not to mention the enthusiastic mamas who'd push their marriage-eager daughters at him at the slightest---slightest, mind you---hint of interest he show towards them. Anything. . College and high school students (the studious ones, at least) spent a good three to four hours here a day because of the welcomed silence. Yum. I plugged my earphones for more fun, and let the sounds of Fiona Apple drown me. An intruder. So I did the smartest thing I could and stuffed it in my backpack, smiling innocently. he commented. I narrowed my eyes at him, but his back was turned away from me. He finished putting away the books, and started to leave, before pausing and turning his head slightly. He wasn't that bad, I thought with a sadistic grin, forking out the sushi. I winked at him, and watched as he blanched painfully and swore underneath his breath. Man, I was making the poor dude hot and bothered! This guy was so hot for me. I let him have the twenty, and ignored the relief that filled his eyes. he said, without any enthusiasm at all. Oh, the question helped too. While I was oh-so-professionally buffing her nails, she started to talk about her crush, Jason Melding. Her eyes widened and she fumbled through her purse. She didn't even mention how that mongrel had called my flirting lame. Pretty people sucked. Which was normal to do in today's society. I gave him an irritated look and continued enjoying the sheer softness of the chair. He would never guess it. I said with a haughty tone. Only a complete loser with absolutely no life would do something like this. --Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more. Frozen pasta, yummo. he asked innocently. This way he wouldn't be able to question me for another minute! Definitely a mind-reader. Pop that dumb question that made everything awkward and not-friendly. Really thought about it. I thought my lie had been believable. Hopefully he'd do the scatter thing, which most people liked to do when they came near me. Holy crap terrified. --my mom would kill me if she heard that word-- Let's not forget I'm a senior. At least, it looked poisonous to me. He walked back to his cart casually and strolled out of there, while I stared at the air, jaw dropped. He didn't want to wound my tender heart! (My mouth was full of chicken bits. But I never get embarrassed, do I? And she wasn't even popular. But I really shouldn't really be talking. She fumbled with her glasses as she took the cards from the books, and didn't even glance at me. At her confused look,  I started gesturing, but Miss Ginger's eyes had cleared. Her lips slowly turned full. I did like him! I hugged him awkwardly around his waist. he asked. I didn't like him, so I wanted to easily and gently prick him off, like one would do to a sticky bandage. I inhaled sharply. I ignored how my heart fluttered a little. My hair was frizzy, so I had to dab it with gel, which only made it look worse than usual. I don't like him, really. So that I can scare Jimmy a little more. Carey smiled at him. I don't even know who she is. That's his name. My name is Guy. That wasn't so bad I guess. I scoffed, but Jimmy grabbed my hand as I started to exit the car. Gosh. I felt like I was going to throw up. And for the first time, I didn't mentally slap myself. he said, and smiled at me. What a great, great kid. He just shrugged. And his eyes were hazel and pretty and perfect. Very, very bad. It was the same survey I had taken a while ago, and my lips curved. he asked. Let me know? The night was truly beginning to look hopeless. He looked rather ordinary, truth be told, and had it not been for the big mouth to came with that clear temper he had, Alex would never have taken a second look. he said, wondering where the hell the bouncer was to handle this shit and more, just why he felt the need to get into something that was clearly none of his damned business. He had come over here to save a twink from getting his ass kicked but the added incentive of an abusive boyfriend had him staying. The punches that followed to the guy's face and head were just a sight to see and they had Alex wondering just why he had bothered to come over here at all because the guy clearly didn't need help, if any one did it was the big guy who was currently laid back on the floor covering his face with his arms. It was probably from the adrenaline and the amazingly one-sided fight he had just witnessed but it still had Alex raising a brow. He could certainly hope. He wasn't but he would change his course in order to get the two home without trouble. Why the thought annoyed him he had no idea, it just did. There were too many drugs and fights for Alex's blue blooded liking. But that the man had even asked creeped Alex out a bit. -. The flush that covered the man's face when he thought he was too ugly to catch Alex's interest even just to pay him back with a blowjob and more, that shoddy so-called house they were staying in that looked more like it was going to fall on top of them than keep the rain off. It was confusing and Alex didn't like the feeling. I'm aware it kind of sucks, but it seemed appropriate for the most part. Updates should be pretty fast. The door swung open and hit the wall beside it with much more force then I had intended. He un-muted the television and the small area was once again filled with the sound of an old sitcom and its laugh-track. Especially since we were both two people who loved to be lazy. He shrugged. I grinned at him. I watched as it fell to the ground with a thump and rolled across the wood. I murmured. It had been our hang out and place of refuge for the past five years. Thrilled with the idea, we made pages and pages of crayon-drawn plans, showing what our new hang out would look like. The price tag read 1,350. That was the deal, and Hayden and I weren't giving up. We even had fifty dollars left over to buy each of us our own reclining lawn chair to put inside. If we got home late and we didn't want to get in trouble for waking our entire households, we went to the shed. Since I was new to town and Hayden had no friends (although he refuses to admit it), our parents thought it would be a good idea if we started spending time together. Hayden and I had dubbed ourselves best friends ever since. I wanted to put more, but I'm not done editing it yet. oh well. Tastic. Skirt. Never mind that. I couldn't wait to get out onto the playground and meet some new people and make some friends. Then she packed a granola bar in his backpack and gave him a hug. In fact, I'm pretty sure there are still traces of mud caked into the fibers of that sweater, even all these years after the incident. When he realized that I had essentially stuffed a ball of wet dirt in his mouth, he spat it out angrily and returned my kindness twofold. In fact, we were covered head to toe in mud, but neither one of us cared too much anymore. I didn't get to be good friends with the two of them until the start of middle school, when I realized they were applying to Xavier's Fine Arts Academy, too. All I know is that when I started living in the same apartment with the kid, I realized my life had turned into one gigantic, un-funny cliché. But hey, I liked it that way. I asked him. I felt that I worked much better sitting near my friends. I gravitated to the seat she motioned to. Carson, on the other hand, was a jock and a bit cocky, but I could get used to looking at him for fifty minutes first thing in the morning. Sounds like a blast. And of course, I had a huge crush on him in seventh and eighth grade, but that was a long time ago. It was Carson. I guess I underestimated the mesmerizing power of his allure. I mumbled. He looked away quickly and picked up his backpack. As for makeup, I kept I pretty natural, just foundation, some mascara, and a rosy blush. I put my books on my desk and prepared for class. I needed to track down Riley before Shawn got to the cafeteria. He also got more attention from Riley than I did, and as her best friend, I had the right to be jealous of her boyfriend. I hated it when people I'm not really friends with tried to call me Holly; it just felt wrong. But this time, it was an exception. I trailed off, but she understood. There was no way. Shawn just shrugged his shoulders and shoved food down his throat. Thankfully, he tapped on Shawn's shoulder and not mine. I was too taken aback to realize what had happened in time to smile back. I cleared my throat and blatantly ignored her. That day, she decided to join us for lunch, which wasn't that unusual, but it didn't happen too often. Shawn seemed to be acting normal, but I just couldn't get his strange behavior out of my head. As I was putting some books away, I was met by yet another surprise visitor. He didn't even know me. Carson didn't directly compliment me, but just the fact that he looked at me differently was all I needed. Just as it's always been. In fact, it would do nothing but make it worse. An age, years ago in New York, when my mother was attending art school and my father was hopelessly lost while on shore-leave, wandering the city for the first time. A whirlwind romance quickly ensued, filled with sporadic phone calls and weekly heartfelt letters; each of which is still stashed away in some secret corner of their room. Our father would merely reply by calling her a ; an endearment he uses to this day, filled with every ounce of his love for her. Pops couldn't deny them. Day by day, the cracks in her mind slowly widen, pouring her soul onto the floor until she can't function anymore. All of it piles up to insurmountable heights. The smiles no longer reached her eyes and her laughs were less full, less genuine. couldn't do more than that. All who, in turn, put Mom on every anti-depressant, anti-psychotic, and supplement in existence; none of which have worked, at least not for any extended period of time. When we found a good mix (currently: meds, therapy, and classes), each of us did what we could to support her. The depression is just always there, pushed to the sidelines, tainting the mood of our  home until it eventually overwhelms her again. It's a glitch. . He will giggle, squeak and squeal at it like it's the most original and interesting thing upon this planet Earth. Good days mean I have my mother back, briefly. The tow-headed little man was so ecstatic over the new discovery, he fell over while clapping his hands, never once losing sight of the floating feather. Then it was back to his back, squealing and laughing once more, all the while chewing on his feet. He reminded me of a Yorkshire puppy, yapping for attention. And just as quickly as he'd become interested, the little bugger blew a raspberry at his former friend and crawled away toward more exciting prospects, without so much as a glance back in the feather's direction. It was as close to perfect as we get. And now, I'm starving. Our kitchen is usually stocked to capacity, largely due to me and one of my slight glitches that verges on neurotic OCD. I know how ridiculous the stress over empty cabinets is, but it can't be helped. Certainly, not Cecilia, though I'm sure she has other talents. However, I don't want to chance that he'll gravitate to the TV or his old room. I suppose that's one of his glitches. Simon is caught completely by surprise when I snatch the spray hose and release a deluge point-blank in his face. Surely, the whole house can hear the commotion. All the while, Silas just glares at us from the entryway. It's not like he's wrong about Silas, but still. Well, more specifically my bedroom and Silas' attic hatch. I swear, one day someone is going to sneeze four blocks away and the whole thing is going to collapse, probably somehow impaling me in the process, knowing my luck. When he finally levels a glare my way, his eyes are storming; deep blue with the gray of rolling thunder echoing behind. At least, Silas is emo-brooding with a proper soundtrack. There's plenty of ammo in this chaotic pit. Snatching a shoe from the immediate right, but unwilling to hit Silas with it directly, I chuck it within inches of his head. I don't like hurting him, but I can't handle this anymore. I feel like he's purposefully sprinting in the opposite direction. Half of it has ended up on the floor while a good portion is currently being used as face paint. spent, I guess. I do not expect him to drop by every day like he used to, or even a daily phone call but the truth is, I've hardly seen him in the last month and I miss him. There's no one to take care of me, when I need it. Even still, I notice Simon's are glassy. Squeak loves that damn bear and won't sleep without it. or just want to get really fucked-up together. There's really no need because I make him laugh anyway. It's another reason I don't smoke that often. And I'm pretty sure I'm in love with him. The sound just makes me laugh more; the wonderful effects of THC soaking into my bloodstream. Simon's laugh bellows out, despite his confusion at my fit of giggles, while his eyes shine bright neon once again. What I can see is obscured by his curtain of black bangs and dark hoodie. It's then that I notice him roughly working the keys around in his hand. So, you'd think he'd realize to quit fucking smiling when snidely insulting our younger brother; especially when he knows it pisses me off. . Then Simon catches my hand and squeezes, pleadingly tight. As always, he'll listen as I ramble until he can figure out exactly what pissed me off. And of course, I do. Silas' plethora of offences have steadily grown and bled together for a number of years now; makes it difficult to pinpoint the exact beginning. At other times though, he's a fucking asshole and requires a reality ass-kicking. Inevitably, Silas swaggers off the wagon creating as much chaos as possible. So, I hardly try anymore. Nearly as tight as me and Simon. He's sure Sylvan and Simon assume he's left, but curiosity has gotten the better of him, as it often does when it comes to brothers' conversations. Silas agonized over the idea that he'd disappointed his family, but his brothers in particular, each placed high upon a golden pedestal. Then, as worried ranting devolved into relentless sarcasm and belittling lectures, the guilt twisted into hostility and bad blood. glitch was and be happy again. That's when eavesdropping went from a countermeasure to a fixation. The youngest blue-eyed Wolf has no one to talk to, no one to  with at all. Limits that he, at just sixteen years old, seems to have already exhausted. Commiserating Continues Simon offers, presenting the glowing bud with a mischievous grin. Eyes closed once more to revel in the scent of marijuana and Simon's cologne, the aroma of sandalwood and fire. That's what I get for concentrating on his mouth and not on breathing. Again and again, he holds on to a naive hope that Sylvan will pull away, force Simon back and leave him as cold as Silas feels now, but it never happens that way. Silas watches, helpless and heartbroken, as Simon presses into Sylvan's mouth. Silas wants nothing more than to forget the scene he's just witnessed. Audible Waves I ask over the experimental rock flowing out of my brother's speakers. He's been feeding my addiction since I could toddle and keep a beat. I can feel my breath hitch, staggering out of my lungs quietly. The rhythm is lulling, rocking me back and forth and side to side causing my eyes to shutter, to better hear whichever band is currently playing. But in the wee hours of this morning, Sylvan isn't sleeping in his bed. But the bed is undoubtedly empty and the sight of it leaves Silas undeniably disturbed. Still, he feels compelled to confirm it, to see it with his own eyes. Sylvan's head on Simon's thigh, Simon's fingers laced into Sylvan's hair, both sleeping soundly; it's a hard punch to the chest. I vaguely recall fingertips stroking my hair. Then he just leaves, turning abruptly for the stairs. For a long moment, I feel like I can't draw a full breath. He should still be awake. Simon smirks at the silence. When his arms pull my back flush against his chest, my heart races and the blood rushes through every nerve ending. Somehow, I manage to keep my voice even, despite the knot in my stomach. Simon easily sidles away from the attack and pushes at my shoulder. His words are lost on me because I'm currently incapable of listening. I barely catch it. I don't know exactly how long it takes, but roughly three songs later I'm out like a light. Simon's breathing gently against the fabric of his pillow, pulling it close with hands tucked firmly beneath it, the sound grounding me more firmly in the world. Simon's color isn't so pronounced, being a deeper shade, almost like brick dust. But Simon, his auburn is pure and untouched by chemicals. But right now I know Silas needs me more. It creaks and rattles under the slightest weight, but Silas scales it every day, almost attacking the rickety, old ladder with his feet and hands. Though, he only did that when he thought no one was watching. Don't read. Or maybe it's because I can see something inside of him that no one else can. I never said it back, but he thought I meant it too. He's of course much stronger than I am, and even though I fight against him, he finally gets my pants down, and his own pants down to his knees. I open my eyes just as Jake Rutherford, the boy I can't seem to take my eyes off of, grabs Liam by the shoulders, turns him around, and punches him directly in the face. So I jog slowly after him, even though my head is killing me from when Liam slammed it against the brick wall and my legs are shaking. His arms are crossed over his broad chest, and he's just leaning forward on a leather couch. I've never gotten a really good look at him, without him making eye contact with me and forcing me to look away. It kills me. And all I can really focus on is those gorgeous lips of his and how badly I just wanted to kiss him. I finally admit. I need to. He's fucking intense. He pushes me over the edge for the first time when he adds another finger, and then another. He's rather rough until he reaches my hymen, and his eyes widen. And then a few moments afterwards, he comes as well, and he pulls out of me, falling onto his back. It's going to happen sometime. The whole cafeteria goes silent. He has to be. They're just popular teenage girls who stick together to gain more power. When we're outside, Jake runs his hands over his face, looking incredibly stressed out. But we can't always have what we want. I know I shouldn't – I should just let it go, but I grab onto his arm gently. He just crosses his arms over his chest, staring down at me. I don't even think as I follow him. He just doesn't show it. Not really. And it doesn't hurt. There's nothing more pathetic then sitting alone on the bleachers. It is clear that there all deciding whether or not to defend me or agree with her and look cool in front of the boys. Liam would be pissed. Well, in public, at least. No one else has ever caught on. What the fuck is going on? Somehow, they still fit. I had been so wrapped up in the whole Jake mess that I didn't even bother to figure out what I was going to do about the fact that I no longer have any friends. I turn around to find Liam standing there, with an angry, determined look about him. I start to feel slightly woozy. My head collides with the ground, and I'm out. Sure, I want Liam to suffer, but there's blood everywhere already, and it's making me sick. And I just sit there, against the wall, wide-eyed, terrified that I can't do anything to stop and control the situation. I feel all dirty from Liam's attempted rape, and then all the blood…It just makes me sick. He smiles bitterly. His eyes widen slightly. I lean forward slightly so that my mouth is by his ear. He supports himself over me, making sure not to place all of his weight on me. After a few moments, he pulls away. I blush, and attempt to cover myself up on instinct, but he pulls my hands gently, and pins them down against my hips. I reach up to place my hand against his chest because it looks so beautiful and he just chuckles softly, taking my hand and places it back down by my side. He resumes his previous position – supporting himself above me. I can't help but wiggle slightly, and he chuckles softly, and removes his finger altogether. Then I remember that I'm aching for his touch and I glare at him once again. He eyes me, and pulls off his boxers, unleashing himself. And then I smile. I sit there on the floor, feeling like an idiot. Have a great weekend! ". Only one unfamiliar figure could be found trudging through the snow so early. And the strong coffee aroma wafting from the building was too irresistible to ignore. Then, shoving my feet into a pair of boots, I grabbed my coat from its hook and threw on a scarf. And at such an early hour of the morning, the snow still lay untouched by the usual bustling crowds on the sidewalks. Whatever it was each time, it was the one thing that I looked forward to and the one thing that got me through the rest of the day. Then I eagerly pushed the door open and fully welcomed the heat of the building with a sigh of relief. He also genuinely cared about what was going on in your life too. The other customers' faces were familiar too – the early morning coffee crowd usually didn't change much. The only thing I couldn't make out was the color of his eyes, as they were still covered by his hair. But who was he? Looking up at the person I had knocked into, I was met with a pair of brilliant blue eyes. I found myself staring into those intense blue eyes and wishing that I could have someone like him. A few more people walked into Starbucks and I figured the mid-morning rush was almost upon us. I had been caught, and I hated that. Christmas alone without any family because they didn't want me there anymore was depressing enough, but stupid fate had to keep rubbing it in by flaunting some gorgeous guy in front of me to remind me of my recent breakup, and that I'd be spending Christmas without anyone to love as well. She and Dave were the only two people who made holidays even somewhat special for me. Another one of the usual morning coffee pursuers had just walked in and I gave the woman a faint smile, which she warmly returned before announcing to Dave that her Christmas present had come early. I just resumed my reading for about half an hour until I had to leave for class. I took one, maybe two steps in the powdery snow when someone shouted out at me. Those blue eyes were staring down at me and, for a moment, I couldn't even breathe. Was it even possible for him to like someone like me? ? Sorry to those who opened this and found a huge blob of words - the formatting was kinda screwy but I needed to post it first before I could fix it. . . She would never have her stomach sticking out like that, and she would never eye him like a piece of meat. However, right after she noticed him typing up a paper on his laptop, she draped herself all over his roommate, Sean. When she'd walked in, he'd hurriedly slammed the book shut and waited for her to do exactly what she had done. Sometimes he went to the library, sometimes he strolled around campus listening to his iPod, and sometimes, if it were after three o'clock, he called Angie. According the clock on his cell phone, it was 2:45, meaning that Angie was just getting out of school, though she always forgot to turn her cell phone on until approximately three o'clock. After pulling his sweatshirt over his head and running a hand through his dark hair, he jammed his iPod earplugs into his ears and listened to the first song that came up when he hit Shuffle. But the look that Sean's hookup had given him was much stronger than he was used to, and it unnerved him. . There was no other reason for why their relationship had lasted as long as it had. But most of all, he missed her—his sarcastic, oblivious Angie who could always make him laugh. His Spring Break was coming up soon, and he was ecstatic about seeing her again, but until then, simply hearing her voice would have to do. Man, he thought with a smile, he was really crazy about her. And the worst part about it was that often, after he told them, the girls either didn't believe him or didn't care. He knew that she knew that he'd never do anything to hurt her. Mentally, he was berating himself for not simply going to the library when she arrived. Even after Alex told her that he was pretty sure Sean wouldn't be back for a while, she insisted on staying. He wasn't going to get anything done if this chick refused to leave. Besides, the paper could wait, he decided. He couldn't put his finger on what exactly about her tone of voice that irked him, but nevertheless, it did. It just made him realize even more how much he missed her. He even remembered the faint scent of pizza in the air, coming from a nearby pizza place built into the airport. He thought that maybe Lydia was trying to be sympathetic, so he just let her sit there next to him, using his shoulder as her headrest. This was too close and too personal. She sat up, straddling his waist, and gave him a coquettish smile. Wrong, wrong, wrong. Alex was grateful at first, until she went over to the desk and answered his phone. He felt like the world had just ended. If Lydia didn't leave soon, he wasn't sure he'd be able to restrain himself from hitting her. With a wink, she was out the door, gently closing it behind her. It was over. But each time, it kept on ringing until he heard her voicemail, at which point he would hang up, deflated. She was probably just calling to chew him out until his ear fell off. He knew it was naïve and futile to think she might have come to meet him at the airport, but he still couldn't help feeling upset when his mother informed him that Angie had been too sick to come. If she had finished grieving, that is. Alex figured they thought that he was concerned over Angie. Giving his pocket a reassuring pat, he pushed the doorbell. Her eyes widened to twice their normal size when they saw him standing there. Not until she forgave him. That's not sleeping around. Her eyes were wet, and her voice hinted at tears. He wanted to whisper in her ear that everything would be okay. he begged. He said whatever came to his mind. To admit to it. Her face was streaked with tears, and it was all he could do not to go over there and crush his lips against hers. Even if she didn't say it, he knew it, almost as surely as he knew that he loved her. Angie stared at it with wide eyes. She blushed and stuffed the candy bar into the front pocket of her—formerly his—sweatshirt. It had cost him a lot of money, depriving his bank account of dollars that he needed, but he knew that getting Angie back was worth it. After ogling some more, she took the box out of his hands. I'm not sure how accurate it is for the second reason, but it's the product my best efforts, and I had a couple of friends look over it to tell me what they think. Hehe. hope i manage to surprise some of you who remember this fic from before. I didn't grace it with more than a roll of my eyes before I turned and continued on my way down the hall to my class, where I sat alone. It's always best to play it low-key, after all. It would just be annoying if he did. He's petite and blond, looking eerily a lot like his mother; it's actually a bit scary in how much he does look like her. I went over and placed the bundle I'd carried in beside of him, opening it up and removing what I'd need for his herbal treatment. And later, when he'd initiated our relationship…that same vitality that had drawn me to him gives him the ability to surprise me often. He pulled a protesting face when I directed him to drink the concoction that I'd made up for him, but as always, he didn't verbally complain about its slightly bitter taste. Almost unconsciously, I reached out and touched his face, watching as it caused him to turn and nuzzle against his pillow in sleep, exhaling deeply before stilling again. I was melancholy as I pulled my truck out into the street and headed home; during that interval of his crying and falling asleep, I'd felt his emotional withdrawal, and knew that it was only a matter of time before he broached the subject of us separating. Go figure, eh? He let go when I moved away, at ease now at seeing me briefly smile at him before I turned and went to my bedroom for the night. She grew more vocal in her persuasions to get rid of me during the year or so of my living with them, more vocal in her opinions of foisting me off onto the state, or with some old family friends who had once said that I was welcome to stay with them until I was old enough to care for my own financial needs. The mark was set and I had time to regain my seat before Lila returned, not paying me the slightest attention; she'd suspected nothing. Putting my shirt over my nose so that I could breath, I went around and snuffed out what was left of the smoldering cones, my head throbbing as fumbled with the latch to my window, finally allowing bursts of cool air to clear my lungs and head. I had to laugh, shaking my head as I pulled my shirt over my head and tossed it on top of my hamper, too tired to place it inside until tomorrow. warlock is another term used loosely. Kudos to the very first dude who ever said that. Then I'd go crazy at the hardware store. Like McGuyver. You'd think the mean IQ of our batch plus the rigorous admissions process plus the hellish college-like curriculum would have dealt with that already. If they're not even paying attention, there's no use for this shit. class? What the fuck was that? needs? With that done, he tossed another happy glance at Katrina's group, thus eliciting an eruption of hyena-like giggles. He even got those plastic earpieces and cool spy sunglasses. I just hope they'd dedicate a statue for my heroism later on. As if. Did they discover the thousands of music I downloaded via torrent? . High five, yo. I didn't know any jet-black haired, broad-shouldered 6 footer with smoky, silver eyes who looked a bit like Sean O'Pry, only better. No. I kinda hope so. A pinkish tinge appeared on his cheeks and he hastily looked away, looking extremely annoyed and uncomfortable. I watched with slight amusement as his upper lip twitched while going up, revealing sparkly canines. Then I heard a lot of shuffly steps that sounded like they were moving away from me. Mojitos? A little boy in a batman costume waving at me. I yelped as the blanket shifted in my arms. . . I nodded slowly and awkwardly. What does he need from me? When it was clear that the baby was not going to wake up (and cause hell), we breathed out sighs of relief. Rather, I'd like an explanation about this kid in my arms. What the hell was up with the glaring? And he was fast approaching me with what looked like a baby bag and a blue bassinet. Insert sarcasm. They both turned to walk away from me. The type who starts sentences with , and peppers it with . Hahaha. Are you? So, my brother went to college and got himself a degree to appease Dad, and is still unable to cook to save his life, he would burn water if asked to boil some; but by the time I returned from my two-year course in French Cuisine at Le Cordon Bleu, Nate was midway through his rookie season in the minors and was being courted by several NHL teams to join their ranks the next year. I had missed them all so much. He pretty much always let me do whatever I wanted. We talk. That's why he was so lucky to have me, otherwise people would have labeled him a freak but, under my careful guidance, he had actually been quite popular in our school years, even if more by association than by anything else. Unless you're Wolfgang Puck or Julia Child or someone. And me because I left for France almost right away after I got out of CIA. I put on the food network channel and began to lull myself with Rachel Ray's 30 minute meals. Molly had tears welling up in her eyes and a thick layer of dirt coated her bright purple shorts. I managed to straighten myself out, still holding a sobbing Molly in my arms. I rubbed soothing circles on her back and whispered reassuring words into her ear. She came up with new  everyday and was quickly becoming my biggest source of amusement. The relationships I formed with my campers were definitely some of the better outcomes and it definitely helped that most of them were adorable little troublemakers…like Molly. A smile broke out onto her face and I knew nothing good could possibly come out of it. I didn't get how she could be bawling her eyes out one minute and be skipping the next. I watched as his small hands dug into the sand, building up the walls until they were as tall as his knees. She yelled at him. It took all of my might not to break out into a full smile. All thoughts of the dungeon must have disappeared from her seven-year-old mind because she grabbed Ryan's hand in hers and sprinted towards the water. I wouldn't be surprised if the two of them decided to start dating the minute they hit puberty. It made me want to like him. I just wanted the candy! Not of a piece of grape flavored candy that's worth less than a dollar. A smirk graced his handsome features when he noticed I was staring at him. He made me happy and confused and frustrated—all at the same time. She wobbled towards me and I tried convincing myself that she was running so fast because she was a good camper and wanted to be on time to lunch. He was staring at me like he didn't want me to leave but at the same time like he wanted me far away. It was my night to host so were all lounging around in my cabin and the last thing I needed was for one of the munchkins to wake up. There was no way I could hear about his  one more time without bursting into full on hysterics. Kelsey had her cell-phone in her hand and was waving it around like it was on fire. Kelsey looked like she was about to have a panic attack any second. We looked at her, urging her to continue telling us the story. I looked at my watch it was nine forty-five. She was one of the newer counselors who started this summer. I raised my hand to wipe the hair off of my face and noticed the faint light flashing on the opposite side of the river. At least, he was a bit taller than Fletcher. Fletcher was here. I really should have taken a jacket with me. They were sturdy enough…most of the time. The less time spent with Fletcher, the better. It didn't matter how many times I made this trek before, I always got butterflies in the pit of my stomach. I looked up, expecting to see Hannah and Kelsey waiting for me on the riverbank. I needed to distance myself from him before I did something stupid—like jump his bones. I knew I should probably talk to him—about last month—about anything at this point. Looking at him made me forget about everything else for just a moment. His fingers started fumbling with his belt and he started to slide his shorts down his legs. Fletcher smiled and splashed the area in front of me. Fletcher was crazy if he thought I was going to jump in the water just because he asked me to. I blinked slowly and wiped the water off of my face. Maybe I could try and count all of them? In my underwear. I was feeling so many things at once, like I was about to combust at any minute. Fletcher immediately stepped in front of me, blocking the sight of my partially naked body from everyone. I don't think I could forget my night yesterday if I tried. The sandcastle was much larger than anything a seven-year-old could build and I couldn't help but walk closer to it out of curiosity. I smiled as Fletcher helped the little boy place the sand on top of the large sand castle. Their laughter faded into soft chuckle as they jumped around in the shallow end. I reached my hand out and shook some of the sand out of his hair. They were something I could definitely get used to. So I did. I'm done pestering all of you now! John Ryan Reyes didn't consider himself to be an asshole. Some days he simply wished she never even existed. . Yet, there she was. So ready to beat him down if he said the wrong word. completely and utterly vulnerable. That's not how they functioned. Instead, he frowned as he took in her full appearance. It wasn't that she couldn't, it was just that she could care less. Added with her provocatively low neckline, skimpy red dress, and high heels, she should have been beautiful to him. It always made him feel like he didn't have to pretend to be anything, but his (stupid ass) self. What pissed him off was the fact that it didn't have the usual power behind it. . And it only added to his annoyance. To actually hear her curse meant that she was hurting really bad. Hell, he felt like a fucking hero, and she didn't even touch his radio whole drive. Damn. She was kissing him back. The ten years of increasingly pent up sexual tension. Damn. Thanks for reading! My mind went completely blank. His pose was less threatening now. the let's have sex in public. Take that Lee Stanton! The low hum of students' conversations drifted lazily across the cafeteria as people milled about waiting for the beginning of the class day, and I tuned out the world, concentrating on not failing my latest assignment. Come to think of it, the voice on the intercom sounded familiar…. And his tongue in my mouth. I knew this silence from her wouldn't last long. Grinning, she pushed a lock of dark red hair behind her ear and clicked her tongue at me expectantly. Make a wish at 11:11, what else is there to do? It didn't hurt that he was very good looking and polite, as well as having been graced with the perfect body of a swimmer. Diana Carson was probably the nicest person I had ever met in my entire life, hence the reason why Diana and James would be absolutely perfect together. I couldn't have been happier that I had decided to double up in sciences that first year. After all, it would probably end up being a farce in the end. They fit together so well that everyone in the year above me was surprised they weren't dating by now. Now, I became Diana 's counselor in trying to persuade her to be more direct with the guy I really, really liked. Instead, imagine my shock when I felt his hand on my waist and his cheek pressed up against my own. Apparently by liking him longer, it gave me the right of way. James sat cross-legged between Rachel and I, facing the rest of my friends. The slightest bit of physical contact was enough to make me want to jump him. It wasn't who I was. I'm pretty much positive that covered the grounds for being sleepy. I tried to erase the image from my mind and turned back to my helpless friend besides me. I replied stiffly, stealing the packet from his hands. His voice had dropped to a low whisper, his mouth a mere centimeter from my ear. When our eyes met, she leaned back a bit and pretended to gag behind the two-some. I couldn't help but smile as a blush formed on her cheeks as he held onto her hand. I had heard sometime during fourth block that Rachel Hersh had fallen down the bleachers in our gym and broken her ankle. I laughed as soon as she was within a foot of me. His hands were shoved in his pockets, bracing himself from the cooler end of the winter breeze. I knew nothing would ever happen between us, even after Greg's reassurance. James was so ridiculously good looking that I'd have to be lying through my teeth to say no girl would pine after him. I sighed dramatically, turning to the silent passenger beside me. He sighed and left the car without another word. Yet, my lazy ass wasn't willing to get up and do something with it. When I finally found it, I brought the caller ID up to my face. my younger brother, Cole, cried out as my mother hit him on the head. Sure we talked in school and all, but we never talked through Facebook, AIM, and we never ever called each other. From that point on, I figured that James wasn't exactly the myth type of person. It's lovely how life works out. James Osmend, again? The very moment I said 'I'll', the line instantly went dead as I realized he had hung up on me. If it was, I was going to kill James after break without a doubt. I landed against a chest as I spun around, bracing myself to attack the person if he or she turned out to be a rapist or robber. He suddenly muttered, raking his hand through his hair several times. I retracted my hands and placed them behind my back. But based on the way he was acting, I could tell he wasn't going to get anywhere in the next ten minutes or so. My breath hitched as he took a step closer, but not enough to actually be physically touching. Either he was completely crazy or he knew exactly how to drive me crazy. I was still trapped in that state of shock that had taken over my body the very moment he said those five words. His hands grasped my own, silently pleading with me. My going with him to prom would ultimately kill her and that was the last thing I wanted. I wanted to spend hours dancing the night away and being with him. I could feel his eyes boring into me, urging me to continue. But based on the burning gaze he was giving me, something told me I wasn't procuring random sentences from my brain. I knew that I was throwing away the best thing that could possibly happen to me in my entire life. If anything, he purposely ignored me when I knew he saw me. I declined. My cry of shock followed when I realized that James Osmend was leaning against the frame of my door. He shut the door behind him and sat down at the foot of my bed. It was like pouring salt on a still bleeding wound. This was where I was supposed to beat myself over the head with a meat cleaver for being an idiot. It was as blissful as I had imagined, a feather's touch of a kiss. James whispered against my lips, cradling my face with both his hands. Nothing had changed in the past week; from what I knew, she still desperately pined for him. I couldn't stop myself from asking. Was it worth it? I was grasping him by his shoulder as his face buried into the crook of my neck. He pointed at his watch and sure enough, the numbers flashed in my face. He whispered, sealing it with a kiss. I want to watch super athletes destroy each other. Some sort of feedback would be nice. Thank you! she said finally, letting out her breath deeply. His mom's large brown eyes always saw right through him, and she was too close to figuring him out this morning for his comfort. Let me know if there's any mistakes! There was no reason for them to be shopping here other than that they wanted to, and for someone who would've given anything to be at the Target down the street right then instead, Jennifer found their actions mind-boggling. His come-on line: that it was  that she was wearing Keds. When she returned with the bigger pair, Jack's scowl darkened. She wasn't sure if it was Jack's burgeoning sense of style or the need to have something he couldn't, since an early slam from puberty made buying correctly-sized clothes way too expensive anymore. Jennifer might be a high school sophomore now, but she still remembered: middle school sucked. Now whenever he finished his green beans or carrots it was to see Winnie the Pooh giving him a thumbs-up. It was the store's version of an impulse-buy stand. His tone still had a slight grumble to it, but Jennifer knew that making conversation was as close to an apology as he was going to give her. The chain was made out of small, perfectly round links that looked to be brass or bronze. It called to the artistic side of her, which her friends liked to tease was the only side of her. Fine white sand filled the bottom like usual, but there was also a small pile of sand resting just above where the hourglass pinched together, and not so much as a grain was trickling down. Still nothing. It wasn't like she needed it, but it only cost a couple quarters, and when was the last time she'd indulged in jewelry shopping, cheap or otherwise? This necklace had been made to last. The speed limit went up while the quality of the sidewalk went down, until they were forced to share the bike lane with the litter. An old, small library made of pale yellow stucco that had a very small selection of books, most of which were out of date or damaged, and which more often than not carried within their pages foul odors, stray strands of hair, suspicious stains, food crumbs, or, sometimes, a single square of toilet paper pressed between the pages. Ones proclaiming  and  were the most common, but there were a few set up as address signs for visitors, of which there were very few. It was possible there were a few lurkers in the back, but on a Wednesday night at this library, she doubted it. Here the silence was absolute, save for the hum of the air conditioner and one rattling vent. There were stacks of outdated books waiting to be sent off to wherever outdated books went, along with new books that still needed to be sorted, labeled and stickered. With her permission, of course. Not that anyone believed the gangly bookworm. There were very few people who lived on their side who didn't share her worries. So long as he continued to accept them and enter her in competitions, she didn't much care. Making such a big guy blush was immensely satisfying for some reason. For all his new height, he had yet to gain any more width. Fortunately, after taking in Dustin's height, her brother seemed to decide that the comment had been sincere, and after pause acknowledged the words with an awkward jerk of his head—a nod tripped up by pride. It hung from her grip, the clogged hourglass swaying innocently, a glowing beacon of time frozen. Considering the strength of the light, she had expected it to burn. Having the necklace light up right at the moment he mentioned wanting a flashlight was a creepy kind of coincidence. What was she missing? It was pale and weak compared to the hourglass. Jack had already dumped his shoes somewhere and was seated at the table, chewing on his fork and glowering down at his baby plate. After a moment, she nodded to her herself and set the money aside, focusing back on her daughter with a tired smile. But argument only went with their mom so far. Her mother collected her briefcase, then came over to giver her a hug before heading out. she said. And no matter what her mother said about not needing help, if she was running herself ragged over her toad of a boss, then obviously that wasn't true. And if she couldn't give her mom the money, what would be the point? I can do it again. It startled her as badly as it had the first time. Jennifer thought, taking the necklace off and sitting down to inspect it more closely. There were no hidden switches, no secret panels that might hide a small battery—and frankly, no space, in either the base or the top. She had spent close to six months trying to teach herself to read it before giving up, leaving her with just enough skill to correctly pronounce what was etched onto the base of the hourglass without understanding a word of it. So, bear with me. ! People see me and immediately jump to the conclusion that I'm this blonde bombshell who doesn't have a care in the world. Besides, at San Fernando, being nice is way too hard to do. They steer clear of school functions; they don horrible anti-fashionable clothes, and find it their utmost duty to despise the 'popular' crowd. And she became the 'ice queen' that no one, (except Darren) wanted to deal with. ! Jackson didn't, but Marek did. Marek thought Jackson was overwhelming too, but the difference was that Marek wanted Jackson to overwhelm him and Jackson wanted something else. Marek was pierced to the heart every time Jackson's eyes focused on him. Jackson did not admit to any preference regarding Marek. He really faced his demons making the hollandaise sauce, careful that it didn't break. His bed was clean and so was he. The reason Jackson came was that he had heard that Marek was a very good cook and Jackson thought that he might be able to put the sexual tension issue to rest if they got involved talking about food. He had eaten the leftover souffle for breakfast and every green soft bite reminded him that Jackson had not spent the night. He had put the food into disposable containers to express his acceptance of the fact that he would never belong to Jackson. There was leftover hollandaise to which Marek added a little Spanish smoked paprika. He came home when it was dark, with a branch of bay laurel leaves, a sunburn, a tick bite, and a broken heart. He went home with a full stomach and a feeling that he had dodged a bullet. He hadn't accepted a new student in over eighteen months - maybe even longer than that; he didn't even remember. And she'd been doing it since eighth grade. . . . . . . . . This girl had something - she just needed a little more training and a lot more confidence. Do you know him"? He was crazy. So, that was her name. ? R&amp;R please! They want me here. But today my mum's all out of apple juice. I felt that intense gaze of his burning a hole right through the side of my head at dinner, and I saw his fists whiten and clench from the corner of my eye. Lenny gives me a look. Because I accidentally blurted it out when I was mad at him. But why? I'm in love with him. Which is strange, because I'm normally kind of well – not depressed. I spot a sports store and a ballet store, right next to each other and smile at the irony. I don't think they know the term 'good sportsmanship' let alone show it. I head, without a second thought, towards and into the sports store, a big grin on my face. . I look at my feet and press my lips together, that deep, disturbing feeling settling in my stomach again. I try not to gulp. I clear my throat and look away again. I bet you're wondering what the most inappropriate of times is, right? This place has a lot of memories. He just laughed, tossed it off, and continued going up and down with me in this blue singlet he'd had underneath. I look up at him, arching my eyebrows and rubbing my shoulder. It's starting to feel like back in high school, when mum would be nagging me to get up and go to school. He clearly just doesn't understand what it feels like; losing something that has a lot of meaning to him, like this apartment has to me. Not to mention Lenny will never want to speak to me again afterwards – he doesn't feel that way about me! I can just feel the anger in his eyes, and it's burning bigger, and brighter – nearly about to erupt outside of him I'm sure, in the form of words. Isn't it normal? I look over his shoulder at Lenny, and my heart skips; he's scowling at Landon. I suck in my breath, quietly, and make a bold move; I grab his hand. He puts his burger down back on the plate and crosses his arms, staring at me. As you get when you put banana in with mince meat. I'm getting there, I'm getting there. I smile as I hear quick, thundering foot steps come after me. I look up at him, eyebrows raised. I beat my fist on the machine and cross my arms, glaring at the screen. I frown and go to check my wallet to see if I have more change, when I'm bumped aside by Lenny. I mean, it did that for me on my second go, too. He stiffens in my arms. I better let go. I look up from my spot enveloped in his arms, and look at his eyes, which are shut tight. I put my hands on his chest and gently break away. Lenny looks away and grabs the stuffed Spiderman out of the claw machine. I sigh heavily and close it, locking it with a button and then climbing my way back to my apartment, staring at my feet. The stupid rails; one time they caused me to fall down the whole flight. I blink. I look away and he walks over and plants his hands on my shoulders. He bites his lip, and my eyes flicker down on them. But he's forcing himself to try and act natural. It's only making me feel less and less like packing. But he just has to. My lips start to tremble and I bring my fingertips to them in horror. I'm moving, happily moving at that. It's completely mental. He most certainly did, and if you ask me, that's a fairly personal bit of input on his part. But I have to know. It's pretty unbelievable, the thought of him liking me at all – but liking me that much? I'm scared how much I more than like him. Lenny's eyes are pretty unreadable, and mine – I'm having a hard time not looking like I want to kiss him. He looks right into my eyes. Anxious for it. Only much more than I even knew myself. . I just know it. I shift my weight and look at Lenny, who is looking at me, hands in his pockets, serious look on his face. but I can't, not now. And I can still hear him. Sliding my phone back in my pocket I stay silent, staring blankly back at Lenny. Lenny stares at me like I'm a mad woman. High-larious! I just thought it'd be something fun to put in but it's hard to put in a guy full on fighting with a girl without him seeming like a total asshole. cute too, apart from the whole killing-raping-committing-suicide thing. All MINE. ! I've just given up on him. ). Even though we're only friends, you can't blame me for thinking he's hot. My other three friends, Haven Romani, Jade Reilly and Cheyenne Kerrigan are all amazing, and there couldn't possibly be any friends better than them. But I'll say it again: Joel and I are just friends. She is nice to everyone, and smart and even though she's friends with Aimee, she's friends with everyone, and everyone likes her. I sighed, and went to get a drink, so much for a peaceful night of being alone in my room reading. I try to act all cool about it. I look over his shoulder, (which is hard to do, since he's more than a foot taller than me) and say,  I laugh at the look on his face. I don't know how long I sat there crying, all I knew was that some time later, I heard the door open. He came over to sit next to me on my brother's bed. The only thought that was going through my head was 'God, I hope my brother doesn't find a need to come in his room. I felt like crying again, I don't know why, but I did. I was about to walk out of the room when he called my name. So, I called Kirby. That night was the beginning of my long crazy life story, that's still incomplete. ! ! Prologue. Watching her only son break into pieces had nearly crushed her, but she didn't have time for that then. He distracted her from the lawyer mode, and although she was a corporate lawyer, she wouldn't have let Connor go to this meeting alone. Neither of them slept well that night, and they were both antsy at breakfast in the restaurant in the hotel. They took the elevator to the fourth floor, and they both took a deep breath before opening the large glass door. But he couldn't exactly place her, and he said as much. Sadie and Charlie sat quietly while Connor processed everything. Literally. But it all pointed to his being exactly as he'd just described himself. And she didn't like it. Then she saw the hurt and emptiness. But she needed her son to be okay first. But then – the sun went down, and I realise just because it's sunny, doesn't necessarily mean it's sweat-inducing hot outside. . Smiling, I close my eyes and think back to my villa by the sea, and can feel the rock of my dad's fishing boat and the sun on my back, the light breeze picking up my hair. Upon reaching the entrance I notice that there are two, one for boys and one for girls. I mean, it's just a little boat ride, isn't it? I'm following it back to where I am, when someone clears their throat. I don't even know who he is. Just looks at me, kind of like he's annoyed and also not a little insulted. . They both look really mean and grumpy, and they both were rude to me. I look back to the guy and he's glaring ahead. ? Keep your head in that direction, Roxy, keep your head in that direction. I look away very quickly, not unlike the girls in the line before I got on the boat ride. And he, who also experienced those same things in this little boat, completely ignored me after them. Which is a lot more kissing than I'm used to. If a little antisocial and not very informed on the after-kissing-protocol . That he just stops, shoves you into the seat in the boat next to him and ignores you, pretending like what happened well, didn't happen. With a boy! With the lips, and the hands on the waist, and the speeding up of my heart. I mean, is kissing a random guy – one which you happened to be mad at the time – back really such a good sign about my morals? But I should have. His hand is held out for me, and his, now I notice, dark brown hair shines in the rides' and shows' lights. She's been going on like this for about two minutes already, and she seems to be thinking pretty hard, too. although, I'm not sure I'm meant to kiss boys I'm not going out with. But then he bit my tongue, and it bled – and that was just the last straw. It's not important how many. If only they knew what kissing Thane Richards is like – if only I could do it again. I'll go crazy if I don't. In fact, she looks like she's got anything but a hallelujah chorus in her head. I try telling this to Dolly, but she shakes her little curly blonde head at me. It's just that I want to wait a little longer before I have to give it back, before I have to talk to him again. She obviously is way prettier than I am, and everyone knows boys care about looks first. Oh my God, I'm in like with a cheat. Thane raises an eyebrow. Even if that 'anyone' seems to kiss better than both Eric and my paperboy, both said to be incredibly good kissers. I'm living proof of it. I zip it up and shove my hands into the front pocket, narrowing my eyebrows. I'm an image of surprise in mine; I look like one of those women on the news that have had too much plastic surgery. Like she wakes up every morning and smiles the same sunny smile to her perfect sunny self in the mirror. It makes me angry. He is getting a little ahead of himself if he thinks looking at it had anything to do with him, though. I don't know what to do, as there's nothing really I've got to do on the computer, so I just type in 'google' and wait for him to go away. His short dark brown hair is all sticking up today, apart from his fringe, and he's wearing a tight fluffy white trench coat which is seriously questionable. He doesn't look like the type to go to the library, and none of his friends are in here either. ). The hugging, I mean. But it's not like that at all. I look at it like it's a dinosaur skeleton come to life in a museum, with added extreme distaste. It really emphasises how long his legs are. My knees hit the cold cement and my bones complain, sending out little shoots of pain all through my body. Her little blonde cocker spaniel wags its tail at me. It's a much more safe way of going about things, if you ask me. But there's nowhere to go. I gulp. I let out a nervous little laugh, and can't bring myself to move forward anymore. It's just that I have the tendency to want to live and not be poisoned by giant black creepy things in drain tunnels. I inch up and am about to crawl back onto my side of the drain when my name is called. Maybe if he doesn't see my face he won't recognise me. Dolly stands next to him, glaring at me a little but rolling her eyes and crossing her arms. Oh, and yesterday and the day before that. Like I've done something to piss him off. . I put the DVD down, and gulping, make my way through the shelves into another section. Frowning, I step away and am about to move on to another section when I bump into someone's chest. Forcing a fake smile I hold it up higher, but unfortunately my voice gets a little higher too,  I want to know. But it's impossible to cheat on someone whom you weren't even going out with in the first place. But he doesn't let it slide. I really can't imagine why he would. I clear my throat and hold my head high,  I give another little shrug to hide my embarrassment of the words. All because of one – very hot – short make out session. Who is also too busy looking at me – very sternly. But I'll try and get up a chapter of  soon after I finish my lit work today. . Romance, Humor and General are the preferred genres. ! Just barely. Matheson's grandfather had founded the Hannah's Homemade Products over seventy five years ago and the business grew by leaps and bounds when his father took over. Matheson thought that it was because his father missed baking and wanted to get his hands dirty every now and then. Matheson couldn't remember a time when Mavis wasn't there when he was growing up. They hadn't started pestering him until last year when he turned thirty and then they kept asking him when he was going to bring a girl around for them to meet. Gregory wasn't so sure. This must be the granddaughter that was bringing Mavis to the dinner. She wanted everything to be perfect. I wonder what could be keeping her". She quickly signed the papers and got back in the car. They would most likely smile their fake smiles and hide their silverware. No doubt they were high and mighty white folks for sure! Val couldn't make her understand that there wasn't one to bring around. At twenty six, most other females spent their weekends hanging out with friends instead of taking their grandmother to a boring dinner! She bit her lip and looked away. Val gritted her teeth and turned up her nose at him. Matheson saw what she did and proceeded to study her a moment but didn't comment. He was handsome…for a white guy and she watched as his eyes quickly roamed over her again and he then quickly turned his attention back to Mavis. Matheson pulled out her grandmother's chair and then he sat directly across from VaLysia. She saw the look her grandmother was giving her, and sipped some more water. She wished the evening would end soon so that she could go home and curl up with a book. With her attitude, he could see why! She had all but called him whitey to his face. He liked boobs himself and he wasn't into big butts and bad attitudes. She gave him a challenging stare. Their standard of beauty didn't include any dark skinned kinky head black women like her! He quickly did damage control. He had never acted like that before. She remembered the feel of him under her hand and the thought of it made her stomach do flips. The memory of the kiss and the feel of him under her hand burned in her memory. Where to begin? Which I happen to have: my grandfather as the former dean of the academy and my father, the head of NASA. But I am no Megan Fox or Tyra Banks. Welcome to McAllister Prep! Still, they were both during different seasons (Tennis during the spring, badminton winter) so nobody bothered me too much about it. I guess you could say that the entire school was dominated by the boy to boy rivalry. . I smiled innocently and held out my hand. I hissed under my breath. well I don't know what but it was just easier. He shook his head slightly and looked away from me. He shot me a wink as he bolted for the door. But playing stupid was much more interesting. Stupidly thinking that Nate actually believed it hadn't been me, I excused myself from class to go to the toilet a few minutes before the bell. Laughing inwardly at my awesome plan, I readied myself to strike; this time aiming for his left cheek. The dimple reappeared, and I took my opportunity to strike while his attention was directed at the sharpie mark he'd left on my own cheek. Nate was too surprised to pull away and only touched his cheek in wonderment when I took a step back to survey my handiwork. I was in a little bubble of ecstatic bewilderment. My message was rather embarrassing, after all. He lifted his eyes and shot me a mock glare. With a concentrated look on his face, Nate got to work. However, he did exactly that. Feeling my cheeks heat up, I tried to turn away from Nate before he could realise. S2 Nate. It was. Hoots and howls sounded around the classroom, and I could lightly make out a voice telling everyone to be quiet. I was pretty close to collapsing onto the floor and very nearly did when he bit gently on my lower lip and entered my mouth to play gently with my tongue. I was positive that theme parks were my world. And when you were a little kid you would fall for it only to realize half an hour later that it was work and not much fun. And, don't even get me started on the annoying peppy girls you work with. I waited for her to continue and when she noticed I wasn't going to say anything, she frowned but continued her little story. Isaac: he's twenty-one) until their little hearts desired. This time I only grinned which, I guess, encouraged her to continue talking. Maybe later on when she were over age…yeah, totally. ! A mental light turned on and I waved my hands. With nothing credible to respond with, I merely shrugged. I suppose it came with the territory of practically living at the local gym. The university was fifteen minutes away in walking distance, and less than half by vehicle. Mind you, I had heard enough stories over my time in the dorms to dream up what took place inside these four walls, but reality is always much different than the fantasy world we build in our minds. I was trapped. I decided to go ahead and post two chapters today. I hope that one of these days you'll be able to forgive me. I suspect that while his words were a formality, all of the empty space he left represented what he really thought of our relationship. Actually, the uncommon thing was that I was still in bed. I had nothing to worry about. But I guess true love- or something like that- won out in the end because they're together, and after devoting two years of my life to Derek, all I have is this sadly impersonal letter to show for it. And I was going to do all that I could to ensure it would turn out to be the best day of her life. She eyed me suspiciously. Gracie laughed, raising her glass to touch mine. She took it gratefully. I took the shot, this one being much more enjoyable than the last, and came to the conclusion that no matter what, I would not let Derek or anybody else ruin my best friend's wedding. Naturally, I was the best candidate for this. If that was the case, then he wouldn't have much time to drive home, pick it up, and drive back here before the wedding was supposed to start. Evan walked over to my side of the car and smiled at me brightly, putting his arm around my shoulders. Evan nodded and started following Jake, leaving me alone at the car. I couldn't see it, but I didn't argue. Surprisingly, Gracie wasn't ordering anyone around or pacing around nervously; in fact, I didn't even see her yet. They turned when I entered, and one of the men pointed his gun straight at me. She shook her head furiously, looking from me to them. We both knew her pleading was in vain. Before we could reach the door, it flew open. Evan, seeming to notice his friend's hesitation, took charge. His arm pushed against my stomach, making it hard to breathe. On second thought, it probably wouldn't be a good thing if anyone else came; they undoubtedly wouldn't think of bringing a gun with them. Everyone else was so focused on the argument between Jake and the second man that they didn't seem to notice our little exchange. I was decent at lip reading, but I was no expert. My foot didn't seem to be much of a weapon compared to his shiny gun. It seemed that Evan and Jake had gotten Gracie and me into this situation, but I was supposed to trust him? I couldn't do it. I slowly lifted my foot, steadying myself to get as much power as possible. My head hit the corner of a square table as I fell. When I catch you (and I most definitely will), you will be sorry. The last thing you need to contract is STDs through the phone. Please don't complain about it. It was practically his day job. (Corny was always a bit of a nut, even prior to the incident. She knew full well the difference between dicks and assholes. Audrey unfurled the bag, poked her face inside. With shaking hands, she opened the locker again, grabbed the box of mints, flung the box into the locker—all to have the box explode in a fit of joy, little mints raining all over Vitelli's locker and across the floor. Vitelli calmly evaluated the scene of the crime—locker door opened, mints scattered across the floor, two chicks and a potential gay dude hovering ten feet away, and a girl with a hell of a lot of moxie inches away, trembling in his arms. What were these things, and who was Eli Vitelli? Some more slow typing. Especially ones that didn't get past the pseudo-pornographic greetings stage. He didn't sell dick. . Was it? I laughed. But I only use my lying ability for fun. I scowled at him and he grinned. I grinned. Since when does Tucker Brady chuckle? I never blush! Katie Krayon does not blush. He chuckled. He only smiled, genuinely. Maybe I always have". Damn him for making me doubt myself. His eyes flashed as he took in the redness left where Gregory's hand had gripped her arm. Harmony demanded, slamming her palms on the kitchen table Melody was sitting at. ' She stalked out of the kitchen, wishing it had a door she could slam in anger. He was sitting on her bed when she dragged herself into her bedroom five hours later. he exclaimed. Lust, to be exact. she added quickly. And it definitely wasn't hard to destroy all the material once they managed to get their hands on it. Regardless, it was clear that he could do no further damage without risking his own figurative neck, and it came as no surprise to anyone when he dropped out of school shortly after the incident. ! . He's not going to like it. After a while you learn not to even try. Not long enough for the smoke break I'm dying for, but long enough to clean up and get organized. Except me. His blue eyes are guarded, though. Then I won't have to see his reaction. His voice dries out, and he gives a little grunt to get it started again. I watch him gather himself together, twitch by twitch, knife accelerating back to its proper speed, face assembling a joking expression out of the remains of his hurt. . I book it back to my station. The shaker of superfine salt he whips at me goes over my shoulder and lands with a splash in the dish sink. But nothing can. But he just gives me a hard pat-shove in the direction of the dish machine and walks away. Do I go looking? Were they aiming for my back? I offer a hand. I'm going to make it happen. All that happens is I get my prep done well in advance and still have time for a smoke break. But it's Ryan's voice who calls for me to come in. Dane likes the hard way. Factory jobs don't make you come in on your day off. I know he never answers his phone unless the call is coming from the restaurant. I blinked and I'm on the fry station and Dane is my best friend and we do this every Saturday night. Dane has been making it his personal mission to grab my elbow whenever I wobble, and now he's just steering me around by it like I'm a shopping cart. I start to sway in toward him, but he puts his hand on my chest to steady me and that keeps me back. At least I gave notice and am training in my replacement. I wonder if he knew I wouldn't stick. My dinner prep's done, my station's clean, it's one of those moments that used to make me think I liked it here. I just walk out the door. Gil has a not-unsympathetic laugh for my trembling hands and stunned face. There's an ice-cold metal shelf digging into my back and I don't care. He feels like part of me. I hope I'm around when someone finds it. Grinning, he puts his jacket back on over his bare chest. And we start laughing out loud, because we both realize at the same moment that we have the opportunity to create a legend. Those dudes were crazy. I look at our potential legend and sigh through a grin. I could use the money, but I won't lie to get it. Because Dane's a fucking moron. Probably feels like the boss is betraying him. I put my hands in my pockets instead. You'd think he'd be mellower. I have to force them, and they come out funny. he sniffs, and rubs the heel of his hand angrily into his eye, like his tears are hot embers he has to grind out. My sleeve is dirty anyway. I beg. I don't know what he says back. It feels like somebody fucking died. I left all my friends in that kitchen. Get it out somehow. I don't dream. I wonder if the tintinitis will eventually become permanent. We stand there like that in the cold alley, quiet, until someone calls us back in. Half the day gone and my shirt is still clean. When my supervisor wants me to know something, he steps into my field of view and waves. It's like a goddamn vacation. The clang and roar around me demands nothing from my mind. It's like magic. There's raunchiness and inuendo up to a point, but that point is inviolate, and I don't really have a handle on it yet. I tell myself I'm too busy to be lonely. Home is not an inalienable right. I miss him, that's all. I can't have Dane without the kitchen. I inform my caller. Clue is trickling into me grain by grain. I'm not even going to yell at him for waiting four months to call me. Please, please, please. Now that the fun is gone, they would like to see if it can actually be made to turn a profit. He's not as drunk as he thinks he is. He's not going to know that unless I tell him, is he? There are going to be children in his dining room. No children small enough to screech, thank God. I like that. His skin glows, his eyes are full of self-directed amusement, and I want to throw myself at him and hang on and laugh like he's an airlift out of Hell. But I'm not going to preen. He pulls his hand away, swallowing like his mouth is dry. He disappears into the kitchen. It's pretty damn good, actually. And the freshly made potato chips with kosher salt are amazing. That glimpse of collarbone makes me shift in my seat. he sighs. Let's go on a date. Totally. Absolutely. I mean, Meg is in the room. And gross. Fun. I don't even think I could last being happy all the time. I innocently pat his back. So I'm waiting alone and fanning myself with a park map until they get in. He eyes the spot at my feet comically. She dramatically shoves three rectangular pieces of paper into my face. So I'd much prefer waiting in the quick ten to fifteen minute line than the outrageous ninety. We start moving away from the park entrance. I add thoughtfully,  I finish, circling my finger around the small picture. The park is full of hot sweaty people walking around and waiting in lines, I'd figure that some people would want a nice spritz close by rather than having to walk back to the other side of the park. Yes. If any. We HAVE to go back by the end of the day. That's it. Ew. Brushing her off, we end up waiting for another ten minutes or so before we get to the front of the line. I cough. The rest of the line meshes with the original line, and the three of us have to squeeze behind a group of probably middle school girls. I do, however, appreciate the line moving, and very soon we're only two rafts away from the front. . I suddenly feel left out. . Present Time. That's just great. I bite my lip wondering what I should say. I've been listening to her go on and on about Adam, and it's almost more agonizing than having to listen to her go on and on when Adam's here. The two of us combined would at least be acceptable. After a minute passes, I flip open my phone again and hastily text a quick message and press send. Now, all she seems to be doing today is stuffing her face in ramen noodles. He better. . Damn. I hate this loser and I hope he falls off the highest fucking hill on this roller coaster. Well, I lost my appetite a while back. So instead of standing for ten minutes as I've planned to do all day, Adam insists that we should stay the entire wait. Fault. That'll teach them. He's dressed differently and no longer wearing that clip on tie or name tag of the sorts, but either way, I find him jogging towards my direction and finally ducking underneath the railing and at my side. It's true. It's too late now though, I've waited too long. Pep talk it up. He ignores it nevertheless. The idea of being whipped around as the caboose on a roller coaster is just the ultimate park thrill, no matter what those lame front-row worshipers want to think. See you in 10. . I'M AN AWFUL PERSON AND MEG'S GOING TO DROWN IN HER TEARS! I glare, pointing menacingly at him,  Tugging Ian inside so fast he nearly falls over, I snarl,  and slam the door. Somewhat. I know the feeling. I wipe my palms against my jeans. For a near perfect second his lips brush against mine. This is gross. I punch him lightly in the arm and snicker as he loses his balance. intertwined. Almost immediately, I start to have sudden flashes of Elliot and I silently eating pizza and avoiding any eye contact, while Meg and Adam feed each other with their mouths and play footsie. ! The following morning apparently would be no exception. But they had started to fool around in the shower, one thing lead to the other and then, instead of being early, they were late and had to rush together to the restaurant also known as Red Robin, one of the best places to eat breakfast in town. A few months ago, Stella had landed a job as pastry chef at Zephyr's one of the hippest, coolest restaurants of the city, Jason was the executive chef at Zephyr and best friend with the owner, John whom, if Lauren's suspicious turned to be true, was going to announce that he and Stella were getting married. No matter that Jason had a toothbrush hanging out in Lauren's bathroom, or that Lauren had two drawers she called her own inside Jason's closet. And there was her southern charm –and accent – to sugar coat the deal. For the most part he was caustic; somewhat affectionate with those he loved the most but pretty dry most of the time. But now, looking at her busy use of the palm, he realized there was a lot more to it. -. Please enjoy! I screamed in rage. Obssessed to make them feel sorry that they ever decided to have stepped into that hotel. I doubted I would have gotten a good look, but it was worth trying to see if the 'rumors' were true. The elevator doors closed slowly, and I watched his eyes twinkle with something foreign as he calmly watched me disappear. You love them, I hate them. Most girls don't have a coffee-drinking-donut-eating cop for an ex boyfriend. Nothing should be able to stop me. Or at least that's what we all thought. But he never got caught for any of this. When switching coffee shops and even randomizing the times I went didn't stop me from seeing him, I knew the world was officially against me. And the chemistry was definitely there. I all but melted in my seat. Aaron Meyer was just still as attractive as ever. This was the closest I'd been to him in at least five years. I could only imagine that he was reminiscing. Recalling that night brought a smile to my face, as that was the night he claimed his win by making out with me like the lusty, hormone-driven teenagers we were. I wondered if he was remembering the same memory I'd just recalled. I was sure he had to have a girlfriend or even fiancée waiting for him at home, though, and that was why I couldn't let this go any further. What was that supposed to mean? I'd never openly admit that to anyone, but it was the truth. My mouth had gone dry and I wasn't sure what to say. So badly. I'd waited that long to kiss him, too. He always managed to leave me breathless. That was why I left, but to be fair, that was partly why I came back. Thanks for reading and I hope you can spare me a few seconds to leave some feedback! Feel free to leave it in a review or send me a personal message! They were like night and day - competing to master the sky. He blinked a few times and whispered,  in an apologetic voice, immediately regretting his action at the sight of tears. I resisted though, knowing that the satisfying sound of it breaking would wake my stepfather, Steve the Asshole. I had warned my mother before the wedding, but she didn't listen, brushing my concern off like a fly on her jacket. I chuckled again, humming a tune along with it. I already sensed that today was going to be bad. I mentally hit my forehead and walked past, my head lowered. Donovan returned my stare and turned away, murmuring something that made his friends laugh. I mentally kicked myself, way to be, Ellie. Think, think, think! I finished off lamely. I subconsciously reached up and brushed back a strand of blonde hair. This was after all, senior year. That he did. Maybe I'm being paranoid, but it's not like I have a row of boys wanting to walk me to class. . This was going to be easy and breezy. They didn't voice it or anything but people knew that was what was expected of him. An afternoon about a week back just broke the camels back. I remember it so clearly, even now I have to think of my Nana and her Donald duck tattoo to stop the blush of embarrassment. and so would more then half the people Julian Stanton has met in his lifetime. He had two living areas just on the bottom level of his condo. The silkiest hair, softest lips and the most stunning grin I had seen in my entire life. he said, in a semi-relieved voice. He didn't even look like he cared anymore, the blank icy look had crossed his features and stayed. It had gotten me more places then being a blond. Frankly, I just felt sorry for his daughter. He cradled me next to him like a big brother would which I was grateful for, you could always rely on Mason, even though the rest of the male population sucked. You see, my older brother and him are best friends, always have been, always will be and for the first seven years of my life I grew up believing he was actually my brother from another mother –Owen, my blood related, loving brother taught me that. I smiled weakly at him  I had learnt to stop using the word 'fine' around Mason since I turned eleven and broke up with my first 'boyfriend'…yeah, I was a little slut back then. And right now, I was thankful for that because if I wasn't getting lost in the chaos I'd be in a lot of trouble with my thoughts. Chelsea had fire red hair that went with her Artist/Fashionista personality, dark brown eyes and was about three inches shorter then me. And it was a baby cry too, not a silent grieving cry but a Toni Hart from Sonny With A Chance cry. And it would get better. This girl was really peeving me off, I mean, she was supposed to be natural as she walked into the leaves and she's pouting at the camera…Again. He knew from the first time I snapped at a model to stop me whilst we're ahead. He also had a little boy on the way which he was very, very proud of. Even though it was bordering annoying I loved her for it. The office was nice though, she had decorated it and it had good music coming from it all day, every day. I had died my hair back to it's natural colour; blond and I had my nails painted black unlike the French manicure. Inside however, the windows were open letting the sounds of the city fill the room, posters were on the wall, she had managed to fit a fold out couch in here, she had a small fridge next to the couch, a TV on the wall opposite it and a DVD player underneath that. I could see no difference about him; he was still as gorgeous as ever, he just looked more tired…but still so damn gorgeous. ! he deadpanned, his shocked look gone as fast as it had come, he was now, again, staring at me with a cold indifference. It was almost funny seeing it in a whole mass of BMW's and Chryslers. He had said so himself; 'If I wasn't married to Anya…' and then winked. he ushered us to a table by the window in the sun  he asked in his thick Italian accent. until he was done and had sat up straight again and shrugged at my appalled look; it had only been three minutes. Yeah, that's how bad. Because I was so engrossed with the cup I didn't see Mase pull out the ring box and tap it nervous-like. And ever and ever and ever and ever… I knew why he asked me though, Chels had no family except for us, and because I was like her sister I was going to be giving her away, she had asked me one drunken night and I had accepted. I was too happy for words. I said thoughtfully, fingering the ring box that was under his hand. Frankly, it was perfect. . It was beautiful in the morning - well, it was beautiful in the movies anyway. I guess there was going to be a few big names here. When we finally got inside, without stopping we went straight towards our boss, Mrs. Jane to tell her that we had showed our faces. You just couldn't be that skinny and eat that much. Mrs. Stanton being a former model and Mr. Stanton being born into the family business. She smiled at me and touched my ass lightly. Again. i guess. Some would say a match made in heaven, her to calm him down and him to stand up for her. I scurried off and found Dillon by himself, to the corner, drinking his own Champagne. According to Dillon I had to be nice to these people since they wanted to hire me to shoot for their company. Now. With Julian. Slowly it ebbed away to a look of anger  he let out a bitter laugh. he asked. My anger melted away as I realized this and he too seemed to realize something had just happened to me. Julian had me, and he didn't even know it. I turned to go, hurting like a mother, but was held back as Julian latched onto my hand. He opened his mouth to speak but shut it with an audible snap but then found his voice  he stepped closer and murmured  he rubbed circles on my cheekbone whilst looking deep, deep into my eyes. That's all I had wanted, all I had wanted was for him to acknowledge me and show his love to me in front of his family and friends and he was willing to do that now, he wanted me. I almost groaned; quietly wasn't a word he understood. Dillon asked, supporting himself on the side of the car, one foot in the drivers side. For once I was glad he lived far away from the city and in the opposite direction from here to my apartment. Not long after that, I was in my apartment kicking off my shoes and running a hand through my hair. These were the times I wished sometimes that my bed was pushed up on the wall or smaller; it was just another thing that reminded me that I was a loner. It was like being only half asleep for the whole night. And there's the cloud. I 'ooh-ed' and 'aw-ed' at the right moments as she told me about the romantic dinner and about how Mase got angry and almost ripped the ring off her finger only to put it on again because he hadn't done so the first time. I don't know how long we kissed but finally he pulled away and rested his forehead on mine, panting slowly. I looked up, surprised as Hell to see a few random people with camera's clicking away at my door that hadn't been shut and bursting with questions. I almost gave up on this because it was so long and I lost it a bit at the end but :) here you go. Don't like, don't read. Don't like, don't read. I promise it'll be good. Just like that. He was just weird. So, I figured, I'd stop the gayness and go for girls; it'd make it easier to fit in at my new school. Nobody came to talk to me so I got a chance to size up everyone in my tutor group. They giggled behind their manicured hands. I pushed the thought away and doodled swirls on my left palm. A faded black denim jacket ended just after his elbows, baring wrists covered in silver bracelets and long fingered hands with black varnished nails tucked into his pants pockets. You'd think that with makeup he'd look at least slightly girly; but the strong planes of his face, the way he held himself and the sparking of his eyes could leave no doubt that he was very, very male. I'm so screwed. His chiselled face broke into a smile Brad Pitt would envy and he made his way over to them. My heart accelerated exponentially. No way. Way. I stood up and felt like the ground was pitching under me. An identical twin. His eyes turned my stomach to jelly. ) Female x female or male x male incest isn't so bad, because there's no chance of kids resulting from the, uh, union. I am in no way saying that incest between two people who have grown up together or happens. Like I always did. At least that's what I told myself. Kind eyes, as my friend Heather would say, he has kind eyes. But he did so extremely well. And he had got me. The bus was crowded so I had had to stand, something I hated because I had no sense of balance. And when I looked back up towards the front, my heart sped up when I noticed his dark eyes on me. I remember thinking they were warm. He gripped the pole tighter and a wave of lust went through me, surprising me. Not his kind eyes. He always had a way of surprising me. He had never missed a lecture before and he intended to keep it that way. But he had this uncanny ability to give me one look and I would be willing and ready to drag him to the nearest private enclosure to have my way with him. A constant reminder of what we shared and what he wanted. And then he said the words that I both loved and dreaded to hear,  He whispered them, for just the two of us to hear. Someone who would actually say those words back to him and not hold them inside, locked away as if they were in a prison. He had cracked that wall, and I liked to believe that he chiseled it down even more everyday. Brandon would be able to hurt me in a way even worse than how my parents had hurt me. I could hear the hurt in his voice and it made my chest clench. I hadn't cried in so long that I forgot what it did to me. Maybe a good cry was exactly what I had needed. Because he couldn't be any more wrong. And I knew that if I had figured that out earlier, I could've saved the both of us a lot of pain. It was funny how the one person that knew me more intimately than any one was the same one that could make me feel so incredibly nervous. He knew that I liked things tidy. I could hardly breathe as my heartbeat thumped loudly in my chest. The music stopped and I noticed how quiet it became. Perhaps, because he couldn't live without me the same way I couldn't live without him. I felt my face warm as I fidgeted under his gaze. I knew then that I wouldn't regret my decision. He asked seriously. His lips came to mine again and he pressed himself closer to me between my legs. he said softly. . I'm actually pleased with the end product even though I feel as though it is a bit different from some of my other postings on fp. Hope you enjoyed this story! I hope you enjoy the story! My hands shook so much that the pages slipped through my fingers. This was an infuriating waste of time. Talk about how to avoid the same mistakes in the future. Jesus, this stupid peer mediation was actually going to kill me. Maybe this would be the beginning of a wonderful new trend. I was in so much trouble. But then, I had literally begged her to get me the position, so I guess that falls on my head too. What an idiot. And that sucks, because it really gets in the way of all that previously-mentioned nonsense about helping people and making a small difference in someone's life. And that was the hard part. Or at least pity. I began to whine, but she tactfully interrupted me. It was a tired little dance between us. A minor miracle. I rubbed my hands over my face and started walking home. On the other hand, I'd already settled down to eat my lunch and had gotten quite comfortable out in the courtyard under the warm sun, my back nestled firmly against my favorite tree in the whole damn world. On days when the lunch line was particularly long, he stole my spot and looked all-together too smug about it. In the highly unlikely case that he had some intricate plan all sketched out inside that sweaty brow of his, it wouldn't be a good idea to deny him the privilege of wreaking vengeance on my dysfunctional-mediator-ass. I took a moment to peer at him before recognition set in. If the asshole was here with me, he couldn't possibly be in the courtyard taking my precious spot. It goes so far beyond simple sputtering and blushing. Something in his posture and the shape of his silhouette made me bite my lip and fight back a blush. Oh god, it was getting worse. But I was having trouble just remembering how to breathe, so if he did want it, he was shit out of luck. Frustration at its most crazed. I watched Mr. Juarez' temperamental water cooler. My throat opened up and I choked out something resembling an English sentence. We took them reluctantly and tucked them away in our backpacks. And, if I was going to be really honest with myself (which I certainly wasn't), to stare at his ass. This was hopeless. So much for those delicate manners of hers. I always appreciate reviews, and thanks for reading. but see, I was just so sad after Stalker ended, and I wanted to write another spanko story. Rorschach Blots1. No, they came to chat with friends and do art, and for a brief moment forget that they were stuck at school. The couch felt like it was hugging him. She was an uptight bitch, alright. Each breath felt so labored and deliberate, and he thought to himself that the inner workings of the human body must be so complicated. Jesus. Wouldn't Mr. Duarte be so shocked when he saw Sev was the first person in class tomorrow? He ducked down, covering his head. What … ? Peering closer into the window, his hands splayed out like starfish against the glass, Sev's breath hitched when he saw that Mr. Duarte's pants were pushed slightly down, exposing a firm ass. His other hand … held a folded belt, and his arm was stretched back in what looked like an uncomfortable position. Sev found himself gawking at Mr. Duarte's waist. There was a stubborn tilt to his lips, but slowly, his face crumpled. He was shifting awkwardly, his usually tidy, black hair falling in disarray over his eyes. he asked. Sev paused for a moment, and then strained his hearing, trying to pick up on the voices drifting back out. He was standing in close proximity to Mr. Duarte, leaning in towards him. Heat seemed to be radiating off the stalks. Did they live together? She loved to nag Finch about what he was going to do after high school, if he was going to be working at his father's fruit stand forever. He hated it. After a moment, he felt her hand brushing through his hair. Sev asked, speaking mostly to Finch. he asked, his eyes resting on Finch's placid face. He threw it at the ground, grinning as it splattered. The thing that Sev wanted to see again, maybe just for the novelty of it. Sighing, he slid down to his back, and dropped his arm over his eyes. Little pained hisses escaped his lips every time the leather touched his skin. He gently ran his hand over Mr. Duarte's hair, as if he were petting him. His head was bowed. Sev felt his lip curl up with amusement when Mr. Duarte's face flushed red as he quickly zipped his pants with shaking fingers. He had to jump back when the door suddenly shot open. His eyes widened when they landed on Sev, and he quickly released Mr. Duarte. Sev frowned. He really was scared. he asked, wrapping his hand around Mr. Duarte's wrist, and pulling it away from his face. He paused for a moment. he said, clasping his arm more tightly around Mr. Duarte's struggling body,  He wheezed when Mr. Duarte's elbow hit him in the gut, and they both dropped to the ground. Finally, he grabbed for Mr. Duarte's waistband. Sev gulped at that. I'd appreciate it if you do not steal. Grant Harper and Tabitha Simons had always had a mostly odd relationship; one that even they found hard to define. Grant and Tabby, best friends for life. A few moments later, the door was opened by Lorraine, Tabby's younger sister. Not to mention her older sister was his best friend. Grant was confused. She said. And she began whistling as she left the house, shutting the door behind her. As usual, her music system was blasting some weird band or the other and her warbling, horrible voice was singing out-of-tune. She looked more like a pin-up model than his Tubby. In fact, he looked kind of sexy because his casual shirt and jeans couldn't hide the impressiveness of his physique. He shook his head, telling himself that this was his best friend he was thinking about. He resisted the urge to hit himself, and instead just told himself not to think about it. He asked. She demanded. Grant would get a date with a woman who would turn out to be older than him, and who would throw a fuss when she found out his age, then try to seduce him, only to realise that he was one of those guys who would wait until he fell in love to have sex. She kept her head down. He couldn't help but wonder what Tabby would do to him if she heard the thoughts. It was faintly disturbing that their friendship had come to this. He could see why– she was short, but her legs were fairly long and their creamy smoothness was almost always showcased by the almost non-existent shorts that she had begun to sport; her shirts were always way too low-cut and too tight around her breasts, and when she flipped a strand of her hair behind her shoulders, she revealed a band of skin on her stomach. What disturbed him was that given the chance, he probably would've even done more than just look. He kept laughing at the scary bits, while she ducked her head and couldn't watch, begging him to tell her when it was over. Grant laughed again. She was really beautiful. There was something stirring in him– something that wanted to bite that lip too. But then, he remembered that he'd been five back then as well and sometimes friendships changed into something more but there was no rule saying that they couldn't still be friends. He was about ten inches taller and his arms could wrap around her twice. But with Tabby, the intensity of the kiss was almost too much. And she really knew how to kiss well. Both knew that they'd just changed their dynamics for ever. She whispered. Neither wanted to speak about the girl that Grant had been planning to ask out, nor about the guy who had asked Tabby out. But that didn't stop Grant from groping her ass or fondling her when they were out of the sight of others. The threat of being caught made everything all the more sweeter. She couldn't have asked for a better first time. And then, they'd be together. They needed each other, but they didn't want to acknowledge that. Grant's bedroom being big enough for the both of them, they kept the extra room as just one for show. A burning jealousy filled him. The guy grinned right back, and still shirtless, got up and sauntered over to Tabby. When he looked back at Tabby, he was looking slightly apologetic. He was actually over by the water-cooler, his tongue down the throat of a girl who looked like a junior. She really liked Peter. Tabby made the reservation at one of the most expensive restaurants of the city. Mina looked nice in her dress that suited the place's posh atmosphere, but Grant's eyes belonged to Tabby. Her hair was let loose and her long legs were on display. The thought made him smile. There was silence, while they placed their orders and then, Tabby masterfully directed the conversation, managing to involve everybody. Grant shot her a surreptitious raised eyebrow but she just smirked at him in an uncharacteristic way. Her face flushed, but it could be passed off as the effect of all the wine she'd drunk. The other two appeared oblivious as Grant looked at Tabby with hooded, desire darkened eyes. Her eyes narrowed. And then, she'd saunter into the bedroom which Grant shared with her and then, they'd do what they did best. And even though Tabby would call it a 'whose dick is bigger' competition, and though neither wanted to pay for the expensive meal, both Grant and Peter wanted the check to come to them, to prove their manhood. Grant walked back whistling to his apartment, only to find that Tabby and Peter were making out fiercely outside the door. She didn't even sleep in his bedroom anymore. Moreso, when she started ignoring him. She shared a couple classes with Peter too, so after school was either spent tutoring him– because he needed it– or going on dates with him. From her dishevelled appearance, she had clearly been making out with Peter. Grant was disconcerted. Once they were both standing, Tabby looked at him. He leaned down and kissed her. Their kiss got more heated and she leaned back, pulling off her shirt, before doing the same for Grant. Grant was just about bursting with frustration. She had never pulled away since they had first slept together, and the action shocked Grant enough to let her push him backwards. Grant whispered. And with that, she left, the sound of the door shutting echoing in the empty hall. There were just some things that no one in their right minds would do, and that was one of them. And he had enough faith in her desire for him to know that she wouldn't stay with Peter forever. Perhaps when she saw the place where they'd first discovered each other– his bedroom– Tabby would finally dump Peter for him. And then, he realised that the apartment was filled with candles– the only source of illumination. Her head was thrown back and she was making the noises that Grant loved– the noises that only Grant had ever made her make. All he knew was that it really was over and there was nothing for them anymore. If he saw her heading for him, he turned on his heel and went the other way. She'd sent the message across plain and clear. He had been staying at a friend's apartment for the previous week, unable to look at Tabby. She had said it herself. On the couch on which we've fucked millions of times before, no less? But he was extremely angry and cursing and being coarse was the only way he knew how to get rid of it. I don't want to have to do it on the sly. He demanded finally. Still, just review and let me know what you think, please. Usually, I was good at holding my liquor, but I felt so giddy and lightheaded this time. That was too lame to be true. As far as I knew, she had gotten laid five times more than me. Boo. It was the start of our weird friendship which lasted throughout the years. Not extravagant, but good enough. I said, popping on the P.  I laughed. Taylor was definitely drunk. Taylor tended to dare us on stupid things when she was drunk, and somehow we could never deny her. My head was all fuzzy as well, but I'd never back out of a dare. My outfit was seductive enough: a V neck which showed a decent amount of cleavage, a black mini skirt which showed my underwear if I bent down even just a bit, and last but not least, a red fuck-me heels. The two top buttons of his shirt were undone, revealing a perfectly toned muscle. Add up the fact that I wasn't a cheesy person and that I was more or less wasted and you got a moron called Celia Vargassé. I remembered a guy using that line on me once, which resulted in me giving the guy a hard glare. He smirked. Ha! How did we get to innuendos from cheesy pickup lines? I had a feeling that I would be getting some tonight if I could keep this flirting up. As I swayed to the beat, I began feeling myself up, massaging my own breasts, eliciting a moan from my lips. I needed him more than I ever needed someone before. Who cares if people were watching us? How much better could Reed get? I was dripping wet for him. I turned to see a wasted Taylor, her eyes red and puffy, sobbing quietly. Oh, poor Taylor! I soothed her. Aw, shucks. She was such a kill joy, just like Taylor. It would be alright if they had beautiful voices, but unfortunately, they were tone-deaf. At least Taylor switched from guy to guy, not like my sister. His dark green shirt went well with his eyes, emphasizing his green eyes. I groaned inwardly. I turned around to face Reed. He looked flushed and very cute, if I might add. I didn't admit it to anyone of course, it was too embarrassing. My, what a beast. He chuckled before pulling his hand out of my blouse. I let out a moan of pleasure. Guys, no matter how experienced they were, were always clueless on this kind of things. My nipples hardened as it came into contact with the air. I had my hands in his hair, pulling him closer to me. I said. . The skin his lips touched felt like it was on fire. He let out a groan all of a sudden. I had my hands on his head, urging him to go deeper. I was breathless from the mind-blowing orgasm I had just experienced. Shit, he was huge, and I wasn't exaggerating. I wrapped my fingers around his uncovered length, massaging his balls. I gave him a smirk when I saw him looking at me breathlessly. He bit me hard there, which I was sure would leave a hickey. Damn, he was good, this kind of thing never happened to me before. Reed talking dirty was more than a major turn on to me. Now. He began moving in and out of me as I arched my back, needing him to go deeper than that. I screamed his name in ecstasy; the pleasure was too intense that it hurt me. We stayed in silence, both of us trying to recover from the inconceivable orgasms we had just had. I refused to acknowledge that stupid voice that was my conscience though. And here I thought my taste was quirky. However, I still couldn't shake off this bitter feeling inside of me. Ugh. God, since when did I become such a wuss? I pretended to look surprised though. Suddenly, a playful smile crept to his face. He took my cell phone from my hand and typed something on it before handing it back to me. ! Chapter One: Non-Auctionable Waitress. My mom winked at my and patted the seat on the couch next to her. WAIT A MINUTE. Man, she really wants to get rid of me. Just peachy. Read on. system speaker thingy above the chalkboard. Got it"? He isn't even that cute"! Aeralie shook her head and snorted. It's the daughter of their principal. he jokingly asked. Really cute. You're pretty fortunate that I do". Aeralie smiled. I love you rainbow unicorns! That retarded song blared as I came to a stop at a light. Literally. I whipped out my keys and ran quickly into my apartment avoiding any type of social engagements. I slipped out of my interview clothes and threw them in the hamper before walking into my sorry excuse of closet. I once again kept my head down heading towards my car. But honestly, he just needs somebody to put him in his place and keep him there, not some loose girl who will open her legs because he thinks she's pretty. At all. Dumb bimbo. I fidgeted uncomfortably. he said wrapping his tiny arms around my neck and I smiled pulling him into a hug. Tess and I started to make lunch while they asked me about the interview. I cut the fat off a piece of chicken and began slicing it. Well it was more of a distraction but I didn't cook too often because I couldn't afford to buy all the stuff I wanted to have at my house so I could cook good proper meals. After we finished cooking, we all sat and munched on the paella. I drove to the outskirts of towns and took a couple turns until I arrived at a relatively large house. To be honest though, I never really understood why he was friends with me in high school. Somewhere I knew I could always come back to. He let me do my thing and he loved what I did when it was finished. It said: Friendship is one mind in two bodies in hebrew. I closed my eyes and relaxed into his touch. Oh god, here come another lecture. I could feel him sigh again. I didn't recognize the number but I decided to answer it anyway. I plopped down beside him and gave him a sloppy kiss on the lips. he asked pulling me into his arms and stroking my hair. I nodded. When we got to Jasper's house, Tess hugged me before I could even walk in the door. Tess linked arms with me, catching on to my discomfort. I shrugged it off. It was dusk and I was surprised to still see Ryan's car in the driveway. The silence was a bit unnerving and I chewed on my lip a bit harder. Lol let me know! No one bothers with the  greeting anymore, but it was worth the annoyance it tended to elicit out of Ben. Granted, the job opening never existed until I begged the store owner, Mr. Matthews, to let me work here, but still. I could still feel the remnant tingling from the mind numbing test. Within those few minutes that it took to blend a drink, I could pick up vital pieces of information, from new crushes to the most recent breakups, or in Allie and Radi case, the 411 on the cute foreign exchange student from Brazil. There was no turning back once that little thought drifted through my head. com. And perhaps I had one more I could fulfill if Allie and Radi's assumptions of where Vitor's affections lie were true. I have no idea why anyone would want to celebrate the return to books, bells and boredom—especially when I had to reluctantly return from warm, lazy days in Palm Beach, Florida at my best friend Maddie's huge beach house—but I was never one to miss a party. Plus, the party was the perfect place for me to verify Seth Blume's feelings for Amanda Lonn as well as check out Allie and Rady's theory about Vitor and Julie. I loved it when reality proved yet again that opposites do attract. I really didn't need Ben thinking I was more of a weirdo than he already did. Day after day, Maddie and I would sit at the corner booth with our shakes quietly brainstorming ways to get Ben's attention or dreamily talking about what it would be like to have him as our boyfriend. I never could decide which I preferred. I had my fairy wings on and monger ears ready to flutter around and pick up pieces of gossip gold. It amazed me how Mr. and Mrs. Shultz could allow so many parties in their beautiful house, but they probably were never around often enough to know, and somehow the house never failed to miraculously return to its former state after these events. This would make it easy for me to meld into the sea of bodies and eavesdrop to my heart's content. Along with her bright red hair, which was left in waves that fell halfway down her back, it was hard not to feel overshadowed standing next to Nicci. Reese came off as collected and a bit cold, only becoming livelier when in the presence of his best friend. The girl did love the power of the red marker. I honestly had no idea what to do with all the requests. Nothing drove me crazier than dead ends. So there was a thing as being too polite. Besides, I had decided it was safer agreeing since adamantly refusing could open up a whole new can of worms. Quite the opposite: it was a fairy bashing just waiting to happen. Just great. The Sprite can clearly wasn't the only green Kelly was seeing. Who knew when I may need her for some information? I came here on a mission, and it would be such a shame to leave the party without a single fleck of gold. Although I'm sure her worries were unnecessary, given the number of emails she sent, it was all I could do to make up for lost time now. Lance just beamed, so maybe the pain I was feeling hadn't made it to my face. I said inwardly cringing at my lame attempt to turn the conversation towards where I wanted it. From the time that I have spent trying to draw out people's secret crushes, I've come up with the three tale-tell signs that someone has feelings for the person in question. Even with my back towards the rest of the party, my ears were still alert and ready to pick up any leads in the conversations nearby. Many girls had the same reaction to the very selective class president. Desperate to find out more, I spun around in my stool and slipped off it with immeasurable speed, but unfortunately with very measurable grace: none. It figures that it also meant that my head was throbbing too much to relish in the fact that Zach Bent was gently holding me steady and helping me back onto the stool I had just fell out of. One of which who also saved me from a dreaded meeting with the hardwood floor. I had my entire aching left side from the slam into the steel that seemed to wrap the guy's body to attest to that. Like the rest of the crowd, I left the stadium grumbling that night. Part of me wanted to walk up to them and scream  But I've gone this long as Fairy Gossipmonger without resorting to becoming an annoying busybody and I wasn't going to start now. She must have scared him off good. After a whole day at school—with Mr. Turner's evil quiz, no less—five hours at the Whirl and over an hour gallivanting around Nicci's house in high heeled boots, my near date with the floor left my tank way past empty. With a wave, I began to hobble in the direction of the front door. The true premise of the story will come in the next chapter, so I hope you all stick around for that. There was nothing the doctors could do…and people began to die, their hope destroyed. Earthlings knew little of what else the aliens could do, but they were reassured by the vibrant plant and animal life on the big planet. So the leaders accepted the deal, resigning themselves to possibly losing a few of their people and telling themselves that they did only what was best. Turns out the humans could have asked for more than they had received. The Inran cursed their luck and so the Breeding Project was born in an attempt to resurrect the skika population. One of the very few left. But he had to make it to the tree before they spotted him. They must want him more than his mother had initially thought. The next one wasn't for another mile. He would keep running until the guards grew tired and gave him a chance to hide. It would do him no good to be able to run forever, if they caught up to him. She had even taught him all the hand-to-hand combat she knew, which admittedly wasn't much, but may give him a fighting chance. She would do it for him and that's why he must keep going she told him. I'll find you when I can. I'll run forever. Were they going to shoot him? He jumped again and grunted as the branch smacked him in the chest. He managed to pull himself partially up before his arms sagged. Then he could rest. ^_^ Anyway, in case you don't know what to say in a review here are some questions for you. If you don't understand then tell me what you don't understand so I can try and explain better. What were you thinking that wasn't nearly enough? You can also tell me why you love it:) Thanks for reading! I was hopeless when it came to relationships and painfully awkward when it came to opposite sex. But you see this is where things got messy. Just rain and gross, abrasive humidity. She jumped to grab her phone, which sat just out of arm's reach across the table, eager to escape the dull assignment and nearly knocking over the beer in the process. The door thudded a protest at opening, swollen from the humidity. In the center of the apartment's grass courtyard stood Jen, soaked and grinning. She stepped off the stairs, still safe under the awning and stared at her friend. she demanded. She rolled her hips into Shelby's. Shelby's eyes closed as Jen's lips descended to her collar bone with a kiss. She groaned as Jen sucked softly at her neckline. Shelby followed mutely, voice lodged in her throat as she ran up the stairs. Jen's eyes flickered briefly to Shelby's feet before landing back on her face, amused as always, by Shelby's awkward display. The salt in an ever-present wound. Jen appeared in the corner of her vision, still sopping and beautiful, mirth present in her face, but vacant from her eyes. Surrendering was easier and she leaned into Jen's mouth, burning and submissive. The buzz of the phone ended with a hollow beep that Shelby barely registered. Her voice cracked. A moment later, the hands left as Jen rose from the bed and Shelby sat up with a start, opening sleep-filled eyes to the retreating figure moving toward the laundry basket on the far side of the room. Jen's bra lay on the floor and she turned to face the wall to pull it on. Her throat still felt constricted, but she continued,  Her sinuses stung with the threat of tears and she tugged at the comforter, still feeling exposed under the single sheet. Shelby clung to Jen, letting the blanket fall, losing herself in the softness of Jen's lips and the urgency and need of the kiss. her voice shook. Shelby stared at the outline of her feet under the sheet. And there were four. The tape holding my glasses didn't help, either, but around this school, I was described as Nerd Couture. I was surprised he could see me from way up there. I think. Clearly it was. I asked the guy. I asked. It was wearing down fast. At least I didn't have to lie to him anymore. My search for Rose Guy went well enough—besides the fact that I found no leads and I had to go through pointless flirting sessions with overly testosteroned football players—and I rewarded myself with a shortstop to my locker between first and second period. Wow, purty, I thought to myself, and took the white roses out to examine them further. he said. Locker Guy laughed as if it were obvious. That tree so made a sound. I searched around the hallway for Locker Guy—but only to see if he had any dirt on the intruder. He didn't care about the number four or the number six. If I found out this guys pattern, then I could find out the guy, right? I laughed. Maybe then I could learn his name. Last time it went from four roses to ten—what if now it'd gone from ten to forty? The mystery was nearly solved—and luckily just before I'd gotten my good ol' Adam Henderson High mashed potatoes. Even though I wasn't sure if Locker Guy cared, I read the note aloud. And I've never wanted to call someone so much in my life. Four…six…four…two…eight…seven…four…I hit send. In hindsight, I think I dragged him a little too far into my love life. At least he had the decency not to laugh in my face. I considered this. I'd never wanted to be wrong so much in my life. Although I'd already given up, the least I could do was try again. Maybe it was out of order. I listened for the ring as Locker Guy packed up his bag and prepared to depart. He smirked. Locker Guy…or rather Gabriel turned to me and grinned. he asked me. What inspires great composers to write melodies so haunting that centuries later they exist to be passed onto future generations? It is because of music that many find a common ground, cultures around the world coming together to the sound of one drum, of one melody, of harmony. Thank you all who read and are patient with me! Haha. He grinned. Almost immediately, she put her head on his shoulder, picking up his wrist so she could see his watch, and then sighed. He had never liked being an only child, and when Rawnie came along, he'd gained a best friend and a sister, although the latter wasn't technically or biologically true. Then, he moved so he was sitting cross-legged in front her, and grinned widely, giving her his sole attention. Leland and Rawnie had been a part of it ever since they were freshmen, though Leland's first year was during Rawnie's second and by then, she had already been appointed director, despite her only being a sophomore. So had last year's show, and this year's. It had been the last day of school—the last day of dealing with stupid douche bags and sadistic teachers, and then he would be free to do whatever the hell he wanted for a whole summer. Maybe, if Sullivan hadn't been running his mouth like he always did, Kaleb wouldn't have punched him. And yet he had gone and punched Sullivan in the face for picking on a freshman—not even him, but a freshman Kaleb didn't even know. Yes. When it came to him doing something wrong, his parents never cared about the why; they always focused on the what. That iPod was his baby; he had no idea how he was going to survive without it. By the time his mom reached the door, he was seething, and though he knew that it probably wouldn't help his case at all, Kaleb just couldn't hold his tongue any longer. How about accepting him for who he was instead of wishing he was more like his goddamn br—! Exhaling hard and groaning, Kaleb rolled over and buried his face in his pillows. . Be warned. I will, uh, not. He just didn't want to give the other kids another unnecessary reason to pick on him. He was intelligent and witty, getting along with most everyone, but for some reason had a nearly impossible time relating to his youngest brother. He was manipulative, nasty, and downright cruel to most people, including his younger brother. Nothing good ever came from those four words. Craig, their father and Ezra's stepfather, was sitting off to the side in an arm chair. Mars opened his mouth to snap something but Paris cut him off with a sharp elbow to the ribs. But at the same time, having his mom and step-dad treat him like a three year old in front of his brothers was sure to make his fait ten times worth. But at least he never left him bleeding in the hall, like Mars had done on countless occasions. He sounded more amused than anything else. Essentially, he was head-over-heels in love with him. Finally he sighed and ran a hand through his hair. But because it was the only class he shared with Mars. Which was just wonderful for Ezra, who's only escape from the torture he received from his brothers was during class. It meant something to Ezra. Thank you. Thomas has pot in his back pocket. Today, the most important day of my life, changed that. It wasn't a mid-air collision. This is a phase. This sort of truth wasn't something you could force yourself to forget or overlook. When it came to the Big Picture, I was a speck of dirt on the corner that would inevitably be flicked off. You will be forgotten. It didn't matter anyway because I didn't understand it, the girl sitting next to me with the cigarettes tucked into her purse didn't understand it, and I doubted that my middle-aged, mid-life crisis teacher understood all of it either. Something somehow flipped a switch. A couple kids looked at me, then at the pencil, back and forth, waiting for me to pick it up, but I didn't even register their bored looks because I was too busy having a cataclysmic mental breakdown without making a sound. I blended in perfectly, an average chameleon, adapting flawlessly to the world around me. My best friend grumbled from across the classroom, annoyed by the fact that her whispers were being ignored, but I barely noticed, not bothering to acknowledge anything outside my head until the bell rang. Maddy huffed impatiently, hands going to her hips. Set everything around me on fire and watch it burn just to make a difference, cut my mark. To stand out, I had to change myself. I haven't reached that point in my realization yet—I'm not that advanced. I can finally live exactly how I want without worrying about how what's-her-name is going to react, about what whoever-he-is will think about me afterwards. After all, I'm insignificant, a number in a chart, and there's really nowhere for me to go but straight to hell. It could smash you flat if you don't move fast enough. But I'm getting ahead of myself. I'd forgotten what I was doing, where I was going, but the fingers of my best friend and fellow conformant snapping inches from my nose hauled me back into the teenage world of gossip and popularity contests. My name was shortened due to the fact that the average teenage attention span is only about two syllables long. Even back then I knew there was something wrong with doing everything right. We'd never exactly had a perfect friendship, but that had never stopped her from being the closest thing I had to a best friend. Washed out, like paint spread too thin or a picture of a picture. Consume so everyone else can keep on living, keep on taking in oxygen and letting out ruin. So maybe it would just be better to leave while I'm on top. Enough years spent smothering every feeling I'd ever had in order to fit in and maybe I wasn't even capable anymore of making my tone of voice change to anything besides bored or teenage-girl-ecstatic. New revelations, new ways of thinking, and now I was wondering why I'd let this relationship go on for as long as it had. Skipping class would be a step up for me in the misdemeanor-ladder of my life. I was breaking the rules put in place by those that controlled my every waking thought and action. Why not just find a new friend who could spice up my life a little? It was like walking to my death in a roundabout manner, but at least I'd be choosing the mode of my casualty instead of going along with it. No one came and I was outside before the jittery, thrilling nervousness could get the better of me, out in the heavy spring afternoon air. Behind me the school's red-brick surface pushed me forward into the emptiness, throwing shadows across the half-trampled lawn. It was a little easier to breathe with all the pretenses off my shoulders. Like I'd never seen them before. And I was also confusing myself, but that was better than being a drone like the rest of my friends and family. There was nothing about my life that would make me stand out from my next door neighbor or the kid down the street. It's all another loop inside a looking glass, but I don't know that yet so forget what I just said. The most important day of my life was spent gathering scratches on my arms from thorns and tree branches that I could never quite dodge. . For a while there, he thought he may have loved her. But he didn't love her, so instead he rolled his sleeves up so that anyone could see the bubbly numbers punctuated by a slightly distorted winky face. He didn't even like her that much. Why did he need to see her so desperately? What a pansy. God, he really loved her eyes. It was no wonder he didn't love her. . . But most of all—most frighteningly and most despicably—it made people pansies. To prove that he was changing his pretty boy ways, he stopped wearing shirts that said  and instead wore shirts that said  with pictures of stick figures that had bumps on their arms for biceps. When did she shut the door on him? She better have believed him. She wouldn't be too happy about that. . she said quietly with a shake of her head. she murmured with a wrinkled brow and the slightest tilt of her head. This was all her fault! . Might as well go all the way, he thought. . author's note. Shhh. next time! good! BAD! Blame him. But then again, it was a good thing, because it made me believe I actually had a chance. No idea that I had a mental file of everything that I knew about her that was growing to grossly inappropriate lengths. They were a crystal clear blue color, so shallow that I could see my reflection, but so deep that I could see every emotion swirling just below the surface. I forced myself to focus on not dropping the DVDs stacked in my hands, but I kept her in my peripheral vision until she left the store a few minutes later. That day, I had known she was in the store, and when I finished checking out some old guy, there she was, holding a DVD and a membership card as she smiled politely at me. Lynne Fischer. It was then that I looked down at the DVD box that she slid across the counter towards me, and after that, our fate was sealed in my mind for me forever – we were meant to spend the rest of our lives together. And now, just like Lloyd, I was obsessed with the Diane Court of my acquaintance. My left hand was clutching the counter so tightly my knuckles were turning white. My hand tingled. I convinced myself that I was going to take that golden opportunity to talk to her, as in real conversation, but of course I never worked up the balls. God she's cute. I knew when she was particularly busy, because she would only stop by to drop off movies and gaze longingly at the new releases, and I knew when she was depressed, because she would rent two or three movies, and then I would see her stop at Walgreens across the street and come out with Ben &amp; Jerry's. My stomach would twist, and I would realize just how much I would be willing to give up to be counted among her friends, hang out in her dorm room and watch a movie with her. And even though normally I would make fun of a girl to no end if she came to the counter with one of those, if not to her face then at least in my head, she would come to the counter with such a cute little blush and avoid looking me in the eyes, and I instantly forgave her, just for being so fucking adorable. Every time she approached the counter with that DVD box in her hand I wondered why she didn't buy it – she had spent over $30 renting it over time. Lynne was just an obsession on the side, one that was growing, I'll admit, but never consumed my life. She walked into the store and straight up to the counter, surprising me with her directness. I mean, this girl is perfect, and fucking gorgeous, of course I looked. A million different responses ran through my head. She gave me an extra smile and  before she left, and my heart twisted. I leaned back against the counter and watched through the glass doors as she turned and walked down the street, watching until she disappeared from my sight. My suspicions were confirmed when she came to the counter carrying Say Anything, a stress-reliever. Maybe I just snapped. I held up the box. She looked from me to the box in my hand and back again before she laughed to herself. Nothing can explain how I ended up in front of her door, knocking on the wood, and nothing can explain how actual words came out of my mouth when in reality my mind was a complete blank. I didn't even let her say anything. I just like to stop at dramatic places. I didn't think it was enough to make it qualify as mature. So please enjoy… and review! It was exactly how summer was supposed to be. At least then I could get back to For Whom the Bell Tolls some time this century. Mom and Dan wanted us to get used to seeing each other so they had this idea to have dinners together a couple nights a week until the wedding. I didn't need any arrogant guys in my life—no matter how hot they happened to be. I, thankfully, wasn't one of them. For once I felt like he and I might actually be able to understand each other. Sure, it was nice to be one-hundred and eighty days from graduation, but that didn't mean I had to jump around like an idiot because of it. I grinned before turning around. It'd only result in awkwardness. Mistake. We stumbled a bit and eventually had to stop walking. He seemed very determined to make sure none of my hair was in the way, making his normally amber eyes adorned by copper specks a dark golden color with abundant orange flecks. By then, he had finished adjusting my fringe and was now looking at me funny. By the time this all went by, we were nearing the block my house was on. I hissed. I offered a small grin that conveyed that I knew it wasn't his fault. His feet that were covered with Vans were on the third step and his elbows rested on his jean-clad knees. Noah turned to me and opened his mouth to speak. Instead I shook my head and smiled. I let them make the first move. As soon as I did, Noah grabbed my hand and I noticed he hadn't looked away from me since he'd turned around. It was such an insane blend that I was wondering what color his parents' eyes were to make such a weird swirl. Why was I even wondering? His other hand was gripping my arm gently as if to make sure I wouldn't run. We hugged, bouncing around. Now! your leg is bouncing, you're fingers are tapping. . I run as frequently as three times a week now, on my favorite path in Golden Gate park. YAY ME AND MY ARTISTIC TALENT. . . just something you forgot? . . And God I hate him. He gets out his lunch and I realise that he is actually settling in for another stony silent lunch with the office nerd. Fuck him, well not literally obviously, but in the fuck off, piss off, get lost kind of sense. I don't want to socialise, I just want to eat my lunch and read my book and get back to work. My arse: stupid Glaswegian, dragged out of the gutter accent maybe, but not, most definitely not dreamy. His skin is perfect, lightly tanned with the promise that it will turn golden brown the minute he even glances at the sun. I refuse to go and sit in fucking shite KFC or MacDonald's, with their weak as water coffee and the screaming kids that I didn't order but always seem to be there. I'm a fish out of water, an alien, not illegal but an alien nonetheless. I have never even bothered to go on any sight seeing trips, even though I am working in one of the most exciting places on the planet, namely LA, California. Why am I suddenly caring about his feelings? What the fuck is that all about? I know, with resigned clarity that even if I say no now he is not going to take any notice anyway because he is a fucking terrorist. I think I have all of five friends and zero followers. I snort at the ridiculously stupid pose, then turn the snort of laughter into a sneer as I realise he is watching me closely with a twinkle in those clear blue eyes. He never misses but is always pleasantly, and adorably surprised when he hits his target,  he always says,  I manage a smile. I realise I am staring at him wide eyed and he just smiles that amazing smile of his, shit what the fuck am I doing? Shit,  He continues,  He turns to go before I even have time to realise he is saying he will miss me, but then turns back,  Then he leaves with a laugh at my angry scowl. To my utter dismay I am unable to decide whether this is a good thing or a bad thing. An impossible dream that doesn't belong in a woman's head. Text copyright 2011 © P.S. Warner. She exhaled deeply, and forced her groggy eyes open, blinding them with the light bursting through the blinds as she did so. She asked. She asked. she offered, offering him an apologetic smile. she said again. The freshly cut grass, the cool air, everything about it. He took a deep breath and looked around. If he was in trouble, sneaking back in was not going to make the situation any better. he finished. she announced. . ? She should have known better than to get her hopes up at all. Or so he had been informed. He was nice to people, which apparently also earned him points of some kind. Everyone in the school acknowledged Ryan wherever he went, but no one paid much attention to Allie. And, even though Allie claimed that he was losing popularity points through association, they were together most of the time. They had been best friends since they were little. He just spent all of his free time with Allie. As soon as they realized that it had been Ryan Geller who had spoken, however, they immediately looked away. It was easier to pretend, probably. Everyone but Ryan, anyway. She would have nothing. Ryan didn't say anything for a moment, but she knew that she wouldn't have to elaborate any further. When he turned back towards her, she closed the space between them in one quick stride. He asked, and she nodded again. And they both knew who that someone would be. he said, crawling in to bed next to her. She asked, raising her eyebrows. She asked, changing the subject. She demanded, frowning at him. He challenged. she said gesturing towards him,  He cut her off, which she was actually thankful for, considering she had no idea what she would have referred to herself as. She set her school bag down on her usual table and looked around. She asked, wiping her hands off on her apron. Going home was never a pleasant experience. Matt said, pretending to stab his heart and twist the imaginary knife. he said, pushing off of the locker and heading out the door. Looking through the window, he saw Allie sitting at their usual table, reading a book. she said before he could even ask. She let it foam onto his plate, not daring to put it on the pie itself. She shook her head. he suggested, trying to give her a little hope, even though he knew it was false hope, soon to be ripped away from her. He didn't say anything, and she knew that he was just as frightened as she was about what was waiting for her inside. Not tonight. So many horrible scenarios crept into his mind. He wished that desperately. He ran as hard as he could across his lawn, across the road, and through Allie's yard, stopping only as he reached her front door. He hurriedly told her father what the situation was, praying that he made the slightest bit of sense. He climbed until he reached Allie's window. He whispered, not sure if she could even hear him. he insisted. Not without him coming up, anyway, which would only make the situation worse. Holding back the gasp that wanted so desperately to escape his mouth, his eyes scanned her face. Her eyes were puffy and red, but he guessed that it was mostly from crying. Ryan frowned, exhaling quickly. Allie leaned against him, not putting up the least bit of a fight as she walked with him. He rinsed out the towel and folded it again, setting it on the edge of the sink. He looked for another, but he wasn't able to find one. He said, and then he stepped outside. Rarely did they fight, so when they did, he always felt guilty. Ryan never had to sneak out, which was nice, considering he always had to sneak in to Allie's house. Though it was very tempting. She half smiled at him, but he couldn't smile back. He trailed off, too frustrated to say anything more. She continued, her voice cracking a little. he promised solemnly. His arms wrapped securely around her, pressing her even closer. Ryan walked over to the door, flipping the light switch, and checking the knob again, just in case. She needed sleep, but he could tell that she was fighting it. To feel safe. Her breathing slowed, and he knew that she had fallen asleep. Ever. He would crawl inside with them, and comment on how 'sturdy' or 'well put together' their forts were, telling them both that architecture was a wonderful career choice for the pair. He used to associate with Lydia, too. And who was this monster that replaced him? Robert had informed him that Allie was sick, and had told him that he couldn't go up and see her. Just like he always had. ! I grumbled darkly as I tied my apron around my waist. Momma needs money to pay for college. but I am still smiling, it maybe a slightly demented smile, yet it is a smile none the less. Well come to think about it, it was never my day, but today was defiantly not my day. His smirk was larger then it was before, and I sadly enough let my temper get the better of me. And damn my mind for thinking that he wanted me,  I made my way quickly back to the truck, that is until Seb grabbed my hand. He looked around, and pulled out some cable or another, and started telling me something that I couldn't comprehend. I did not just say that, bad, no flirting. He bent down, only to lightly brush his lips with mine for a second…before pulling away. Seb had a sharp intake of air as I pushed my chest up closer to him, which resulted with him pushing my up harder against the truck…both of us trying to get us as close as possible. I will probably come back within a week to a month and fix it up even more. What have you been up to, young lady? Leave him to your dad when he gets home. 'Then come out and I'll show you the lovely dress I bought for you today. dress? Probably your dad. Oh well, he probably saw a squirrel. And then, after my mum leaves the room, he'd turn to me and say 'Peace at last. 'Or maybe not. 'Well, human ones, anyways. ' Descriptive, very. How could you forget? Cookie sneezed. I know she did. Very much so. It was my turn to look wide-eyed. I have tons of stuff to do. 'And those. ' She stared me square in the eye. Ladies and gentlemen, may I present to you a classic case of my mother's sinister and simplistic mind. Just out of high school, waiting in anticipation for a reply from her dream college because she knows she must fight hard to free herself from her mother's numerous evil plots. Personally, I love Christmas…that was until my mum interfered. I'd be lying if I said I didn't look forward to this party every year. But those were all petty, I mean, everything else was still the same right? Uh huh. In other words, the jerk didn't even talk to me during school preferring instead to entertain his basketball team and half the school's female population. And it just pissed me off more. In fact, she only increased her 'advice' and nudging every time we met with the Logans. Besides, the name thing is way too cheesy. Everyone loves. I'll call my boy. ' Not. Or go left, where the laughter, clinks and chatter was coming from and prepare to mingle with people I hardly knew. I didn't recognise half the children running rampage nor the group of what seemed to be uni guys and girls playing billiards in the adjoining room. He can just entertain them and I'll just entertain myself for the rest of the night. Come on, I'll take you there. ' And with that, she flounced out. No need to look that surprised. Was that a blush? People couldn't really dislike them, unless you were the type to hate someone because they seemed to have everything. You know, the usual. She just really likes Christian, you know. 'Anyways, didn't you know? ' I turned to see Jordan and the others looking inquiringly at Christian who was making his way over. Removing his hands, he stared down at me, an unreadable expression in his eyes. ' I asked, suspicious. Was he listening? An image of Scrooge came to mind but I swiftly put it out of my mind lest I begin laughing. Judy nodded, walking up to Mike and grabbing his cue stick whilst Lorraine took Daryl's. ' She pocketed 2 as well. 'I'll teach you. I'll just watch. Christmas love anyone? I felt like saying. Jordan rapidly moved back and I let out a breath of air I hadn't even realised I'd been holding. 'Getting so close to that boy. Don't pretend you don't like him too. 'Stop it. Almost toppled the Christmas tree over. Keep it up. Kid's onlyyy! A few of the young ones were already asleep. What are you watching? ' He refused to meet her eyes. 'Fine, you can stay. Ah, I see how it is. So adorable. 'Then, why'd you come? 'Why not? Shouldn't you be with them? ' His eyes twinkled. I whipped around to face him angrily. Rachel's head of blonde curls was resting gently against Eddie's and…were they holding hands? For a few seconds, I could only stare at our clasped hands, his large hand encasing my smaller one, before I snatched it back and held it as if burnt. 'Remember how when we were 7, we sat right here and fell asleep together? And also, when we were 11, we toppled over the Christmas tree and redecorated it with only candy canes. And do you remember when we were 15? I believed him until the following year. I could feel my heart pounding heavily in my chest as he took my hand again, caressing it softly. You just looked astounded. You try having someone tell you what you said for the first time in your life. That I was the only one who cared. I was going to tell you afterwards that I had transferred to your school, but…you left without saying goodbye. To just watch you from afar. . Slowly, I stood up and began stumbling out, carefully manoeuvring around the sleeping children. Oh gosh, that was almost like…a proposal. ' Oh man, I was such an idiot. Then, wait…what? I began to feel extremely light headed, my knees turning to jelly, Christian my only support. Christian must have felt me smile because he suddenly growled. It felt surreal. The only answer I deemed appropriate right now was pulling his head back down for another kiss. He shrugged. 'But remember, no sex before marriage! She winked at me, before skipping around the corner and down the stairs. The mood was totally ruined, anyways. ! Sigh, I should probably just stick to one-shots. I don't know, maybe I'm just paranoid. thirsty? ". Pleaes, enjoy. But there I was, a stupid math test on my desk, and with Madeleine De-la-Tour sitting in front of me, nonetheless. Which lead to the question: if it annoyed him so much, why on earth did he keep sitting behind me? It was a bit different than the previous week's freak Goth style, I admitted. What I'm trying to say is that it would all be a waste of time. There was just one tiny problem with that theory. Apparently,  did not include me. In fact, it just brought along more spite and arguing. As you probably guessed, it was Madeleine, wearing the ugliest toque I had ever seen. I rang the doorbell, and waited as hurried footsteps resounded on the other side. There was no way that I was going to let a poor girl walk away with that on her head. Calling my beautiful hat ugly! So, it would be an understatement to say that we got off on a rough start. And I couldn't exactly say that I was helplessly in love with him, could I? That way, she knew who her real friends were. Which was false (although watching his reactions was a big upside). She was sweet like that. Adaptation is the key to survival, a wise man once said. I was unhappy to say that I failed miserably every time. And so, as the good girl that I was, I decided to help him. Against other cultures, other styles, even hair colours! And guess who decided to prove me wrong? Needless to say, I could not let this opportunity to teach him a valuable lesson pass. In fact, ever since that day, she would dye her hair blond every time she had a test. I tried to help him, and he got angry! I learned on that day that Martin Jones did not play fair. In fact, I could hear her humming  right then, in the classroom, during a test. He wasn't an Orlando Bloom himself! He reposted, I retorted, and you had the Third World War right there in Little Block's High School. We just…hated each other. Except that she joined the soccer team too. I was not one to complain, but he was just being mean! So every night, I fell asleep facing my window, Madeleine's unblinking eyes locked on me. You could almost say that I was watching over him, but that'd be silly. Okay, so I admit that I had no idea what I was scribbling down. Didn't he know that he talked to himself? I was about as good with repairing stuff than a blind sheep. Wait, desperate was an understatement. And him and I were far from being friends. Hell, I didn't even know what I was doing in advanced class… usually Charlie helped me cheat, but he was being very unhelpful right then. That was going to hurt later. She looked pretty pissed off. I should have gotten an award for it. Her high cheek bones were prometing and her eyebrows frowned, proving her outrage. The standoff went on until everyone returned to ignoring us. It made it easier for her to get out of sticky situations and leave me to the wrath of the teachers. He swept the room with a calculating look. That is until I remembered that she had incredibly good hearing and I clamped my mouth shut. If it was him, then he had stopped himself, probably praying to whatever God that I hadn't herd him. Once inside an empty classroom - after being guided back through the crowds she had just managed to weave through – Sasha looked at the person. It was 'Sasha Farah' when all hell was going to break loose. Sasha turned to the right and looked into her friend's annoyed gray eyes. Not once had Nina seen Sasha so eager over a guy. The more Nina thought about it, the more she began to realise that they shared more classes than Nina had even cared to think about. Sasha tinted red and looked a little nervous. Her hands felt unusually empty. Break and lunch were the only real times they hung out at school. Lo and behold the only seat left was the one that was next to Joseph Michaels…way at the back of the class. She realised that her work was going to be cut out for her. The task was to go over any important events in the book and note them out. Nina noticed him reach out for his red pen to underline a couple of words. She picked her bag from the floor and rummaged around it. Nina finally saw how handsome he was. Nina was more of a talker than a reader. Nina took it, giving him a small smile, one that he returned but more tentatively. Once she saw that Joseph wasn't looking, she discreetly opened her planner and started writing a note out to Sasha. Sasha looked at page that was torn out from a school planner. Don't ask me if that's all I did because if I'm going to do this, I'm going to do this my way. If Sasha hadn't asked Nina to 'seduce' Joseph for her, she'd have thought that Sasha had a secret lover. Nina adjusted her work apron and put her pen and notepad in the pocket of her apron. It was a reflex for her since she hated drinking tea with no milk. Nina could only raise her eyebrow at her. she asked picking up the tea pot. There was a smile on her face as she walked to Joseph's table. It wasn't like that was her only opportunity to ask him to hang out. Her friend had been acting weirder than usual. It was seem highly suspicious if she randomly started hanging around with Joseph. A smile that was oblivious to Nina. Then it would be lunch. She didn't think it would be that easy. They went way back. Colin always helped her out when she was sick, so now it was Nina's turn to repay him. Neil's parents and Nina's parents were good friends; they grew up together. Neil asked holding up two test tubes. That earned him a whack over the head with a pair of goggles from Joseph. Nina frowned for a moment before realising why they were looking at her so weirdly. The idiot. Will power only got a girl so far, because her eyes darted to Joseph for a millisecond, during which she saw his eyes hard on Neil. she muttered under her breath. Mobiles in school were frowned upon, but using it in a library meant in detention and confiscation of the phone. She was still in shock. Nina gave her friend a wink and said something about food, leaving a very torn up looking Sasha behind. She had her share of friends; some popular, some not, but that was okay for her. This not only looked weird, but was uncomfortable too. A pair of bunny ears topped the outfit off. Leanina was such a unique name. The two went to the garden. There was barely enough breathing space. Neil looked confused. They quickly turned back and followed the two. The two continued talking while, at the same time, were looking for her family. Sasha and Neil were no where to be seen. His hands were intertwined with hers! Nina followed her friend's gaze and tore her hand away from his. Nina swore she saw her friend…smile. The grins on each of their faces told Nina they were having a good time, so she didn't need to feel quite as bad for not being with them. Sasha blushed. Joseph managed to stand up and tear himself away from the children and crowd of laughing parents. She couldn't believe what, or more whom, she saw. He spun her around. Nina felt so safe in his arms. He set her down. There was havoc at home when he told them he had been enlisted. Nina stepped to the side a little as a swarm people came up to Jimmy, welcoming him home. They wanted to give the family a little bit of privacy. Nina's mum was too busy eyeing her son to see whether he was injured. She was sure that the two would get along well. Joseph had come back from the toilet. Joseph grinned up at Jimmy. Jimmy didn't even flinch. Jimmy just chuckled and shrugged. She knew not to miss the famous Easter egg parties. Sasha and Neil had weird looks on their faces. Sasha opened and closed her mouth numerous times. Nina spotted Neil and Joseph, she waved them over. She handed them out to Sasha, Joseph, Neil and took one for herself. He had probably gone to get something to eat. Quickly opening her eyes, Nina wondered what the heck was wrong with her. She couldn't now! They also didn't notice a certain someone's best friend grinning at the two and talking rapidly on the phone. Maybe part of that was her fault. They didn't comment on it, but the looks they gave the girls told them everything. They both liked the same guy. She voiced this. Nina then shrugged because it was the truth. ' under her breath. Nina was never silent, she almost always had something to say. Nina stopped when Sasha gave her a disapproving look. She grabbed her bag and hoodie. Nina gave her friend one last smile before heading out of her room. Specifically Joseph. He was alone. She smiled at him. Not like before when Sasha asked her the favour, but she saw his entire self; body and soul. She cleared her throat. She wondered how many times he lied before but she just never realised. Nina thought it was the perfect time to tell him. Though he didn't outwardly smile, she saw his eyes twinkling. she finished off beaming. she said nudging him playfully. He couldn't hide his emotions, his face looked defeated. Period. Nina burst out laughing. He winced just saying it. To him, the whole world could hate him, just as long as he had her. Nina's arm hooked onto his neck and she grinned into his mouth. Of all the romantic things he could've said, he chose to tell her that she tasted like Oreos. An 'oh' formed on his lips. Pinkie Promise. They truly do mean a lot. He was a bit on the gaunt side, and his rusty aviator sunglasses hid his tired, blue eyes. The pumps had been destroyed long ago. The people there used to call it Untolk, population: 300. His mother took it as a sign, and named Charlie after her. Everything was gone. There were no rules, and nothing to hold him back. When he had come upon each one, they gave him a meal, and then kindly sent him on his way. He flicked his hair out of his eyes, and looked out at the horizon, the burning desert. He didn't move as the shapes started to take more realistic form, he just continued leaning against the wall with ease. Or just for fun. Who ever it was, his arms were tied, as well his legs. Charlie quickly scanned the area, decided that it was all clear, and scooted towards the boy. This was especially strange considering how hard it is to get nutritional food in the New World. Charlie's hand looked deathly pale against the healthy glowing tone of the boy's shoulder. This biting tone pushed Charlie into reality, and he slipped his old Swiss army knife out of his back pocket. It was now the color of rust… or dried blood. Charlie tried to avoid thoughts of despair on how weak he was, surviving on canned food alone. He gulped as the leader walked forward. The teenager felt his mind go to autopilot as he felt Wilcox drag him towards the dilapidated bar. Wilcox then slipped his hands under Charlie's armpits, and lifted him onto the table, as if the teenager were a small child. He was able to survive a year on his own, he could handle this. Wilcox had encircled the boy's neck with his hand. He slammed his fist into the man's jaw, causing Wilcox to wheel around and fall to the ground. He swung around and gasped. The man's lifeless body fell to the floor, and standing behind him in the doorway was the boy who was tied up in the gas station, standing in all of his blood-covered, gun-toting glory. Critique would seriously be appreciated, I feel like it could be better. It's not like I enjoy sitting with guys who think shooting spit wads at the ceiling is a blast, it's just the farthest seat from the teacher's desk and I fairly like any seat where Mr. Rosa is not yapping random remarks at you especially if it has to do with his personal life. Sooner or later my mom will figure out why I've been absent from the hours three to four. Well I had punched my ex boyfriend's girlfriend in the face and laughed about it. Claire Higgins is the evilest bitch I've ever met. Let's not offend anybody, but seriously what did he have to do to get his teeth that shade of color and what ever it is that I need to do to get the complete opposite. What is with these dorks and touching quiet, innocent little girls that are fully packing a kick-ass ability hidden under their dark shells? I was not voted school's female badass to play hop scotch with little trolls like him. If I could I would have scooted my chair so he'd slam into the ground, but thanks to the school's tight budget our chairs are attached to the desk, making it hard for me even to duck my way out. They assume it's there territory for the fact of them just assuming it. He never returns until detention is over, why bother pretending. But why be perfect? He wasn't anywhere near my type with the whole dark thing he had going on, but that didn't prove why I was so attracted to him. somewhat good deed, has he seen this floor? Reading! he said charmingly. Something then dawned on me that didn't before. I've seen this guy a couple times already through classes since he was the new student today, but he was mostly just a smartass seeking attention. Lucky them, they don't have to put up with this crap. Don't have to ask why you're in here, I thought as my eyes trailed to her small jean skirt. I went on. What kind of jackass does that? it's so much more harder for me. The guy must of had been one of those trouble maker types from what I heard of him because he couldn't actually live by himself. I'm sorry, but I would rather be addressed a lonely, tempered girl that everyone seems to enjoy calling me by anyway. Marissa had been beside me looking just as uncomfortable as I had been. I seriously get horrified when Jackie and Marissa leave me alone with him for some sick joke they aim for. How creepy would that be when he wants to kiss me? Cid has done nothing but act his usual creepy self. I said as if it confirmed a point. For my benefit I forced an assuring smile in Cid's direction and rambled up the stairs praying to dear lord that I wasn't leading him on. The bad thing is it's kind of hard to date with my brothers watching my every move, but don't get me wrong guys don't come swarming to ask me out. Me on the other hand, being the sweet girl that I am, keeps my room clean and I even leave a kiss candy on top of my pillow so she could snack on if she gets hungry. The pesky younger one who can't help to check up on me every second of the day is the brain, if I need help on my Algebra two homework I'll go to him. I might have been ten but I wasn't stupid. I hope he doesn't turn out to be a psycho bird killer. I guess I was the one who lived in detention. Since Jackie was home playing sick, getting a early start on college applications she had no idea about my detention series. The girl is getting on my nerves. Her body wasn't as lanky as Jackie's either; it actually had some curves. Jackie got up and sprinted out the room. Jackie turned around and motioned for us to come along. Don't worry, it's not butter stained teeth, but it was worse; it was the smart-ass who was reading that damn book. Which was a horrible idea because I didn't bother to tell them how I met this guy, and it probably would have been too weird anyway. I grumbled at him, tracing my eyes on the small silver TV that was standing on a brown shelf. The two must have been listening with their hands to the door, otherwise I wouldn't have had to slam the door into their heads to get by. Do you need anymore cuz I can go on for hours? Good thing I saved it! It wasn't the first time my mother pounced on me once I stepped into the doorway. Ruth was ecstatic about this union but when was there ever a time where she didn't wear a smile? I supposed that having your best friend as your stepsister wasn't that bad after all. I had naturally believed that I looked like my father but that was something that I could never be sure of. The most I had gotten out of my mother was  I guess that had to count as something compared to an address or a zip code. Silence ensued when it stopped. I flipped it over and furrowed my eyebrows. Taking a shallow breath, I looked down and saw my father's name- Dunston O' Brien. The papers said Elizabeth Cole in black and white, adopting me back in 1993, the year I was born. Anyone would have been fine for her. For us, right now, Connor is enough for us. It might seem selfish to you but I'll admit that I am a selfish man if it means that you will let her name remain. I had a twin brother. I finally said and walked into her embrace. look so cute when you get that mad! Roxanne let out a breath of relief when her phone stopped vibrating. Roxanne was starting to look uncomfortable, Alice could tell by her fidgeting. She was greeted by three giggling girls. The only thing that would probably keep Roxanne from ripping Amy apart was the best friend factor. She dug in her pockets then entered the store, quickly deciding to order a hot mocha latte. Especially on a rough day. Okay, so she was stretching the truth a bit, but it didn't matter. Their voices grew fainter as she walked away. Yes, she was still mad about yesterday. She could've been kidnapped and they would still be listening and screaming about their songs. It was just some stupid band after all. Amy started to dig through her closet. Roxanne muttered something about how people lacked manners these days. She could apply for a job tomorrow anyways, and this was probably the only time she was going to have fun anyway. It was highly irritating. She shoved the tickets in Caitlyn's hands. All her friends did was squeal once again. Typical. She got a better look at Michelle when she was looking at the stage, she was actually pretty. There was a really long guitar solo after the drums. God he looked familiar but she couldn't quite figure out who he was. She wondered how her friends were coping. All the people were confused, including Roxanne. All eyes were on Roxanne. He was going to tell the whole world that she dumped coffee on his precious head. And neither did the audience. They bickered about how it wasn't fair as they left. Roxanne waited alone on the stage, what was happening? She looked about in her early twenties. And it hurt. Roxanne shook her hand. All this chaos wouldn't be happening and Caitlyn would probably be too star-struck to care. He didn't seem the least bit bothered. Parker let out an exaggerated sigh and carelessly mopped up the mess. Nate raised his eyebrow. Ten dollars didn't mean much to him, but the wagers were always fun. It was taken when I still had braces and hadn't discovered the magic of leave-in conditioner and contacts. My mind doesn't work that way; all analytical and whatnot. An accident that was totally not my fault, by the way. The last thought I had was too confused and contained too many inappropriate four-letter words to record here. The next I was sprawled across the road, my blood covering my orange shirt in a poetic macabre way. It's stuff like that that makes me lose faith in humanity. She got out to see what the damage was and was greeted with the sight of my mangled body. Then, finally she came to her senses, pulled out a cell phone, and told 911 what happened in a trembling voice. She got all hyperventilate-y like the lady who found me, only watching my mom freak out was one hundred times worse. Only this time we would never make up. he asked my mom after they had stared at each other in a stunned silence for a few seconds. She stared up at my dad, waiting for him to have some reaction. He showed no signs of outward emotion; he just wanted to deal with short term things I suppose. If I got to be a ghost, I was so haunting those two first. On a drama scale of one to ten, I decided her performance merited at least an eight. Who knew? There were lots of  shots of the road, cars coming around the curb, as the journalist told how  It was over the top drama, which, of course, pleased me to no end. The answering machine did the rest. EDITED ON 7/23/10. There is going to be a central mystery which will be revealed in the final chapters. And if possible, they should never know. I knew it all along. So here I am, clad in pearly grey. Wait and see, my dear stuck- up bridal pair. It seems like an extremely distant dream. At last, I walk into a small room with a piano. And start playing the only tune that comes to my head, over and over again. I thought he's supposed to be stuck on his Debbie's arm. I want to have the last laugh. . He looks very professional though, let me tell you that. It has slowly transformed me into something undoubtedly ugly. Right? How could I be so lame? I know, not the prettiest – or studliest – name around, and the owner certainly not one I thought I'd ever like. He wasn't perfect-looking, but he didn't need to be. He was smooth and charming and mysterious at the same time. Of course, their band was in party-and-bar-gigs mode, but they were well-known in the campus. Not that I even had a MySpace, but that's beside the point. (Yes, Harry Potter. ) I wasn't a teacher. We wouldn't even have anything to talk about even if I managed to actually think straight with those smoky eyes on me. o. My mom was still holding fast to her own belief of how proper young men should dress themselves, which was the opposite of what Peter was wearing. o. I guess you need 'cool' cred for that. Before I could say anything else, he spoke. Yes, I never saw the similarity between her and Peter, either. In the library. o. And that wasn't even the main caf that people always went to, but another one in a farther building. He was the rockstar with the semi-girlfriend. o. I added, laughing a bit. o. o. o. The feminist in me was crying – here I was, worrying over a boy who didn't even think it was polite to say goodbye to a person. My darling bffs, though, did. Shut up. Karma would bite me in the butt for that. So that's why he wasn't speaking at lunch. Right. I added when he was about to reply. o. As long as Peter's hand was forever in mine, I had no problem sighing and crying over any film in the planet. :) This was a bit inspired from real circumstances, but I do not own any recognizable names up there, except my characters and my story. When the inebriated brunette stumbled into him and visually raped him with her smoky gray eyes, he knew he was a goner. . His eyes fell on his slightly shredded boxers lying on the floor. You threw yourself on me! Her face screwed up in a way that looked dangerously close to crying. Her lips trembled. The vinyl flooring was a metallic blue and in the waiting room there were plush, white velvet sofas. Did his father even care about him as a child? This time, however, he'd punched a fellow eighth-grade student. Mrs. Kingsley pulled out a sleek cell phone and dialled the number. The prospect of working in this sort of soul-killing environment caused his stomach to churn with dread. Chase grinned when a frazzled brunette hurried back into her seat. Her face was growing pink as she rubbed the back of her neck nervously. Hadn't he seen her somewhere before? . he racked his brain. She saw a dimple wink out of his left cheek, but somehow she knew that it was not because he was smiling, but rather, grimacing. Whatever. like getting food on the table and paying the bills on time. He swiftly slid into the elevator just as she pressed 'close'. He cracked an eye open and his lips tilted upwards when he saw Lauralee edging towards the exit, as if he'd eat her. He was amused by how easily she became flustered. He certainly hadn't intended to reveal the bit about his father, although Lauralee had probably gathered as much from her time at the office. and serve as a boyfriend replacement, but she didn't tell him that. Lauralee rose to her feet and was about to sprint, but he caught her arm. On the post-it, she'd written her number and two words that made him grin from ear to ear. Lauralee knew that this moment would be ingrained in her memories forever. When he withdrew from her, his thumb glided over her bottom lip and she sighed. The price was definitely bordering a five-digit number. Addie danced towards the door and opened it with a sweeping gesture. She inhaled a fresh smell of cologne and kissed his newly-shaved chin. It's time. He glanced at Lauralee and noticed that she was also anxious, chewing her bottom lip furiously. The chandeliers dangled with crystals and the corridor flooring which led to the dining room were covered in Persian rugs. She took a seat beside Mrs. Kingsley while Chase sat next to his father. There was a frown permanently etched between his brows and his lips were thin. feared him? The salad cream was probably imported from France or something. Her stomach twisted when she realized that Mr. Kingsley was trying to suppress a look of distaste. Now she knew why even his wife didn't look him in the eye. She opened her mouth to defend Mrs. Kingsley, but Chase beat her to it. She dated Chase just to mooch off him and his money? She was a fifteen minutes' walk from her apartment so she hugged herself and set out. he trailed off when he realized that Lauralee wasn't listening to a word he said. But the knocking grew more persistent so, exasperated, she swung open the door. A quick look at the thick ropes of muscle in his arms, and Lauralee knew that she didn't stand a chance. Bob was never gentle in their relationship and under the influence of alcohol, she knew he was invincible. A derange smile unfolded on his lips and there was a mad glint in his eyes. She heard a satisfying clunk and knew she'd scored. Addie slammed the door behind him. I drummed my fingers nervously against the desk, the frantic rhythm adding to, not reducing, my stress levels. What to do? Still, kept things interesting I suppose. The love of my life, or my job as a Law Clerk in Coulson, Peters and Thirgood? I loved my girlfriend, whole-heartedly, completely, totally, entirely, wholly, absolutely and all the other synonyms I couldn't bring to mind just then. None of your funky, new age, 'I'm cool, let's be friends' priests, this looked like the real deal. This was not strictly true, Mr Coulson was known for his long lunches and if all he had to get back to was some, probably pro bono, consultation with a priest I doubted he'd be hurrying back. Was that even allowed? Remerging with two purchases I stuck the frozen peas I'd bought under my left arm as I ripped open the packet of balloons I'd also purchased, digging around inside until I found a red one. I had so much fun writing this and so I hope it's a bit of fun to read as well! Around these parts most people chose to walk or run towards their destinations. That person must be from the big city Nora figured. As she stood, the apparent driver of the vehicle, adorned in all black, stepped out and opened the rear passenger door. 'Might as well go see what he needs. Nora stopped a little ways away from him and finally broke the silence. His eye were very dark, black even, and their fierce gaze was directed at her. If it wasn't for the fact that she'd never seen the guy before in her life, Nora would've guessed that she wronged him. She strangely found herself wishing that he would speak again. Nora answered happily. Those eyes of his bore into Nora's, but she stood resolutely. ' Nora began walking back home none too quickly. Comments are more than necessary. And poor Josh had signed the note. gross. Pretty soon I didn't open them because I already knew who they were from and what they said. Even on days he was absent, there was a letter waiting for me. And for the first time since that first note, I felt guilty. Scrawled in his unmistakable handwriting was a single sentence:  He didn't even sign it. I never thought I would miss them so much, considering I hadn't read a single one since elementary. Jackie eventually found me standing in the empty hallway, staring at my locker. Slowly, I picked it up. It made him look older and more handsome. When he climbed into the driver's seat, he finally answered me. He pulled in front of my house and I guess he was expecting me to get out, but I didn't. It was short and simple, but it still left me breathless. And let me know of any mistakes you find. She had already stalled enough and her father would soon ask why she had not been visiting. The proud and condescending look was no longer present in her eyes. At once, he stood and went to her as fast as an old man with feeble knees could. He was no longer the image of the great and mighty king his people had looked up to. It even occurred to her that it was possible that he would follow her in grief. The wretch was too cunning. Perhaps, there was one last thing she could do for him. Behind her, Orrin followed. I do not trust that woman. I can't give up my dreams for anybody. He just doesn't get the implications. More accurately, a joke for him. maybe I'll get over him, once and for all. Make him feel something. Completely and totally wrong. He doesn't have enough money to visit me; I don't have enough money to pay for him to, and I also won't have the time up there to come visit him. I won't. I have to get that through to him. he tells me. He doesn't want me that way. I was supposed to stay a whole three weeks, but I ran to the camp counsellor and cried and cried until she let me go home. I don't want to leave him as is, and he has to go and be all sweet on me. It will be better to stop it now, when it's bearable, than later, feeling guilty for drifting apart. It's the reasonable thing to do. I ask, and then answer my own question since he seems incapable, with the glaring and the lip twitching. Even though we aren't a couple, and never have been, the principles still apply. . I hate the stuff, but it's better for me even though I have decided not to go the actress route, and instead, going the journalist route. But there was no point in saying no because of a guy ages away who had probably already moved on on me, so I said yes. Not enough to kiss him, and not enough to want to hold his hand. But instead I feel like I need to go to the bathroom. But there's a big difference between knowing and feeling. I walk into the bathroom and bend my head over a toilet, but nothing comes out, and a song is playing in the background. I sit up on my knees and listen. . Not now when I'm trying to get my head on straight. I grab some toilet paper and wipe the seat, and then blow my nose on it. I hiccup in response to the look and walk back out to my table. I don't stay and fight, and that's what it would take to get me to move on. . Hoping I don't run into an ex best friend. Working and getting paid well by A Current Affair. I don't want to. He waited for three and a bit damn years for me, and it's breaking my heart. He told me so back in grade five. I look to him and he sits himself down beside me. We were back and talking the next day though, as if nothing had happened. Only in my dreams! Which, by the way, isn't a very best friend-like thing to do. I breathe. And I like Serena better nice. Book characters get all the good men in the world. A new story. I would love to hear from you! Please enjoy! His body was pressed against hers, and there was not an ounce of softness to be found. No, that didn't seem right. Urine trickled down her inner thighs as hot tears streamed down her face. Tomorrow she would be lying in a coroner's office, and he'd be left to believe that they were just good friends. That was just too embarrassing to have on permanent record anywhere. he asked cautiously. She pointed to a spot on her shirt that had a big brown spot. he managed to gasp through his laughter. She scoffed. She'd tell him later anyway. he informed her blandly. Which was why he wasn't surprise to hear a yell of  followed by the slamming of the door. His arms wrapped around her immediately despite his confusion. I looked at the radio and went,  Thus this story was born. The woods were large giving us plenty of room to hunt and still stay out of sight of the humans camping areas. She would probably just get in the way and get hurt and I would be distracted and end up getting myself killed. Then she would be mine. I had been heading to a bakery a few streets over when I realized that my wolf was trying to force me to face my mate, she was in the bakery. The smell of coffee was very soothing to us, even if not all of us enjoyed the taste. I still hadn't been able to look him in the eye when he moved away our Junior year. Marcus wasn't a small man by any definition of the word and he wasn't known to be a kind man either, his last girlfriend had  down a flight of stairs. He was looking for Callie, a high school girl that worked for me as a cupcake decorator; she was apparently the little sister of his girlfriend, who had at that point been uninjured. . Marcus was about 20 feet behind me and gaining. My beat up '97 Ford Focus probably needed the break. A quick glance behind me showed that he was still coming and I started to think that maybe the crowd wouldn't deter him like I had thought it would. I cringed in fear as I imagined him doing exactly that. concerns? Second: Turned out her roommate was a guy. He was also one arrogant English boy. But with this whole new scenario going on, would she finally be able to find an escape from her heartaches? Probably not. Yeah, I've seen love work it's magic in a few different couples – and not in the gross way. I hadn't even had my first kiss! But, that's really what Mrs. Carlson said (a lovely little old lady that lives on the corner of my street). My love line? I turned back to the palm reader and cleared my throat. After she finished telling me about my future she charged me twenty bucks and called up the next person. So, when the Renaissance Festival was in town me and a few friends went and I hunted down some palm readers. But, well, unless the first lady had put on a good 80 pounds in three months there was no way it was her. Except, I didn't expect it to be so literally. Almost. Yeah, just fabulous. Ugh, but would I say? He dated now and then. And to end that, all I had to do was dial the number. Wait a second, what would I say? That was his (rich, deep and amazingly sexy) voice. Hey, do you go to my school? I'm assuming that's why you're calling me? I'm just one of them. ' I asked. ' he asked confusedly. ' Said my best friend Mia excitedly, at school the next day. Am I close? He was actually trying (or so I thought) to find me! It was the devil himself. I will find the one with your voice. It's not that easy. Yup, piece of cake. Why don't you just give up? Why are you so scared? 'I will catch you, you should know that. Shame on you. Now do you mind stopping this bloody search of yours? ' I said cheerfully. I knew he wanted to meet me, but I never obliged, thanks to my insecurities. ' I asked, immediately panicking. . No one was there. Do not tell me this was a joke. So, its been you all along. I've had a slight crush on you even since then. Its not right. You know, with you being popular, and me being the opposite? Hope you enjoyed it! But I suppose he's always been different, just not that kind of different. Not being able to help but let out a snort of a mixture of amusement and disbelief; I cover my mouth with a hand and turn my eyes to the tube in my pocket. At least, by the way she looks at him when he's not looking, and by the way she is looking shyly at her feet right now while he messes with her hair and teases her. It's painful watching them dance around each other, all too afraid of treading on a foot to grab hold of each other and just tango. It's a journalist's job to seek out and reveal the truth and I'm already half way there – now it's just the revealing part needing to be dealt with. Besides, I totally owe her – it's not easy to have a really nosey, annoying best friend who is a hypocrite. It's a matter of pride; I have way too much of it. I turn my eyes to Harry, rubbing my leg where Lindsey kicked it with her killer sparkly silver stilettos, and he's turned his to Lindsey. Just have to pick my targets wisely – and make sure the feelings are mutual. Valentine would be proud. He eyes me right back with disapproval, tightening his grip and leaning closer. But Marty can't be happy until he's with her and by the way he's acting I'm guessing he's not. It's like he thinks she's one of those candy coated peanuts he likes so much; I'm pretty sure one time I spied him wiping a bit of drool from the side of his lip. Until your ego is reduced to a bloody mess on the pavement, guts lying everywhere, appendages flying and hitting passersby until they too see the phenomenon that is Rebecca Waters and join you until the whole road is covered in a wriggling mess of – well, you get the picture. Maybe he has a crush on her? Literally. Like at all. But the results haven't been too horrible for the most part have they? He'll just have to be honest with me – which isn't really all that hard because of these glossy lips of mine – and then everything else will fall into place. I'm just not a scary kinda girl. But what's one rain drop to a whole rainbow full of happy people? You have to pay so much attention to be able to figure out the difference between a girl they like – and one they're just playing with. Because she told me the truth and I still don't have any idea what she's talking about. He curses and attempts to kick Marty, but misses as Marty backs out of the way. But thoughtful is definitely not the word to describe him now – unless what he's being thoughtful about is smashing Peter Farley right in the face. It makes me kind of wonder what else he's got going under that tee shirt of his. I'm a woman and first and foremost a feminist one – this disabling of the senses is a betrayal to my beliefs. He's either wearing a whole heap of Chap Stick, or he's wearing the truth serum – I do not like where this is going for me! No he is the absolutely last person I want asking me the questions that I've been asking other people; he's the one that my answers are going to be all about. I just can't. Any normal person would've just asked the name but no – Marty has to ask every individual letter, dragging out the punishment and making me even more embarrassed than had he just asked me once and gotten it over with. FANTASTIC ideas even. OWE ME. . I almost groaned from the reminder. I don't have a talent? . Very Sikh? . . assface. A world-class ego-manic one at that. It was also the only desk that had the hard top of it completely stripped off – enabling me to draw various random little pictures all over the top without anyone caring. She has the most stunning personality to fit her goddess like looks, she is very modest and would rather die than have attention on her; or admit how gorgeous she is. The divorce was messy and my father took my brother to live in California and I haven't seen him since. I was about to sit on the stool when I noticed that one of the corners had been slightly eroded with some kind of acid or chemical. . During the middle of me trying to translate an especially hard French sentence, I was ambushed in a hug. I saw a plate of fresh blueberry muffins sitting on the kitchen bench. I walked over and opened up the internet and I started to search mythological creatures throughout history. I pressed the little magical green button and raised it to my ear. It means so much if you do. ". Maybe I should reiterate this to them, not myself. Oh 's not my fault she's a mindless whore. I scowl at her. I turn to march off toward home. Dean's driving us. It's childish, but it makes me feel better. I crack. I almost gag as one of the guys in the next room hurls. It's hot-- what with the house being full of drunks. Fuck. Dazed, I look up. . Fuck! I suck at social situations, I never should have come here. God, this sucks so much. He was hot. This little one-shot is meant to distract you for the time being. I guess we can just call this payback. I normally sit back and let others race by me, firmly believing that if I work hard and stay focused, my chance will come. I guess that's what you can expect from him, seeing as he's managed our office with the ease of a natural business man. I'm in a euphoric trance, and not even Mr. Johnson's mindless chatter can burst my bubble now. I wince and hold my cell phone a good foot from my ear. I eventually convinced him to come home with me and we had a passionate night of steamy sex. I learned that he was the art coordinator for an art gallery and museum nearby. He tells corny jokes and tends to treat everyone like they're his children. It's a lot bigger and more powerful than my little car. The driver next to me doesn't and pointedly ignores us. I normally just let the subject drop, but apparently tonight he's not going to be picky. Jason is the focus of my complete attention and both of us are being extremely vocal about our pleasure, moaning and calling each other's names. He's so strong and dominating, most of the time making me the submissive one in bed, but he's surprisingly gentle and he makes sure to give me just as much pleasure, if not more, than I give him. I panic slightly, the person's sudden appearance rather eerie and unexpected, but Jason chooses this moment to reach down and cup my growing erection in his hand. It's kind of creepy, but I just can't bring myself to break away from Jason and tell the guy to get lost. Deciding to put our unknown audience in the back of my mind, I redirect my attention to Jason and our steamy foreplay session. ' like sound that gets both our attentions. He's extremely handsome in that dark and dangerous way, his black hair framing his face and falling into dark, brown eyes. I always had a weakness for guys with accents. Maxy obviously seems very upset with the whole situation. It makes me sound like a street whore. Not good at all. How could he lie to me like this? At first I don't know what he's doing but then I realize he is smelling me. I just can't. Why he lives with Jason and I don't. Filthy. Everything was so perfect before. To have your boyfriend come home all the time smelling like another man. I feel like an intruder. To hell with that dream. How many times did he say I love you to both of us and actually mean it? He has humiliated and betrayed me and I can feel anger bubbling away in the bottom of my stomach, underneath all the sadness and pain. I think I've already done enough damage. The new manager job went to another guy and I was quietly fired from work after nearly two months of declining work. It's a slow paced job and nobody talks to me except to ask for help, so it suits me just fine. At least I keep my face shaved, but that's only because it's required for work. I decide that maybe if I go on one date, she'll leave me alone. Amanda set up a reservation at a nice little steakhouse for us and she even had the nerve to slip a condom into my pocket before I left. Neither of us admits it though. He really is quite handsome when he's not sulking. I know it's not my fault, but I still feel partially responsible. Respect. We talked about our jobs and families, anything and everything being fair game in our conversation. Could Max not satisfy Jason's libido, which I knew was very high from personal experience? He chuckled lightly when I voiced this bleak view on art and proudly said that art was all about one's own personal interpretation. I really liked him, he was an interesting person and I found him intriguing and fun to talk to. He didn't smile or laugh often, but when he did, his dark features lit up and I found myself staring. Is it wrong to be attracted to Max this way? The new developed chemistry between us feels so natural, but somewhat awkward and unsteady. Bad memories for both of us. It's a chaste kiss, a simple act of pressing lip to lip meant to get a small taste of the other and decide whether or not to continue. While I'm busy tonguing his mouth, Max pushes his body flush against mine and his hands go to work on the buttons of my pants. We have reduced ourselves to careless lustful animals, violent with need, and it's more arousing than anything I've ever done before. It almost sounds like a growl. Max joined me, settling his head on my chest and curling up around my side. Max is still snuggled up next to me and I lay there for a few minutes to study his face. I think I'll keep this to myself though, because Max probably won't like being called feminine. He lets me untangle our intermeshed bodies from around each other before flopping back down on the couch with a contented grunt. The warm shower eases my body and memories of last night replay in my head. I can't really read the expression on his face. Can he sense my fear? A light seems to be emanating from the bed, or rather the man sleeping on it, and the area around is a swirl of blues, purples, and black. Poor Maxy, he looked so disappointed, but I'm hoping a kiss and the rose in my coat pocket will make it up to him. ! Was he really so far gone that he could not even feel raw rage or fear or even mere disgust? He should feel anger, fear, sadness…something. As if he wanted to be here. He wanted to immerse himself in the simmering heat. Happy reading. Thanks! Thank you! No need to scuff up any fancy kicks. I was used to looking up at most men. It was self-defense. No ogling here, no sirree. This one was definitely a pretty one. When I got home, I could open all the windows in my house and let the fresh-air blow through. He'd just lay there, content that he was getting attention. I jerked, trying to lean away from him, but the people on the other side of me were too close. He cuffed the young man upside the head, knocking him to the floor. A plot's a plot and plots need to be written down. If any of you have expierience of some form with Social Anxiety Disorder then please give me some pointers. What's a nervous guy like Jack to do when he meet's him. Both of them look grave. I am horrible person. Maybe she didn't want to put up with me but just did it for show. It would just be me, myself and the wonderful world of books. If they do that one thing, then perhaps I'll be fine. The lifeless vessel named The Wilkenshire did not obtain any form of amusement and no means to keep its passengers busy. No, she was chained in society's irons on how she should walk, how she should sit, how to behave like a well brought up young lady. It was what everybody around her seemed to be thinking of. Marriage nuptials were announced with such enthusiasm and while society would smile in acknowledgement, in the end they turn the other cheek to criticize. Better for them so they could snatch themselves a handsome looking gentleman knowing Victoria was unhappily married to her 'smart match. She was sick and tired of it! She reminisced the past moments when she and her father splashed about in the salty water, both never hiding their love for the sea. Victoria knew she had to respond carefully knowing it would always come back to her mother. Soon, it dawned on her what it was— a pirate ship! Her heart raced at great speed while she soon began to feel fear. The pirate vessel behind The Wilkenshire most likely carried the worst ill mannered men who preyed upon innocent victims and cared for no one. he asked her gently. she revealed. he told her abruptly. Acting in defense, the spy tried to pry her arm free from Victoria's grasp. When the two ladies reached Victoria's cabin, the old knob was twisted in an instant, allowing them to rush inside and shut the door suddenly by adding the lock to it. They looked up immediately at the sudden swoosh of the door opening, revealing a worried Victoria. Gentle whimpers and soft sobs soon filled the silence that was lurking about. All of the uniformed men were on deck fighting, unsure of how the battle would end. The horror they felt was all too real when the doorframe introduced three male figures. She didn't know herself in that moment in whether she should be feeling excitement or fear of what might happen next. he explained, a devilish grin now playing from his mouth. He hadn't even laid a hand on her and yet he had done much worse to captives before her who even dared to steal a glance at him. She glanced from the sight of the ladies being dragged away to the man in black who remained where he stood, his eyes never leaving hers. . This only angered Victoria as she set her jaw hard. the man explained. He was enjoying every moment this situation brought to him which infuriated Victoria! she cried out in her mind. ! She whimpered once at the shock, her body now stiff and weak. She could feel the man in black's touch clearly having an effect on her, something she did not like at all. He fought to hide a smile, but managed. Thank you! Lashes, blonde in color, kissed her cheeks when she slept, and stayed curled gently while she lay awake. They each looked like polar opposites of each other, and produced a daughter whose beauty could not be questioned by anyone. They tried to keep her from schooling, for a stupid girl was much more valuable than a smart one, but a local school boy had his attention snagged by such a startling beauty, and he sneaked within her home to teach her how to read. One such as herself, one who had grown to love silence and learned to enjoy loneliness, did not appreciate his company. Her room was very simple, just as she would prefer it. She was a child that was to be seen, not heard, her lovely face remaining pure and angelic, though blank and uninterested. Her mouth drew itself tight and her hands touched her lap, feeling the softness of the brown dress her mother had given her. Her fingers brushed the doorframe as she passed, her mouth set in a frown, her eyes wide and filled with an unadulterated curiosity. She spotted an unknown upon a cushioned bench that was positioned out toward her family's expansive house. Hair fell over her shoulder, ringlets of light pooling in her lap, and reflecting the sun beautifully. She felt daft when her hand released the banister's bar and she pressed one slender finger to her pink lips, her chin tilting down just slightly, her request for silence was answered. His eyes flickered to hers again, but this time, she felt the fear keeping her from moving. You inspire. She opened it with a flourish, flashing perfect teeth at her first guest of the night. Angela found the predictability monotonous. So she was already opening the box, when Chelsea Adams cut her off. But she recovered easily, arrogantly tossing the movie to the table. No backing down, not ever. . She loved the game, and she was winning. . Her smile faltered, and round four went to Chelsea. Don't back down; just up the stakes. Chelsea's mouth hardened. But when would these cheerleaders learn, he was not their doormat? She would not lose to Chelsea Adams. It was addicting. He couldn't think through the logic. All she could think of was that hesitating sweetness. After all, what could possibly come of them? Easily the most hated teacher in school, his presence cut into her exhaustion and jerked her back into reality. Grateful not to be called out, her classmates turned their heads away. The snippy little upstart should know that. The boy was challenging all three. Angela watched him go. He confronted her, she lied, and he dumped her. And bitter didn't mix with sweet. Jackson Matthews, her newest king, flung a careless arm around her shoulders. His arm moved lower to encircle her waist, but she pushed him off. Oh, Jackson, don't you know not to challenge a queen? Angela put her head in her hands. Did you even give a damn about someone other than yourself? She shook him off, trying to move away. She couldn't move. He was just too strong. The two tumbled into a table of drinks, arms flailing wildly. Angela tilted her head in confusion; what had happened to the boy with the split lip and bloody nose? She took his hand, and interlaced her fingers with his. Instead, she simply looked at him. And then she vomited all over his shoes. hers. an equal. And there was coffee; she reached for it with shaking fingers. She kissed him. My sister will get very angry and throw things at you. I love my younger sister dearly and have bravely endured the status of the middle with her humor and perspective making things interesting. '. Which is almost everything my parents approve of. But just because I am not some great, hulking mass of 'muscle' I must be malnourished and weak. She's out practicing her combat skills and I'm here doing her job, and getting nagged at by a woman I shouldn't even know. ' As if it weren't her fault to begin with. She is wicked, my sister. Kat had dissolved into a fit of laughter, nearly dropping the basket in efforts to stay upright. Given the hour, we would be unlikely to be overheard by potential customers of my father, so we could say what we liked without worry. ! I tell her so. I disregard these little comments each time, due to their sheer absurdity. I offered to help, but was quickly shooed away. No such luck. The only person foolish enough to call me that was Philip: oldest son and favorite of the Farrier household. ' More like flaunting his own ability. None, as many a malformed horseshoe can attest to. She then turned to me. Or rather… other parts of his anatomy. I was almost out the door when my father spoke up. Arguing with him made me feel like a child. I was not considered grown up, however, as I was to remain quiet and let the adults handle this injustice. I had hoped it would be in Katerina's defense, proof that our parents weren't total sellouts to the peerage, but she was interrupted by the ringing of a bell. Not that the sacrifice had ever been forgotten. And she was always proven wrong of her doubts as someone else was chosen. As I came down my brother met me in the hallway. Surely she would be alright as always. Amanda and our mother seemed to have similar sentiment, as I heard them pacing around the common room or tidying up random things. So much so that as they came up to the door, she wrenched the door open, only to be met by the elder of the temple of Nahara looking solemn. Our mother began heatedly bargaining with the elder. The temple elder just looked surprised. I heard in my head  When she finally left the house my mind started racing. Saying anything now would likely get me severely punished, if not imprisoned. This was not the case. But then again, she wouldn't be my sister if that were the case. By any means necessary. I had suggested this idea to my family, but Kat calmly pointed out that even if there were such a person around, the dragons would attack the city anyway. However, a few hours before sun-up she decided to finally allow the news of her 'inevitable death' affect her disposition. Then she finally erupted. Amanda, Philip and I were unsure of what to say to reassure our sister. Or saying strange things no one understands. If there had been men of their stature underneath, no one would have been the wiser. It's a quote from a movie. I eyed the book in my hand. I loved the water. Not Vespar. Each painting was done by a student. River leaned against the brick wall, wrapping his arm tightly around me and pressing a kiss to my temple. she told us and grinned before disappearing. He twirled a piece of hair around his finger before pulling fully away from me. Kimberly Ann smiled and told me that we needed to hang out before disappearing towards the library to see if she could get a look of River. Oh god, he was going to see if he could flirt with Riana. Every word he said to me, every caress, every kiss, had me falling for him faster. He pushed his mouth against my ear again. That was always Rivers' way. He chuckled dryly. I was angry. I said completely disgusted. Penelope asked and I shrugged, dabbing at my raw eyes. River was now with Riana, it had only been an hour after our  and he was already with her. Penelope held me by the waist and patted my back soothingly. January disappeared into February and soon Valentine's was around the corner. He would always hate me, never love me. I was not okay, though. She shook her head and I shrugged, placing it carefully back in my locker. Finally, thirty minutes later, we were ready. He took me by the arm and dragged me to the drinks. I looked towards Penelope for some help, but she was nowhere to be seen. He quirked a brow in my direction and looked down to where Jake had his arm wrapped around me to the small space between us. I whispered to him. I went on to explain the rest as Penelope listened carefully. College was approaching, high school drama would be over… hopefully, all I could do was hope that it would disappear, forever. I asked and noticed that he hadn't come from the main entrance of the house. I told him sincerely; afraid my voice was going to break. Jeremy turned to the house and walked back. He didn't say anymore. He pulled away, resting his forehead against mine. he muttered against my lips. Perhaps it was because he had few distractions from reading, books were his escape, and the only one he had in truth. His tall, thin frame was of a teenager who had grown quickly over a short period of time and has yet to fill out properly. Josh's arms were toned and subtly muscular and from doing Phys-Ed with him the past two years, Jessi knew that toned physique ran down his stomach where there was a hard six-pack, a delicious 'v' of hip bone that disappeared teasingly beneath the elastic of his boxers to somewhere that Jessi was not comfortable admitting he looked, yet. Smirking at his own pun Josh arched an eyebrow, he opened his mouth to speak again but was interrupted. Josh had become the king of high school, whereas Jessi had become a loner, shying away from most social contact. It wasn't the first time that the door had suffered such abuse, but it was the first time it had shown any outward signs of assault. The classroom door opened and Jessi walked in, Josh didn't mean to watch him but he couldn't help it. His cheeks were still burning from the altercation with Hayward, this certainly wasn't helping. Jessi blinked and turned back to facing the front his fears somewhat alleviated. It took about two and a half hours to write; it went really fast because I had so much fun with it. No way in hell is she leaving me here alone. Damn it. Isn't the fact that I hate airports legitimate enough? I've only been here for about ten minutes and this place is already trying to blind me. This is going to be a long wait. Then she'll be really sorry that she forced me to go by myself. Crap. I curse this stupid suitcase under my breath and try to pick it up. 4 pounds—pretty close to the 50-pound limit they have at the airport. Really. Honestly. My ticket stub says 37A, so I try to find my seat right away, pushing past the smiling blonde flight attendant with a nametag Julia. 37! Forget what I said about him being adorable, even though he has dancing hazel eyes and dark chocolate colored hair and the cutest freckles and—damn it, that's not the point! Usually my mom is here for me to latch onto; I hide my face in her shirt and she calms me down, but this time, no, this time my mom wants me to be  I'm going to die now and she's going to feel so sorry. I hate the stupid people like the stupid cute boy and—hey! At least he's not dirty. Instinctively, I whip out my arm and incidentally slap the boy in the face. This is just getting ridiculous. God, maybe I'll have to take an axe to this boy before he stops teasing me. The boy looks curiously at me as he sips his cup of ginger ale and then impulsively gestures his cup at me. Laughing in his grave even. She wouldn't be the first flight attendant to have enough of me. Somebody should have shot them before they could invent the plane. My fingers itch for a pen, so I set my sketchbook aside and pull up my carry-on. Tell me I am not that stupid. And next to the squished, screaming figure is a boy with curly hair—his stupid stick figure face has a big mouth and as if the hint isn't enough, there's a speech bubble next to him with a big  inside. I really am going to die. And today I'm going to die sitting next to some obnoxious idiot who will probably cackling with laughter all the way down. I hate this. He reaches down and squeezes my hand. It's about time. We are alive. I take his hand, an accusing look in my eyes. I knew he didn't mind—he was certainly the type of person who liked attention—but I did. . There is not a good chance of it coming back, but if it does, though, be sure that it'll be better than ever. And it wasn't just because they were uncomfortable, or because they only increased how hot she was in the early summer heat; it was because of what they represented. Summers off suited her, Elizabeth thought bitterly. She flopped back onto her bed, still in her interview-best. None of the interviews left her feeling particularly confident. It was frustrating to her that they seemed to be right. As it turned out, even the school photographers were required to have more experience, and Elizabeth had received rejection letters from the three companies she applied to. She needed the base pay of a job at home in order to save enough to get out where the jobs were better. She was already unsure how she would have made it through the first two months without her. She knew it was pride, but she couldn't get around it yet. It was getting harder to not feel sorry for herself and she needed to get out of that mood pronto if she was going to make it through the week. She felt that she'd be so excited to have found something that it wouldn't matter much. She was certain the night would be long, though she was thankful that at this time, her parents' attention tended to focus on Matt. She knew her parents would exchange exasperated glances if she so much as sighed during this visit, so she planned on faking her happiness with the best of them. After her response, her parents shared a not-subtle-enough glance and the rest of the trip was silent. They shared a hug and moved into the kitchen while her parents and brother talked in the living room. While it wasn't a 'soft' career-choice to her parents, as Liz knew her choice was, it certainly didn't qualify as the 'hard' positions her parents had as a heart surgeon and a tenured genetics professor. Without Matt, she likely would have failed her biology courses in high school. She knew, in that aspect, that her mother was only trying to help, but it didn't always feel that way. As it was, Matt was making more as an intern than she'd be likely to see in her lifetime. Being unable to find a job made her feel unwanted enough, but it was much harder to deal with the fact that her parents didn't seem to want her around. She wanted to go home; the fake smile she plastered on her face was starting to hurt. She felt a small metal object pass from his hand to hers and knew it must be a key. she answered, raising a hand to her parents to indicate they needed to wait a second. Millie's voice became muffled and Liz couldn't understand a thing she was saying. It wasn't until then that Liz realized she had a real smile on her face for the first time in days. She stayed silent for the rest of the car ride. She exited the house quietly, grateful for the small favor that allowed her to miss running into her mother. She actually felt lighthearted, a completely foreign feeling since she left college. Liz found herself comfortable there. She had such a warm demeanor that Liz couldn't help but smile back at her. She was trying really hard to keep the disappointment off her face, but she was certain it wasn't working. Millie's eyes met Liz's. She felt that she couldn't possibly make a bigger idiot out of herself. Millie said, eyeing Liz. I will update as frequently as possible. Just a warning. . . . . . really, why do you even bother? Hell yes! Of course. . Mine. . . he just confronted me about the fact that I like him. I don't know what to think. . a gay blind date. . . . But I don't think it will. Style disaster! Okay"? It's like that. fun-looking. . ? . What school do you go to"? "? Fuck? rivalry or not". that I should go out with you". Is he fucking insane? ". ". lured you there". . It's alive! ," he murmurs, ignoring Tommy. Hamsterchow = indigestion. And I like to make to-do lists occasionally. No one knows I exist. Alright, then. I'm a freakgeekhybrid extraordinaire. . . Go, me! Contradict much? Okay, maybe just one. okay, maybe a little. wait. Another stupid rocker. Heh. they seemed to squeal. Omar was one of the few people who talked to me. Glare. . I didn't intend to be beaten this time, either. . Me, bent over my desk. Terror contorting their mangled faces. Basking in sparks and flickering light, I rose from the flames. Just kidding. And math. You need oxygen. Tap-tap. No one wants to die, except for those who do. Bzzt. I began to scratch the side of my neck as I thought about it. . Bzzzzt. It's a very nice pencil box. I turned back to my paper and started on the first problem. So mean that I didn't update for months and months. It's a little darker, not more dramatic, but not every line is going to be humorous. How humiliating. He shook his head. I'd feel like a complete moron. Want what? Cold enough now. Not at all. ". He yawned. Until I smile, anyway. . Who knows? Get out of my house, you ungrateful bastard"! She dropped her bags near the door, allowing her eyes to adjust to the lack of light. Boats in the harbor bobbed on the mild waves while beyond, the great Bering Sea stretched for as far as the eye could see. And she totally adored him. Once she earned some money and settled into her new life, she'd buy whatever she wanted. She wasn't into frills. She shivered at the thought, glancing toward the kitchenette area as if Alice would appear bearing a casserole. Nothing fancy which was just perfect. She wasn't too concerned – it's not like she would be sharing her space with anyone and would have to worry about privacy. Bubble baths were not something she was willing to sacrifice. Sighing, she shrugged inside her yellow jacket and jogged down the walk. The time away hadn't changed her love for her hometown – but perhaps it had changed the town's feelings toward her. She'd wanted to look out her window and see breathtaking landscape. It was pretty much like every bar or pub she'd gone to since she'd celebrated her twenty-first birthday three months earlier. It was still early afternoon and only a few patrons were at the bar, nursing drinks. A lingering smell of tobacco and salt water clung to his clothes, reminding her of her father. Sunny had a feeling she'd get along with her just fine. She'd been that route too many times. Eli slipped off his coat, draped it on a chair, and then sat, still puzzling over the new girl. Suddenly, his face lit up and he smiled. When she finished, she turned their way, making Noah's face relax into a grin. Eli narrowed his eyes as he scanned the girl's face, noting the familiarity. Her father was Jason Lerner, captain of the F/V Mystique, the only boat native to Eagle Harbor to ever go down. Sunny had always been the tomboy type, able to compete with Noah's little group of friends in damn near everything, but after the accident, she'd changed. He only hoped she had nothing planned to commemorate the event as the town didn't need to be reminded of the tragedy – and neither did his mother. don't tell my boss). How do islands remain stationary? John almost toppled over. She strutted. He ducked low and pulled me towards the direction of my house. John peered through my open window once Beau gently shut the door and made his way around to the driver's side. I punched him in the throat. How did he end up with an asshole for a best friend? Only a tiny bit, though. But alas, I was wrong again. I stood, watching him; but after some debate, I decided to walk over. I hated having a conscience sometimes. I can't forget that one. That's my story and I'm sticking to it. You are the ball. Only crickets and fireflies kept us company. I murmured against his mouth. The second chapter of Summer Air will be posted when I have more time. Thnx. . . might add a cool perspective to the reader! Evil typos. . ! An update so soon? the  Tobias mentioned). They risk losing their heart as well. twisting the knife? Nope. . . not 'pray'. . I have, for the past couple of years, decided that love just wasn't for me. I would always laugh and hug him just the same, knowing he was only joking. Though, I think I've gotten better. Being the  girl in the grade, never sat well with me. The pretty, thin, platinum blond girls, of my grade, had taken an immediate dislike to me and they never had a problem showing it. Though, I guess I do owe my best friend to the Malibu Barbies of the class. She had found that a perfectly reasonable cure for my lack of  They had taunted me into silent tears and had laughed at my retreating back as I had run out of the lunch room. Jay's response had been quick and he had delivered it with a twinkle in his dark green eyes. Always finding some flaw in his flavor of the month and tossing the  back into the dating pool. He could pry into my love-life, but I couldn't pry into his. And Jay knows it. I had suggested that he wear less, but that hadn't flown too well with him. A messy bun would top off my outfit; I have always hated dealing with my thick wavy hair. The summer before my  she had gotten close, except my father had intervened, saying I didn't need any help looking prettier than I already was. After that we had gone shopping. I had refused to buy anything that would show off my cleavage, but Jay insisted, saying that it wasn't my choice. I had pulled back but Jay's warm hand had found its way to the back of my neck and it had stopped me from pulling away. Now-a-days we laugh about it and I joke around say that I had turned him straight for the day. And when I had said inseparable, I meant it. Shortly after I had moved into the city and I've been here for about three years now. We each get our own spacious bedroom and a bathroom, but the large kitchen and living room are sometimes the battle zone for our blow outs. I love her, but she drives me fuck nuts. She and the other ladies inside our gated community strived very hard to out-do each other, which was one of the reasons this specific call had come about. Every weekend that our parents had been out of town, Tony had always thrown a massive party and I would always be the one who would have to deal with both his and Jay's drunken stupors and hangovers. He always butts into my love-life. My mother's voice came out loud and clear, and I gave Jay a look as I put the phone receiver down. I gave her the cold shoulder for more than a week, and finally my father had to mediate. He always thought it was a hoot. Jay can do no wrong, in my mother's eyes, and I can do no right. They were anything but. Jay had had years of experience in dealing with my mother. Well when Jay sets his mind to something there is no stopping him. This is probably due to bad planning and my ability to click the 'post up' button before editing and, well, basically, thinking about what I had posted. Therefore, the storyline and characters are changing (not too much) so please bear with me. Hope you all have a super 2009 =)Prologueproject[n. Needless to say, I went home with chocolate around my mouth. From where I came from it was academics first but I quickly caught on after getting jeered at by the popular people- the ones at the top of this social ladder. As in, I'd be by myself completely. . When Michelle, the receptionist and gatekeeper who manned the front desk handed him some contract forms, he simply nodded but said nothing. The nylons itched her lithe legs she kept in shape through running and hiking in the foothills surrounding the city. He hadn't owned more than a half dozen at a time but each one had been customized in the luxury it afforded the clientele who could afford to stay there. Another would be built more than 15 feet in the depths of the ocean, accessible only by a mini-sub. He had wanted to build his own empire and he had been doing that. She had no doubt he would spend time in all his bases of operation though none for too long given his propensity to keep moving. Hands that could curve around a football, legs that could power him through a marathon, Max had grown up loving all kinds of sports, especially those that thrived on constant motion. Growing up just down the street she had seen him attract a throng of eager females since junior high school and that hadn't changed. She saw the weariness on his face. He had known that his new client had deliberately scheduled his test during that phase of the lunar cycle to test him but he had done his job anyway. Would the hair on his chest be coarse beneath her hands, his skin slick with sweat, she definitely wanted to find out. The mango drink felt cool as it poured down her throat but she still felt warm. She'd smile sleepily before heading home to crash for a while. Wait, she needed a wardrobe adjustment. She sipped her juice, this sounded promising, but wait she forgot the garters and thigh-high tights, sheer of course. She needed something seriously hot like royal blue…no red…wait, black would better accentuate her dark hair, which curled around her face. He had called her in to assist him on what legal language to include in some passage of the contract but when he looked up and saw her, he'd know she had something else in mind. He'd take in the creamy mounds of her breasts sheathed by the black lacy and silk of her bra and her toned abdomen, and the panties which would cup her pussy from his view. She invited him with a look and giving him a gander of what waited for him, soft silky flesh aching to be stroked gently as he claimed her mouth. His mouth caressed hers gently at first, his stubble scraping her skin in a way that tantalized and his hand cupped her chin. But then the men in college and law school had been clumsy, and not very goal oriented compared to Max, who knew exactly what he wanted and how to get it. Her fingers itched to touch him, and not just there but she wanted to explore every inch of him. His copper nipples, her mouth ached to taste but…maybe later because now she felt her desire increase tenfold because he had moved his mouth away from her mouth and closer to an ear. She wanted to squirm but she forced her body to remain still on the desk. It felt like iron in its firmness, yet soft and warm, and so alive. He moved from his fondling to that action so quickly she barely knew it. Her pussy stretched, the sting of his penetration turning into the shards of pleasure as he moved against her, creating delightful friction. She must have been fantasizing about her boss again. But a part of her wished that he did know what she had been imaging including that part of her that throbbed right now. He was so stubborn; if he had just gotten a jacket, he wouldn't be freezing right now. Ryan was starting to think he'd have been better off sacrificing looks for comfort. It was just over thirty degrees out, and Ryan was wondering why the hell he had only thrown on a t-shirt and his worn-out baseball hoodie. Now, however, all Ryan was concerned with was being in a temperature that wasn't on the verge of dropping into the twenties. The party consisted of a lot of dancing and people searching for alcohol (which Miles's parents smartly stored away with a lock only they knew the combination to), ending with a resounding sing-along to Living on a Prayer. He couldn't wait for a fresh start. Ryan jumped about a foot in the air when he felt a pair of arms wrapped around him from behind. he exclaimed, and kissed her. Ryan just threw his Algebra II book at Miles's head. However, when he saw the look on Ryan's face, he knew that the jaw-dropping wasn't out of love for the gift; Ryan was freaked out. He faked a cheerful goodbye as Gabrielle walked away. While Miles managed to retain some of the information he was reviewing, he knew that Ryan was off in his own little world. Ryan, who hadn't been paying attention, got hit squarely in the eye. In the back of his mind, however, he could tell something was going on with Ryan that he wasn't explaining. The only person he'd take an attitude from was Miles. When Ryan and Gabby had first started going on, Miles had resolutely refused to be in the same room with her, furious that she was even in his company and hurt that Ryan would start dating someone who had humiliated him in such a horrible way. He didn't know it was Gabby until after they started dating. What changed? Again, thank you very much! I could die happy now. :Be Mine:. The land was now soaked, muddy, and littered with numerous puddles that she was forced to avoid from the rain, but the skies were beginning to clear up so she knew that soon the heavens would return to a crisp shade of blue. Just the thought of what those signs meant and represented made her yearn for the school year to end. She was the one every girl wanted to be best friends with. They thought she had the perfect life and the perfect family, but they were sadly, sadly mistaken. A life the rest of the student body knew nothing about, yet, assumed they knew everything there was to know because the media said so. The sight made her roll her eyes and quickly avert her gaze. And each day that passed she grew more and more distressed, for her least favorite of all holidays, if it was actually considered one, was fast approaching. Luckily, he was too engrossed in hearing himself speak than to notice her as she passed by. When the tsunami of school related items finally ended she glanced around cautiously, making sure she didn't cause too much of a scene, when in fact no one had seemed to have witnessed it at all, or they had chosen to ignore what they had observed. But it only contained two words and they didn't help in identifying who it was that had broken into her locker. Nada. It was hard to say they weren't from the same parents, both having light brown hair and bright, blue-green eyes. As much as Kylie wanted, based on her attire, it was highly doubtful that it was going to snow. It was infectious. He completed his outfit with an old pair of gray flip flops that had seen better days, but rain or shine he always managed to wear them. Anyways, I hope you guys enjoy it! He realized that the mistake wasn't in the location of the bedrooms, but just how easily sound permeated from one to the other. Really, the length of time that the couple did it really depended on a number of variables. Depending on how drunk he was, Princess may leave Stud with a case of the BB's, an argument would ensue, which ended with Stud spending the night on the couch. And don't even try to add in the variable of effects that could happen whether or not Stud had mind enough to put some nice sex music on before getting at it. ). His body was flushed with embarrassment and arousal, he suddenly felt awake. He went to bed, vowing to never do what he did the night before and slept peacefully, even somehow sleeping through the rampant sex that was going on above him. He gave in, creating a sticky mess all over his chest and stomach once more. Maybe the same happened with guys; the longer guys lived together the more synchronized their sex lives became. No, the final point of no return was when, one evening, a few minutes before the start of the night's festivities his feet took him to his closet. Granted, Marvin didn't know what that meant, however it looked a little on the large side. On the seventh night using the dildo actually became fun. That was stupid and impractical; there were a myriad of reasons why one shouldn't have a baby by just anyone. His eyes were a dark gray, his nose just a little big but cute, his face handsome, his smile endearing, and those dimples…suffice it to say, there was nothing none-sexy (as far as Marvin could see) about Stud. The dildo felt unusually warm and, as a result, Marvin gasped as he teased himself. Sadder things have happened, he was sure, yet he couldn't help but feel a certain kind of self-loathing at the thought of being so unwanted that it came down to a dildo to console his loneliness, a dildo to make the connection that no other male seemed willing to make with him. Hell, he'd never felt the touch of another man, yet he could no longer feel the toy, but what was, he was sure, flesh and blood inside of him, pulsing with lust and arousal and, daresay, love? He felt a hand prop up his other leg while the other hand, hot and strong and reaching and grasping, he could feel it explore his body as their sacred ritual continued. Or some of it, at least. Finally he came with a shout. Dry. He was late for work, he only had one friend in the world, one person who cared about him, he was lonely in spite of that, and he lived his sex life vicariously with the help of a dildo. You didnt believe it. It hadnt been more than 2 hours ago when she told you she ordered you something that was coming in the mail. At this point, you were screaming. Slowly, you let the gravity of the doctor's words sink in. He moved to the large, empty fireplace and stood with his back to you. You were shaking your head silently in denial. He wasnt your father anymore. I know they're dead, and I can't do anything to help them. The sun hasn't shone through the clouds for as long as anyone can remember. The stitches across my chest and thigh have already been taken out, but the ones on my cheek are still there because my wound reopened twice in training since my last punishment. My nightmare helps me not to forget ‐ not that I would, even without it. Pain is weakness and weakness is death. I failed him and I owe him everything. Code Red means there are intruders in the building. Darting up the stairs, I take two at a time until I reach the President's floor. He could be in danger. I listen carefully. She doesn't even have time to be afraid before I pull the trigger. His light eyes darken with rage. Shoving him against the white wall, I take a zip tie out of my pocket and pull his hands behind his back. I enter it into the panel attached to the wall beside the elevator, and the panel shifts into the wall replaced by an eye scanner, which I lean into so it can identify me. I just hope they haven't made it to the ballroom yet. Ignoring him, I push him onto the elevator. I don't know if this is a good sign or not. But then I've lost count. If the President is there, I have no other choice but to get to him. He crouches next to me, straining against the binds around his hands. It's not a good idea to talk to the people you are going to kill. Doesn't he know which side he's fighting for? Why is he fighting against that? Every eye focuses on me. The rest should have run when they had the chance. Where they have been this whole time, I have no idea, but someone is going to be punished for this. He's fine. He stops squeezing the trigger just before the gun would have fired. I take a breath and go with my instincts. Staring into his eyes now, it's hard to believe no one else sees the strength that I see in them. I'm not sure what he expected to happen when he broke into the Tower. My Master is good at getting what he wants. When his gaze returns to Brian, I watch my prisoner hunched over, trying to catch his breath after my blow, and feel a weird tightening in my stomach. Thunder echoes outside and through the windows, I watch rain slide effortlessly down the glass. He should see the consequences of his actions. But I still can't look at the President. I've located two Council members in my time, but sadly, I've never even heard a whisper of the so-called Commander's name. I need to get John to the holding cell before my Master has a change of heart. He bumps into the back of a chair at the end of the long, metal table in the center of the room. He may be stronger and he can dish out pain like no one else, but fighting is my art ‐ among other things. I think I'll break if he doesn't. He is absolutely disgusted with me. You don't protect your enemies. It wasn't until a group of people pooled resources and started to build a new center, a new Capitol where people could come for help, food, and shelter. My Master won by a landslide. Then there's mass chaos and more people end up dying. When my family didn't bend to the Resistance, they were killed. He was here to kill the President ‐ my greatest reason for living. Through fire and ash, they burned my family away. I shouldn't have stopped Adrian, and I shouldn't have protected this Rebel, regardless of what information he holds. When he looks back at Spencer, I realize I'm still standing between Adrian and John. I don't want Adrian to kill John, and I don't understand why. Why do I even care? I don't understand what has gotten into me. Margaret mumbles something. Unstained by life outside the Tower walls. Why did this thought suddenly cross my mind now? My eyes are a dark shade of green. It would make blending in so much easier. They help keep me safe. I think that's his way of punishing me, by taking this piece of happiness away from me. Rule Number Seven: Do not fail. It's not even possible. I deserve whatever punishment I get. I just don't want to disappoint him anymore. His eyebrows rise in my direction. We both know how his father feels about Rule Number Two. I will survive because I will not disappoint him again. I know the feeling well. My wrists are on fire with my weight pulling down on them. I'm alone now, and there's nothing I can do. I don't say anything. I won't let him regret that. Any feedback and comments are appreciated! Or a god? Slowly"! :) I've only got what I can find via books and google, and what a few of my readers have told me from their visiting there. Every time she saw him, she ended up holed in a bathroom somewhere, bawling her eyes out while a few friends stood outside and shook their heads with pity. And it didn't help that she had agreed to still be friends, and he treated her much the same as he had when they were dating, minus the hand-holding and three-hour-long phone conversations. She was tired of being the second best woman in the relationship, of being the employee who took the manager's responsibilities for minimum wage, of being the only single female in the menagerie of social situations, of dealing with the explosive situations in her family as they fought like cats and dogs, and of being under pressure by her mother to settle down and get married already. She acted every bit as spoiled as she was. Despite being much more logical than the rest of her family, as well as having a temper that was expected given her red hair, Chevy tended to fall for the first man who made her laugh, and she was loyal to a fault. If they had been locked in one room, Chevy suspected the family would implode, or kill each other with the resentment, prejudice, judging, and anger. Both of them wanted someone who could satisfy their desires without tying them down. Nobody really need her there, they only used her to vent on, blame, and complain to. She insisted that it was a stupid idea, that Chevy would be penniless and homeless, be robbed, or be kidnapped and sold into a black market slave trade. In a few hours, he'd made some calls, left a message, and told her to go. She knew she was the reason for this most recent upset, but fighting was common in this household, and all of them- her younger sister, older brother, and herself- had learned to either leave the house or ignore the ruckus. Only difference was, now she didn't throw whatever happened to be in her hands at the height of her temper. That's all she wanted. Away from everything that surrounded her and choked her and shoved her down. That was just his way. Thankfully, both of the old women who sat next to her on the plane were content to read Vogue magazines and snore. When she woke, she could only agonize that yet another man had imprinted himself so deeply on her that she could not even escape him in her subconscious mind. The number her father had given them to call back- her own cell number- had not been tried as of yet. This airport reminded her a little too much of the last she had been in, where Jonathan had broken up with her as she worked her shift at the register. At least, with her plethora of freckles and naturally carrot-colored hair, she fit in. Except that the clouds rushing over the sky reminded her of him like nothing else. He was five-nine, she was five-eight. She did not resent it, per se, but she really wasn't in the mood to talk. It seemed so tranquil. But with Jonathan, she was truly heartbroken. Why? But she replayed the memory of Jonathan over and over, wondering again if perhaps it really had been her fault that he'd left, though he had assured her afterward that it was not. Not that he was really going to buy anything, he had come in and told her he had something important to say, and could she spare a minute? So she shrugged, told him either it would have to wait and he could call her later, or he could tell her now. He never avoided her eyes like this. His next words were as unexpected as a snowstorm in July. She went through the rest of her shift getting drinks wrong left and right, until her manager came out and told her to go home early. Without any warning. He had gotten her where she wanted to be, so for that she was thankful. Behind the village were stony hills beginning to mist with the first signs of rain clouds, and facing the village was the sea. A woman on a bike came up the lane towards her, sometimes swerving a little too close to the hedging of short stone wall topped by a useless wire-and-wood fence that did nothing to hold in the tall grass and sloping land. She could find some hotel and be just fine for a few days while she sorted herself out. At least she knew someone was home. I can only dream and write. I hope that Noah and Samantha's story touches you in some way. I will do it tomorrow. But I would never admit any of this to my mother. Much to my dismay, it actually started. All was quiet in the town. I didn't appreciate being interrupted while I was making songs about my hatred of mowing. I turned off the mower and gave him a pointed stare. I didn't have to mow the stupid grass. He was half-way through the lawn by the time I went back outside. However, he didn't seem to mind the silence. And once again there was complete silence. he said after a moment. I turned to walk back into my house. In our first moments that day, I never suspected how much he would grow to mean to me. The moment Noah saw me, he cut the engine. After all, if he was going to mow my lawn, the least I could do was make him some lemonade. I watched him as he walked down the steps to my porch and down the sidewalk. He didn't wait for my response as he turned to walk away. I blushed. he said after he had emptied his glass. Act with confidence! His arm didn't even brush up against mine. I would fix him some lemonade and then after he finished, we would watch a movie. And although he had never said it, I could tell by the way he looked at me—his gaze never wavering—that he found me extremely attractive. Yet, he did not ask me out. Just don't let him control you. And waited. I didn't know if that was what he had in mind when he said 'dress-up' but it was about the best I could do. I said softly. I confessed. Over 23 percent of children grew up without fathers nowadays. Like me, he was an only child—a miracle from God—he said, because his parents had been told that it wasn't possible for them to have children. However, I blocked out her warnings as I went to take his hand. When I was in his arms, I felt safe and secure—more so than I had ever felt in my life—and I knew then that I was falling in love with this man. I went into the house, my heartbeat pounding so fast it was almost as if he HAD kissed me. I rushed inside to grab him a glass just before he had finished with my yard. Suddenly, he lowered the glass and placed one hand on my cheek. Be involved physically with a man, she was reminding me, but never emotionally. Too soon, he pulled away, looking at me with so much intensity that I would have fallen to the ground if he hadn't been gripping me by the arm. However, that kiss out on my front porch, the one that tasted of lemons, was the only one we shared that day. And every Tuesday, he would come and mow my lawn, I would make him his lemonade, and together we go inside and watch a movie. I did not know. His lips tasted like lemons. This was probably why about six months into our relationship, I felt the need to destroy all we had together. We had both tried to ignore her, but suddenly I felt a nagging in the back of my mind—a fear that I hadn't felt in so long—the fear that one day Noah would leave me and I would end up more alone than ever before. I said them before he could say them to me. My mother would have been ashamed. They only leave broken hearts behind. I finally whispered when he did not speak. I had not made the lemonade beforehand because I didn't expect that he was going to be there. I didn't know what to say or even if things were okay between us. He placed a hand on my cheek, grazing my jaw slightly, before giving me the now empty glass and turning to walk away. But instead, I let him walk away. And I knew then that he was the man I was going to marry. But now he seemed to be doing some kind of weird design in the lawn that didn't make sense. I could tell now that he was writing something in the grass, but for the life of me, I could not guess what the words could have been. It was too short to read unless I was up close. I had not caught on. He tried to smile, but failed. It was easier to stare down at the grass as I tried to still my beating heart. he said suddenly dropping to his knees and pulling a ring from his pocket. He asked and I nodded again, firmer. It fit me just right. I loved how familiar—how comforting—it was to me. I took pictures from all angles—including a few from my roof—I stared out my picture window in awe of how incredible Noah truly was. he told me softly. He made sure to be home from work before five o'clock every Tuesday so that we could spend the evening together. And one time I asked him if it was harder to mow then the little lawn I once had. I could always count on our love. Unlike the father I had, I knew that Noah would always be there for his children. I was inside, cleaning the bathroom, and trying to come up with new excuses to put off what Noah had been doing for me for almost twelve years. I said. I screamed to be heard above the mower before walking back inside. I still hadn't confessed to my mom that I actually liked to cook and clean. Not the safest thing, of course, but he had run out of gas. Did he even know he hit a man, or did he think it was just a deer or a road-bump that needed to be fixed? Maybe then he would not have to take his last breaths on the concrete pavement alone, in the cold. I looked at his body and knew that no part of my husband was still there. People were crowding around us, telling us how sorry they were, asking us if there was anything they could do for us. Her words were not meant to be cruel. Noah had taken so huge a part of me that I didn't know if I could function without him there beside me. ! I had to stay strong—or at least as strong as a dependent woman who had lost the one she depended on could be—I had to do it for them. I will do it tomorrow. Although I do not mind starving, I have to make sure that my children are feed. I pull out some lemons in order to make a pitcher of freshly-squeezed lemonade. She tastes like lemons. I say my voice cracking as I bend down to hand him the glass. And as I embrace him tightly, I smell the familiar scent of salt and sweat and freshly mowed grass. Thanks you, as always, for taking the time to read my writing. You'll see. It's just that I can't think straight anymore. How? They're all the same for me. don't like men"? Lucy rolled her eyes at the girl's exuberance, and held back slightly. If we go in there, we'll never come back out. Twenty minutes, tops"! hunk. "I just thought that was funny. It was not in her nature to be distant. She waited politely, but he didn't respond with his name. "Fine. Just what he deserved. She turned on her heel and walked away. He was going to grab her tonight, anyway. I don't believe you sometimes, Ames. Amy watched as her friend pulled out of her driveway. And Mom is acting weirder than ever. She bit her lip. Oh, it's not what she's pointing at that's unimpressive, that is rather impressive, but her excuse for failing tests, handing work in late and then failing that as well is pretty poor if you ask me. It's enough to shock her into looking into the room instead of out the window at least. In fact it took eight pencils, five erasers and a stress ball to the head before she finally got fed up enough that she wanted to finish the questions and make me leave. No Myra, focus. I sighed, but rolled down my window. Ok, well, if in doubt, tell the truth. I immediately felt a little bad for just driving off on such a weird note, so I put my hand out the window and waved, not looking in my mirror to see if he waved back, and drove on home. I bite mine. I had left my mom to deliver the bad news both times. Finally it seemed she had given up on playing the nice-person card and was actually going to lay down some truths. It works! They learnt from their mistake. I mean graffiti artist. I would be driving Kerrie's car, and Kerrie, back to mine tonight but she kept her keys because she knew me well enough to guess that I'd probably drive off already if I could and come back for her later. I sighed thinking of all the hours I was about to waste sitting there waiting for an appropriate time to drag Kerrie away. Ok, as usual, power on regardless. stop blushing! He didn't seem to notice so I pretended that I didn't look. He was also wearing a shirt, which was a little disappointing. His friends carried him off into the garden where I could hear the distinctive and revolting sounds of someone throwing up. It made my stomach feel a little fluttery. But I was still fascinated. When I'd finished I threw the cloth into the sink and hopped down off the counter. He was a senior, like me, and he walked around his room with no shirt on because the air-conditioning in his house was broken. I didn't think it was a bad name, he definitely looked like he could be an Earl. On this side was an artificial lake. I wondered if he noticed. Again, I got a fluttery feeling in my stomach. It was fleeting but it knocked my socks off. It's been an incredibly hectic 3 months which I won't even go into apart from to say I better graduate with a good degree or I want my money back. It's hard for me to know, especially in one shots. I had, in a moment of confusion, accidentally dropped my poor, defenseless iPod into Golden's bowl and the assassin had used the opportunity to slaughter it! This was exactly why nobody should get distracted thinking of old men's health when jogging –strangers tended to start stalking you. I squinted, I could swear he looked like that Michael in my family that was sixth or seventh time removed. And he wasn't getting on my personal space, which could have been seriously detrimental for him. Dang them. I was sulking; I would be the first one to admit it. Sad, I know. I sighed again. he continued cheerfully, returning to his actual topic. It was almost a tradition now that whenever Bryan took me to one of his family gatherings, he would say how 'This time was The time'; however, The Meeting had yet to happen. That kid had never come back. I followed him in and immediately the distinguishable sound of many voices talking at the same time and country music came to me. I smiled back. A few mental freaking out episodes later, we stepped into the pretty backyard –also kept by Mr. Walker–, currently overflowing with faces I didn't know. But I just could not stand family reunions. He found it amusing, if his expression was anything to go by. I looked back and found Bryan safely following us with a smug smirk on his face. Just peachy. Oh, no. Is this a sixth sense of his that I didn't know about? I slapped myself mentally –he was definitely not my sixth or seventh cousin. This was way too embarrassing. It wasn't like I was going to drown it or something. I was her only child, wasn't she supposed to be protective of me and all that jazz? And that's how my eyes landed on Him. He had also waved at me a couple of times as if demanding my attention, but I had skillfully pretended that I had been looking at the spot behind him and totally had not seen him. Determined, I walked to him before my ounce of courage ran out. he asked, mockingly. He lifted his brown eyes to mine eventually –was that satisfaction I saw in his face? Adorable. I mean, not that he had said that this was a date; but we had come to the movies together, alone –that made it a date, right? We weren't sure why. he whispered, lowering his gaze to my lips while he said it. I felt myself burn before leaning back, away from his (tempting) mouth. Oh, sneaky little thing. Right. So, I just nodded and turned all my attention to the movie once again. So, right when we were supposed to, Clay parked in front of my perky, currently empty house and put his car in neutral. Oh, no –we'd already gone over that. That is to say, I glared at the monumental idiot having a laughing seizure and hitting his kitchen counter so hard I was sure he was about to break it. Sometimes, I wondered what happened to being humble and all that. So I jumped from my chair and put the ice cream on his fridge, proceeding to grab the CVS bags and place the junk food on the table. For all intents and purposes, I was guarding the second floor. My eyes wandered around the dark living room, only the TV and a couple of colored lights illuminated the place. She talked, he laughed. But Bryan was right –they were coming this way; so I rearranged my expression into careful nonchalance and rolled my eyes at Bryan. Fantastic. He wasn't even looking at me. No such luck. Only that I didn't like this one. That made me cross, so I directed my gaze to the twinkling stars and purposely ignored Clay. I wasn't some–. He was really, really, not my cousin Michael. Standing up, I brushed off whatever invisible grass I had on my pants. Thankfully, my defective brain didn't have to figure it out; else, it might have just imploded. I corrected. . Gah. :giggles: Be nice to it, okay? I had no patience to do so now, though. ! And that was not much. She was practically the one that raised him, what with their parents' busy schedules and no time for their own offspring. Not that she didn't love the woman that raised her; heck, she was more of a mother to her than her own mother ever was. It was better though, ever since she'd gone off to college three years ago. Still, no matter what, she would protect him as best as she could, she'd promised that to herself the moment she held him in her arms right after he was born. Now that he was living on his own, he could use some company. She heard the door open and after seeing Chris had made himself comfortable in the big seat, she decided to voice her worries. He shook his head slightly, banishing the depressing thoughts before they got strong enough and overwhelmed him and then leaned forward to his sister kissing her cheek while still holding the smile plastered on his face. Behind it he noticed a person, but couldn't tell the features since the sunlight pouring in from the large windows made it impossible to see. Chris was a bit startled by such a girly reaction coming from his sister and wondered briefly what made her act so. His lithe, athletic body looked as if it were carved from marble with utmost precision and care making him painfully handsome. Glaring at the man, he decided that he'd keep an eye on him while they were here. And he had all the right in this world to be wary of the man that would do the said preying. ! He wasn't a kid anymore! Everywhere around it there were trees that reached the high ceiling of the room, plants of all sorts and even the floor was covered with grass making it look and feel more natural for all the animals that were kept there. The cages had no bars, just glass that sheltered both the customers from the animals and the animals from curious customers. There were parrots of all kinds—those that talk and those that sing. Seeing the rustling of a small bush inside of it, he came closer to it, trying to see what was inside it. What surprised him, however, was that it didn't have that usual dark blue sheen but rather one that reminded him of the deepest red wine his father kept so possessively in his wine cellar. First from left to right then it turned and again did the same thing just this time from right to left. It rubbed its head on Chris' chin, nuzzling that small part of skin where the jaw and his left ear meet. It moved away from his face and cocked its head to one side watching Christian intently, as if waiting for his reaction to its animalistic greeting. He mentally laughed at that, calling himself every kind of fool for reacting that way. He thought she brought him there only to calm him down, but he was completely caught off guard as Lucas explained him that 'miss Claire told us she'd be bringing her little brother for some pet shopping'. But according to Lucas he was indeed an unusual feline, so it sort of evened out. He even licked her fingers. He actually liked the thought that it would only respond to him and only him, as Lucas led him to believe. Even if it was just a cat. He was always such a pushover; even when he needs help he doesn't ask for it. Just after he made the first few steps, he heard his sister call out. He thought, while trying to regain composure and at the same time keep his balance. ! He spat out the last word, as if it were pure acid. He started laughing hysterically. Those were tears of helplessness, anger, disappointment…even hate. The cat climbed even further in his arms, nuzzling his neck, occasionally giving it an affectionate lick. He chastised himself inwardly. After a couple of moments under the cold spray of water, he added the hot water until it was warm enough to make him drowsy. He felt the hot liquid rolling down his cheeks and tried to convince himself that it was only the water spray from the shower. He burrowed his head deeper in the pillow, squirming and trying to find a position that was most comfortable for sleeping in the slightly chilly nights of the newly arrived spring. The only thing that gave away its nervous state was its tail, swishing madly back and forth. ! Those scars would heal, but why not avoid it if he could was what he thought when he went to catch the cat. That was the first time in quite a while that Chris fell asleep so easily, not even noticing when the darkness engulfed him. He stirred in his sleep, not wanting to actually get up, trying to shake the heat off. What the hell--? Still, it was enough to give him quite a view of the toned, firm chest in front of him. He certainly hoped the man's personality wasn't as rotten. I should be trying to get away from here! Looking more intently at the man's face he felt his breath catch; he was devastatingly handsome. But there was something…this air about him that made him look dangerously attractive. Unthinkingly, he traced the slightly fuller lower lip with his forefinger; gently, tenderly as if he were touching a frail piece of art. He snuggled into the heat that came from the boy, seeming to relax even more. Those two orbs seemed to have enchanted him, as he was speechless and his mind a complete blank. It was strangely inviting, warm like fire, just even darker, warmer. Still not saying anything, he lowered himself until he was face to face with Chris, their lips almost touching. He felt jolts of pleasure run through him as those big, warm palms moved gently against his bare chest. Not that he'd had that many in the first place, but still…This kiss was the type that would've turned his legs in a big mass of putty were he standing. The boy he was, the man he would hopefully become. His kiss-swollen lips were slightly parted as he panted, trying to recover from the hot, passionate kiss. Suddenly, he bit Chris' exposed throat, gently, marking that white flesh and then lapping at the mark, soothing the pain. He felt his member twitch the moment that hot mouth enclosed around one pert nipple. Chris gulped audibly, licking his lips absent-mindedly in anticipation. His hips buckled uncontrollably as the man continued stroking him. Really good. Chris swore in his mind. Snaking his hand around Chris's leaking member, he gave a couple of more hard thrusts that were in rhythm with the strokes before he felt Chris' hot seed spill all over his hand. He smiled at the dazed face before he leaned in to kiss him senseless. For a brief moment he thought that what happened must have been just a dream his dirty little mind conjured up. It was a pleasant pain, however and one that made him feel strangely satisfied; as if a long lost part of him was retrieved making him finally whole. He didn't need to look down to find out what that was. Or, if it were those fag-hags in his school, they'd call it 'mad hot gay sex' or something like that. Even if it was a complete stranger that only wanted him as a casual fuck. He fucked him raw without the slightest feeling of guilt or compassion. He wanted so much more from this stranger; even though he knew he would never get anything more than just those few hours of bliss. Terrified to admit it already had a name and the one he knew very well; the one he wanted ever since he could remember. It would hiss at anyone that would approach him; male or female, young or old. Though he did suggest that Chris should probably re-educate him, if possible. After all, it was Chris who needed the cat, not the other way around. A pathetic existence, if you asked him. He decided he should speak, and carefully, trying hard not to sound bitter. Even if it was his cat, he didn't mind it if it was so friendly with other people around it. Chris understood that. She did call each day, but still…that couldn't compare with her being there, next to him. Chuckling at the spoiled little creature, Chris started petting it when a sudden thought came to him. But, whenever the stranger came, it was as if the cat disappeared from the face of the earth. ! He opened his eyes just a crack so he could see what was going on. Its head suddenly became that of a human's; one he knew rather well. Well, a cat in general. The smaller male moaned in his mouth, unable to suppress the desire that coiled in him just from that simple thing; a kiss. Every emotion they had for each other they shared through their last bonding. You c-can't…don't…cry. And it all made sense now; the inexplicable behaviour of the blasted feline, how Max entered his apartment each night without making so much as a sound…It all fit. Had to get away from him; away from Chris. His skin…soft black fur with the tint of bloody red appeared on it, in a form of small patches that continuously grew. And there was nothing he could do. Suddenly the cat was becoming lighter and lighter; almost weightless. To replace him. They weren't him. He couldn't wait anymore. Not while his own heart is so dead, lifeless. So he told him Max's story. Throughout the time, the woman was reborn along with her brother and each time she cursed him, strengthening the original curse. ' Lucas said), he still felt the weight of guilt crushing his heart, torturing his wounded soul. By all their records, if Max's love was fulfilled and his lover felt the same way, the curse should have been lifted. The reason was that she smelled like him; from all of their contact, there would always be a lingering trace of Chris' scent on her, something a cat's keen sense of smell could easily detect. He didn't want to see anyone; he wanted to be left alone. Chris's mind screamed as he covered his ears with both hands, trying to subdue the noise. ' at the impertinent visitor. I hope you enjoyed this short story and if you did, tell me so in a review ;) Oh and this one is definitely a one-shot. ) You can call me Juls. ) (But Dad doesn't do that anymore. ) They have two kids, T. Rob and Josette. I think you get the idea. If my student ID hadn't fallen out of my pocket. (I failed one year. What sane person does that"? ". . ". Friends call me Juls. I said, leaving. . Mother would not approve. And if she focussed on other things she could barely hear it anyway. She was a snob and Trista would only see her again when someone new wanted to try their hand at 'fixing' her. Sometimes her kids would even help. When Gina got going there was no stopping her. There was never any suggestion that she was like that because she'd just lost her parents a mere year and a half earlier. To pass the time she began to bug Jenna/Jenny. She announced. The passenger side door popped open and a woman stepped out. Her eyes were friendly, dark blue, and her skin, although not lacking a few wrinkles here and there, was clear and soft. So that was her name. This could be her chance to stop moving around all the time. She stared them both in the eyes and waited for them to say something. If Trista wasn't so nervous about this new arrangement she probably would have laughed. All her more personal items were stored there and she felt better when they were within arms reach. The Tetherlands climbed in after her, waved goodbye to Jenna, and then they were on their way. So Bryant babbled on. It was an older house, with a wrap-around veranda, large bay windows and peeling purple paint with white shutters on the windows. He gloated about their new in-ground pool for a bit, told her where the key to the gate was, and then took her around the house to show her the kennel. Two were large dogs, a German Shepard and a Doberman, but the other two were a pair of stupidly tiny Chihuahua's. She'd had a cat when her parents were alive. One of its eyes was missing, with only a closed lid and a long scar where the organ should be. Trista smiled at the dog as well and scratched his ears. But when they opened the door there was only a narrow flight of stairs leading up. Trista nearly gasped out loud when she saw it. The room was gorgeous and completely enormous! It was tastefully done in greens, which impressed her greatly. And she really meant it too. She could hear her speaking animatedly to whomever was on the other line. She did, however, understand the outburst that came after Meg's statement. She felt really guilty that she wasn't helping, but neither of the Tetherlands seemed to mind. She shut everyone out so this next meeting was really starting to make her nervous. How well would he accept her? How bad could their son possibly be? . Well I'll tell you where. Clue! I'm just in one horrible mess. Or that I'm some type freak in the bedroom and I went home with some random guy from a club. I don't know what exactly happened after that because I was out cold soon after. Something circular. The area around me doesn't seem to be that big. Oh yeah, said father is a stepfather, I have no clue who my real father is. I don't think I could survive if I was put through that type of life. A lot of hours, I'll tell you that. Whatever and where ever this place happens to be. everywhere. The sound of something crashing has me cringing thinking how much pain could come my way. His fists just won't stop! The voice wasn't as deep and didn't have a husky sound to it like the first voice. I can't crawl into a ball even if I wanted to since I was still hog tied. aaaah brain turn off. He has never liked me. Shit! Yeah that would require luck on my side and I seem to have run out of that a long time ago. I whisper in a pathetic way. I guess it's time for a padded room. But I don't want to cause problem with them so I will do what they wish. Very sorry. So she looked like she was eating alone. So it wasn't like she was really alone. And if they did, they certainly didn't talk to girls like Nila Shumaker. The silence was stretching on for an uncomfortably long time. Maybe he needed to get away from his friends and knew that sitting with a loner was a perfect way for other girls to think he was sweet. Nila wasn't about to try to change that. Yes, that was it. Boys who read Starship Troopers and… and were on the debate team! Who was nominated and won Student Council President every year since seventh grade. But Nila was pretty sure she couldn't call it that, especially after she was sure that she looked close to passing out. Intelligent. Anything other than the stupid stuttering. No… did she really just say that? He continued. School had just started. Out loud? Nila stiffened. He threw her trash on the table, grabbed her books in one arm, and used his free arm to grab her hand. Her hand. Still grasped. But she just… couldn't. She wanted to run away, but Brice only clutched her hand tighter. For some reason, she couldn't help but relax. She started to move back, but Brice shook his head. He shook his head. And suddenly, Nila had to rack her brain for any potentially nasty comments she'd made about Brice during football games. She'd wanted him to object a little more than that. She felt safe. He brushed his lips against hers. I want to hear it all! either way, it is what it is. i do have an interview i did with these characters, i'll be posting that in a few days, as i did with Pony and all that there. Not like the boys down the street, big boys already in school who never looked like they'd want to play. It was open slightly, letting in warm summer air, and I put Jaydee and the frog on the green-painted wood. Four of the dead bird, two from a one-eyed cat I'd seen in a window sometime last week, a few dead squirrels, an empty condom wrapper floating in a restaurant toilet, and various other odds and ends I'd needed photographic evidence of at the time. The last one was there because I planned to check it out later. Unlike a lot of the kids I've seen dressed such, his skin wasn't pale and untouched by the sun, but lightly kissed with a tan--there was a scar just above his right eye, a white slash against darker flesh, but I didn't look at him very long before returning to my note taking. Actually, all it might take is a threat not to answer the phones when she's working. He didn't carry anything. He returned to that twice. The precise way he lit up fascinated me, and when he noticed my attention, he raised his eyebrows and mutely offered me the cigarette. Maybe. I watched him then choose a piece from the middle of the line, chipped black nails working at the wrapper with anal concentration of removing it without tearing. I love it when that happens. It drew my eyes time and again, until I was forced to jot a note about it. To be nervous? I studied castles a few years ago. His smile, though, showed teeth in an easy grin, as if someone had told a joke just before the flash went off. I watched him smoke some, forgetting to take notes due to my fascination with the way smoke curled from his nose when he released it, his ease and methodical way of going about it. Tentative movement of tongues, and a painful thrill of exhilaration tightened my heartbeat into a fluttery pulse. Before he could repeat the process, I solved the problem by leaning in for another kiss, which he took, no wasted time on closed mouth fumblings as we went straight to the part that sent crackles down the back of my neck. When his picture came up on the screen, he grabbed the camera and dragged it down closer to him, staring intently at it. What I wanted was different than what he wanted, I knew that, but it didn't matter. A much older, graying version of Buddha. We were alone in the house, had been since I got there early, and his ease assured me we'd be alone for a long while yet. So, when I'd seen the man, I got that photo from a box of things and put it into the coffin once it was in the viewing room, feeling like it ought to be there. And as soon as he knew I'd realized the deal being made, he grinned sharply and with more spine, moving now with confidence. The bell sounded a second time, and I stood, taking a moment to memorize the faces in the line of the men who dug the hole before I went for the door. An older woman, maybe old enough for a kid in high school--all that was visible of her was her neck up, dark brown hair already braided back. I don't know people all that well, but some things even someone like me can figure out, and I figure Buddha intimately knows that fragility of the flesh. Dark eyes on mine, not happy but content, almost amused as he pulled away and lay against my pillow, staring at me as I snapped off another picture of him. We never lost touch though, not once. This one sent my stomach spinning off somewhere, my breath a bit sharp when he pulled away, watching me watch him. 25. Well it's true. Enjoy the rest of your Monday, and thank you for you interest! Again, they don't belong to me. And with so much time on his hands, his thoughts began to wander to unexplored territory. But now he was back and he planned to be back for a while. People couldn't hear him, people couldn't see him, and people couldn't feel him. He took it rather hard when it was found out he had died. He went to his funeral, went to popular New York attractions at one o'clock in the morning when people were sleeping and places were closed, and he just got back from a trip where he visited some of the places he really wanted to go to. Now he was permanently thirty-eight with all the time in the world and no one to share it with. The feeling was exhilarating and freeing, and it didn't hurt that hitting the pavement was painless. Hell, he couldn't touch anything, really, except the clothes he wore, anything that had to do with himself. She hadn't even turned around, but she had heard him. Normally, he might have considered the notion of finding one person he didn't even get a good look at impossible, but he had encountered a lot of impossibilities that were somehow… possible. She knew not all New Yorkers were in a rush to get somewhere at the same time, but that seemed to be the case most of the time and every time she would stop in the middle of the sidewalk, people would run into her, and said people had no problem throwing out insults in her direction before returning to their important conversations on their cell phones. No matter what she did, Lara could not make any sort of connection with her. Lara wanted to be an editor, and what better place to be an editor than in New York City? Didn't he know that something like this was going to occur on such a busy sidewalk? Wasn't that how it always was? She needed to get her act together if she wanted to ace this interview, and that meant no distractions. Her dark brown hair shone in the soft lighting in the church and as she continued walking, her smile captured the essence of a thousand laughs. They looked so in-love and a small part of me wondered what that felt like. I turned around in the direction where I thought that person might be but all I saw was the back of a man's head. I'm a sucker for a cute three-year old. Or catch fire, I thought to myself longingly. Although I can't see why; he can be a real jerk sometimes. Which makes heart-shaped confetti and cupids' arrows pretty much mandatory. It was as I thought this that once again, I felt someone's eyes on my back. I am not one to wallow in self-pity. If I ever get my hands on Cupid, he will have some major explaining to do. So…I hope it's not totally crap. Not this chapter, at least. He wouldn't, is the correct answer. The basis of my attraction to people is that I notice they're into me. Suddenly, I'm drawn to that guy like a, a fucking magnet. It's never much of a chase. it just hasn't happened, yet. I would see him holding his breath when Mrs. Lane assigned partners, and I was hoping that he was hoping our names would be called together. So I take her seat. I amend quickly, looking at the destroyed pencil in his hand. I don't want to stop touching it, but I look at Ely and I can tell he's about to have a fucking conniption fit. Not that it isn't already obvious that he's into me, considering he's thisclose to hyperventilating right now. He's either doing a really crap job at being a coherent and functional human being, or he's doing a rather smashing impression of a tomato. He doesn't seem to mind, or even really notice. So I turn to Mrs. Lane's lecture on logarithms. After fifteen minutes, I know the only thing I'll be able to register for the rest of class will be Ely's presence next to me. I let my fingers tangle with his briefly when he hands me the note. The new note says. that I can't really put into words. I mean, I wrote it, and I have no idea why I didn't give it to him then, why I shoved it in my back pocket instead. Their entire conversation draws to a halt. Possibly, he had been all day. I walk over slowly. I weigh my options; flirt with the idea of wordlessly dropping the last note onto his pile before walking away. I'm sure he'd be thrilled. I just don't like thinking about it, because I'm pretty sure I made an idiot out of myself next to him, I was stuttering and mumbling and I don't need to remind myself of that. Ely practically choked on his own tongue saying yes. but I couldn't think of any other decent way to get Hunter to say what he wanted to in a sufficiently Hunter-esque way. Please? My best friend nagged me over the phone. Especially Anna, and especially about this subject; It had been just over a year since my accident with street racing, and in that year I hadn't attended a street race ever since. After all I wasn't planning on impressing anyone. I sighed at the sight. I heard various voices speaking and questioning. I had no idea. Yet a small part of me that held my fear of racing was too strong, and decided to take over. He surprised me by turning around, a bit unsure of himself. I knew Jack would have gotten Caden to put all the best into his car. Out of the three stooges, Alec was my favorite. Either way, he pulled it off. I was heading out of the door to start walking home, when I ran into the one and only Jack Hale who had Gemma Dickinson—the school slut—hanging off him. This only angered Gemma and myself. He finished his big speech with a deep sigh. Yeah that was it. But I've never been one to really wear make up –except for gloss- because this one time I wore this tiny bit of slightly-darker-than-my-skin-shade eye shadow, and the most popular boy in class pointed it out to everyone. It's totally humiliated and scarred me for life, and all the girls in our class that already wore make up – came up and started giving me tips. And not him. Or for Angelina Jolie. But even though he's my first choice; I'm obviously his second. He follows me so closely that if I stop, he'll run right into me. that is unless it's just a trick of the ear, and my imaginations running wild and putting my own personal desires into reality. He looks hot, even, with his hair so blonde unlike his brother's almost black brown, and eyes so bright of a blue against his brother's dark evening blue. More of a scowl. Cohen is staring into space, with this faintly amused smile on his face. His hand is warm on mine as he leads me, stepping backwards and still facing me, out onto the dance floor just as Candy Girl starts. Because personally, some of those girls don't even know what they're doing. All I know is that I'm swaying my hips to the max and getting closer to him every single second, and that's not how I planned it. Although it's not very good, in this situation. But as soon as it stops I shoot back up and step away, Cohen laughing quietly behind me as I turn, red-faced, to look at him. Quinton. But it's too late, he's closing in on me, and his stare is death itself. Perfect timing really. Just a little? I can dance, and sexy dance, with whoever I like. Because it's getting kind of awkward around here. Best friends just don't do that. I still do want him, and I still do love him, too. Stupid, stupid Quinn. Oh crap. She's going to totally kill me if she walks out and spies it's hand gone. Especially when, if the water weren't blurring the view for him, he could totally see my underwear now that the majority of my dress is transparent. But he does speak. As if I'd ever want to go on a swing with him again, let alone now. I mean why would he want to go with me instead of Annie? before my face is yanked from my ears and up, and as soon as my eyes flutter open in shock, my heart bursts into song – he kisses me full on the lips. My hands shoot to his hair, and they weave through it, and as I'm doing this he pulls me into his arms as I'm dangerously being pressed into nothing over the other side of the swing. His face comes real close to mine all over again, and I feel resulting tingles regarding our before kiss. Just a little. He opens his eyes, and looks at me cross-eyed. Looking at my redness, and noticing the way I stiffen in his arms as he says it, he rolls his eyes and pouts adorably at me. I'll probably update before I go (in fact I'm going to update my cliché oneshots with a maid of honour/groom runaway story) but STILL! So lucks! Her eyes were unusually green, and they were glistening with anticipation. He was short and a little gangly, but his charisma was so powerful that he quickly became the life of the conversation in any group of people he was with. But she was wrong. That was one thing that always out-did Tom over all the other boys, was his smile that could lift her off her feet, even when she was feeling the heaviest of burdens. She had to bite her lower lip in order to refrain from becoming giddy with excitement. She'd tell him that he was acting like her mother, but in actuality she always thought it was cute that he cared about her. They wouldn't have stopped more than once on the way there, so what could possibly be taking so long? Hank removed his hand from his face and looked up at her, tears spilling out of his eyes. And it would be the last time that she wept, and the last time that she loved, until her life unexpectedly changed. Reaching into the front pocket of her smallest bag, she pulled out a folded piece of paper that she opened up. Shrugging off her thoughts, she picked up her bags and headed towards the twelve-story brown building, where a new life would await her. Now all she wanted to do was to go inside and flop down on her new bed. She was going to get to deal with a boyfriend being there all the time. Alex only stood there with her hands on her hips, waiting for her new busty roommate to respond. But no matter, Alex was certain that he was just like all of the pretty-haired, perfect-body boys that she knew in high school…a fourteen karat jerk. Her tube-top shirt was so low that Alex swore if the poor girl jumped a bit too high, her breasts might fly out and smack someone in the face. He figured she was crazy though, finding such a thing as him stating his roommate's name humorous. Well, except that he probably would have been too lazy and inconsiderate to do so, but all the same. She really needed to lay off of the makeup. and that was not a good thing. He thought it was funny when I tripped over my two feet to get away from him and he had assumed that my blush was from our close proximity. It means  and is, sufficient to say, an incredible icebreaker. I tried shielding that fact by inhaling through my nose and concentrating on the movie playing. But I thought he was great. He stood before me and held out a hand, which I considered a chivalrous act that no other boy in eighth grade would do. My heart was pounding like a drumbeat in one of Shakira's music videos. I thought all was going well until Seth immediately pulled back, his eyes wide. I frantically called, shaking his comatose body. she wants to know. She's uptight and believes that music will distract her and cause a car accident. Seth never flaunted his smarts, I think unconsciously but then I internally smack myself. Once I've located him, my mouth drops a bit. As if he realizes my struggle, he turns away to make our drinks. His brown eyes meet mine. He smirks. I remember in seventh grade World History he told me he had a birthmark on his hipbone the shape of New Jersey. I push it towards her. I read her reply with finesse before nodding and slipping a piece of gum into my mouth. So stupid. He scribbles for over a minute and then he folds it carefully into a flower. P.S. Call me when you get home. But because I was in a hurry to come back, I spent my summer vacations in the classroom. He basically lived with us since his roommate was disturbed by his sexual orientation, and by the next year we all bought an apartment together. The Men's Health magazine. I soaked in his perfection for a second and then flew out of the room. And I liked it that way. What if he's seeing someone new, do I still apologize? Keira ran over a couple people, almost knocking some over and threw her arms around me. I treat him like my son, seriously, he's adorable. Many cars were parked around the lavish courtyard, and the sounds of people chatting and glasses clinking were heard from inside. So I just thanked him and did the same. I was standing in the middle of the Titanic of houses, Matt and Chelsea were certainly lucky. I'm assuming that's a room. There was nothing I didn't like, which shocked me because Chelsea and I have such different tastes. Remember I said how people change? A little shorter than what I would normally go for, especially in January, but still, I forgot how Keira always came in handy. I was frozen. so if you hate, then don't waste your time reviewing, mmkay? Once again, I don't own Princeton or Men's Health. And maybe if you had tried, and you were almost to the surface, reaching all things light and heavenly, only to be pushed back down into the abyss. I was left alone, eating my animal crackers by myself until Chris flew in and stole those, too; but not before tugging on one of my dark-brown pigtails and cackling away. One day when the sixth graders were running a five-mile marathon, I never completed it. Of course, when I came in the next day with an inhaler in my pocket, he just sneered and laughed, and I knew, then and there, that it was only going to get a lot worse. It pushed me deeper into the dark and swallowed the happiness that I had, and the only person who could make me feel better was my mother and my dancing friend, Allison; a sandy blonde, hazel eyed jock who went to a different school entirely. It was my only escape from the boy that had flipped my world inside out, and I was softly swimming on the surface here, floating on my back and looking up at the sun from a dark, murky place. Looking down from my bedroom window, I could see a group of men holding guns, shooting at the house next to us. Paramedics were strolling a stretcher out of the front door, and after they had piled the body into the ambulance, my grandfather had rushed into the house and welcomed me with open arms, telling me that everything was going to be okay. After a second or two of silence, after Chris and his posse had shouted insults and boos in my direction, I ran off the stage. What people didn't know was that I was always hiding the fact that something was wrong, and acting as if everything was okay. We spent our time decorating our beautiful apartment and listening to music on the tiny portable radio she had put on the table, and to this day, I was still quite shocked to hear his voice come out of it, as if haunting me. And I vowed, then and there, that nothing could go wrong. He didn't turn to look at me, but instead ran his fingers through tousled salt-and-pepper hair, revealing the beginnings of male pattern baldness. If I hadn't been filthy rich already, I'd be worried for my future. Joy. The name itself made me want to spit. And Gina soaked up the attention like a big-boobed sponge. And I confirmed this knowledge two months ago when I found those world renowned, pumped-up lips pleasuring a United States senator. Before my story was in print, they had memory cards full of photographic evidence of Miss Bell's sexual expedition. I was the  according to them, and found myself in court up to my neck in trespassing offenses. Artsy lover-boy or not, she would fall from dignity. I tend to hold grudges. As if on cue, my Motorolla Razr began cranking out the ringer specific to my publisher. A new plot twist had appeared out of no where, leading me to an additional hundred pages or some before I was ready to wrap up. I'm working on the sixth. Anyway, I managed to write it…with a twist. It's all happening in April. You know, all those things that make slash yummy. Good. And fast. On his ears were headphones big enough to cover his ears but small enough so they would not attract too much attention. It was usually done at the beginning of each school year, meaning that even his summer uniform is the same size as his autumn, winter and spring ones. Using the person that annoyed him, of course. Kyle frowned at his own thoughts. Shaking his head and clearing his mind from those absurd thoughts Kyle came closer, stood right in front of the boy and cleared his throat. ' he thought. Cause, his desire to fuck the boy aside, they were each other's bane's of existence. Kyle thought meeting the boys gaze. In reality, it didn't help all that much. He knew that look on his face and that tone of his voice all too well and it always spelled trouble. Smirking tauntingly at the boy's reaction, Kyle cocked his face imitating the move he previously made and spoke in a pleased voice. Kyle has always been the man-of-the-moment type of guy and he wasn't about to change just 'cause there was this jackass who liked to train his boxing skills on him. Later though…He shuddered at the thought. Feeling the fist connect with his face, he couldn't help but crash to the floor. Well that just makes us even now. Did he suddenly sprout conscience? Wiping his bloody lip with his left hand he spoke teasingly, inching closer to his schoolmate. Or well, most of them. I'm really gonna get an ass whooping today. He was the one they concentrated all of their frustrations on since he was and is the only one that ever dared punch back. And that was highly unlikely seeing how school let out some hour or so ago. They too were slouched a bit, gasping for breath. This was by far the worst beating he'd ever gotten from Seth's posse. . His vision swam and his consciousness was slowly slipping away as he promised himself that he'd beat that guy half to death for this sucker punch. He remembered something about a fight and…Ah yes…he fainted. Is this the void between heaven and hell? And it feels so damn good laying here, sleeping. Gently, tentatively it touched his cheek—as if afraid to hurt him more than he already was. . This hand…its owner had a very earthy, masculine scent…it reminded him of something, someone, but he just couldn't place it. A mirage. He stirred a bit trying to get away from that dangerous heat. Like there was something he should know or maybe just recognize. For which Seth was the mastermind. ' he inquired menacingly). Or even the next decade for that matter. Yep, he was just shocked by such display of—as unbelievable as it was—kindness, nothing more. He was a bastard, a son of a bitch who made the last couple of years a living hell for Kyle. At least nothing he couldn't handle. So why? Now the only things left for him to do were to make that little voice shut the fuck up and the boy to leave him the fuck alone. He smiled at them hoping to ease at least a bit of tension that suddenly fell upon them. They were their mascot couple of sorts. Or at least that's what his dad still believed. Those were all the things of the past, though, since all of them started to change after joining this little 'support group'. Or at least he dared hope. Looking Kyle in his eyes, the boy smirked mischievously. He told them he understood it and ended it there, knowing nothing more needed to be said. And for Kyle to once again pick himself up and come back to them. Not once stopping or turning back to look at Kyle, he walked out of the canteen and back to the rest of the group. He was trying with all of his might not to shiver as he felt Seth make slow circles on his skin. ! He was just simply annoyed with the guy's mere existence. He never dared tell them that he was actually the one that designed it. That was coming from the boy he wanted to fuck so badly that it physically hurt. ! When she was happy. Was there some point in time where he was actually harassed that he didn't notice? He figured that when those jocks lost their pack leader, they simply lost the drive. Hmph. To make him soften up by acting all goody-goody and that way not expect a trap…? Without even noticing, he started running in the direction of the meeting place, his umbrella thrown away and long forgotten somewhere behind him. Maybe anger for being played for a fool? Of course I'm not sad. ! . I ain't got no tits down there! Is he staring at my lips? I want him bad. Seth smiled into the kiss at the obvious display of pleasure. He wanted to feel the boy more but he couldn't break this spell he'd been caught in either. Somehow he seemed way too strong right now and was in a strange way shamelessly demanding. At one point Kyle even chuckled in his mouth at the obvious urgency Seth showed through their kiss. Though in the long run that might be more dangerous than he'd like to admit. At the sudden movement, Kyle broke the kiss as he threw his head back slightly and moaned deep in his throat. He gave up on his tries once he realized Seth was not letting him move; seeing that, Kyle relaxed against the wanton body that was flush against his and let the boy swallow his moans instead of voicing them out. Seth jerked in surprise from the sudden jolt of pain only to witness what was probably the most erotic scene in his all seventeen years of life. The next thing Seth felt were two strong hands gripping his shoulders as he felt one of Kyle's legs worm it's way around his own leg, bringing him closer and making him unable to move away. He lowered his head on Kyle's shoulder and in doing so unwittingly gave him a new way of slowly torturing him. They were actually going to go through with it. He took his chin gently with his left hand, raising it up. He bit on Kyle's lips, chin, traced his jaw with his teeth only to lick down his neck and to the part of skin where the shoulder and neck met, trying hard not to rip away the soaked through clothes that were utterly in the way. He bit hard on Kyle's shoulder, marking him; claiming him. I can—I can feel his—Oh good lord! Kyle looked him deep in the eyes, smirked and rocked his hips without so much as a warning. Kyle readjusted himself so he was now looming over Seth; he placed both of his palms on either side of Seth's head and slowly lowered himself closer to those alluring lips, not once disrupting the rhythm of his hips, making Seth bite back a moan. Before he could even think to stop himself, he covered that small, temptingly pink nipple with his mouth, sucking on it ever so gently. Except for how he wanted the boy under him. Kyle thought, his eyes locked on Seth. Though he never registered that, considering that Kyle was hiding it behind a roughly two sizes bigger uniform. Seth thought, for a moment forgetting about his find. Gulping slightly, he became bolder as he moved his palm up and down, rubbing the pierced nub so lightly that Kyle shivered at the touch. It was the first time he'd felt that way. Breaking the kiss suddenly, Kyle smirked down at him and gave him a peck on the lips before sliding all the way down to his painfully big erection. He closed his eyes, feeling the tight heat slowly move up and down. He started pumping him with one hand, using his wicked tongue to tease his aching cock, licking it every now and then and slowly moved his other hand to gently squeeze his sack, rolling it playfully in his hand. The look was fast gone and was replaced with hot desire as he started thrusting his finger in and out, changing pace occasionally. He felt a bit scarred and angry at the realization, but couldn't help the thought that came crashing down at him like a tidal wave. It wasn't unbearably painful and Seth was no wuss either, but it did hurt. The moment he felt Kyle's fingers move, he did shout out. He felt his heart clench as he bit his lower lip, trying to remain calm, keeping his fingers still inside of Seth, but not moving them. ! He twirled them, searching for that pleasure spot, determined to, from now on, only give him pleasure. For a moment he thought that it was Kyle's revenge for the same situation earlier, when their roles were reversed. Kyle broke the kiss as he pulled his fingers out, making Seth growl in frustration at the loss of both sensations. '. Still, he couldn't walk away from him. He would kill him if he did something like that. He bit so hard, that Seth's eyes shot open. Then he noticed Kyle wasn't moving. He placed a tender kiss on his slightly parted lips, which Seth accepted eagerly, deepening it. He slumped on him, pulling him into a tight hug, not wanting to move from the warmth that was Seth. Not yet, anyway. I hope you enjoyed it at least a bit? It means a lot, y'see. It's how it's always been. Staying here is my preferred thing because I live quite a bit away from here and the travel every day would just piss me off to no end. Enough about me, so let's move on to the next person. From what I've observed he's slept with girls ranging from ages of about 15 to around 18. Derek and him are like two pees in a pod and they share everything with each other from what I can tell. I've got to give him credit for that. This girl is called Ashley and I don't plan on talking about that whore at any point. Plus he was pretty pissed with his brother after he broke my heart. I met Zac through his sister Aleah who is the most innocent girl you will ever meet. She's 5ft6, aged 15 like me and is currently all cuddled up cosy with Tom across the table from me. And I sure as hell aint going to attempt to find out. Oh, I am going to have fun here. When she said 'glove' she meant condom but was too sweet to say it out loud. Heck, I even had Derek in stitches and he's a hard one to crack but Alexander is not a happy bunny. I kiss his cheek before pulling back and walking back over to my seat. Nothing serious though. (Please do note the sarcasm that is just dripping from that short statement. They stared discreetly – or not so discreetly – at him during lunch; they twittered amongst themselves and ogled and giggled during his basketball practice sessions; in class, the lucky one whom he was sitting next to would lend him pencils regardless of whether he needed them or not – just so she could have his fingerprints on some object of hers. But really, once you witnessed the rabid sea of girls constantly on the prowl for someone who they deemed a 'suitable man' for them, you'd have known exactly what I meant. Figure – NONE. That was satisfying enough for me. I sighed again and rested my chin in my palm, leaning my elbow against the table. Back in eighth grade, when I hadn't held a boy's hand yet, she'd filled me in on all her escapades. Alyssa would be oblivious as to who I was crushing on at the moment, but would always seem to get together with that very guy, while I bore it and contented myself with looking morose whenever they pranced around holding hands or slipped off to make out in some obscure corner – or didn't even bother slipping off at all. I'd forget them, all for her. I didn't care – Lyss was my best friend, and that was that. I just had to give it time. Grabbing a change of clothes, I shot into the bathroom, changed in record speed, and was out again in a matter of seconds and staring apprehensively at the stairs I was about to descend down. ) and toss my clothes in, then zoom down the stairs and join my best friend and her boyfriend on the couch before they noticed I had even appeared. Okay, it was really annoying. She continued on with her explanation. I was pondering this when he stepped closer and motioned with his arms. Said a voice (with a distinctly British accent) from the desk next to mine. Who isn't? ), then I might've fallen for it. She just stood there, playing with one of her red locks of hair, staring at her feet. I'd accepted that I couldn't compare, and I'd been happy for my friend – now I was just confused. And a bit bothering, I must admit. And fidgeted. Hopelessly. I hope you guys liked it. They're supposed to be. I just haven't gotten around to it. Who knows? If you give me a suggestion that I use, I'll write you something, if you like. Also, the rating is for possible later chapters, as well as language and delightful inneuendo. He ran a hand through short tawny hair, ruining the attempts he'd made earlier to have it look anything less than haphazard. It wasn't until she'd shoved a CD into the player and gotten to the track she wanted that she finally responded verbally. They were just too dissimilar, though it was hard to tell from the outside, with the popularity both siblings had, as well as the number of friends they shared. And Addison… Addison had his own relationship issues. The moment he'd come to a stop, Danielle was jumping out of the jeep, making a beeline for her friends and their gossip-filled discussions. Gods, he didn't want to say it but…  he whispered. He wouldn't either, but, fuck, it hurt. Not only impossible, but insane. The few affairs he'd had, had been short lived and discreet, mostly for money or popularity, the right to say they'd slept with Addison, only to be shunned if they even tried to tell another. Meeting had merely made Addison realize just how big of an attraction Tria really was. The day in mid-December had changed everything. Frozen in shock, it had taken several moments for Addison to react, but, when he had, the results had been far more than merely pleasant. Addison had been sure he'd found the perfect lover, the person he wanted to spend the rest of his life with, regardless of the fact that he was a teenager. He'd kept to himself over the weekend, sure that whatever was wrong could be fixed. She obviously could switch just as easily back to the old one. But without it, he felt only hurt, clueless as to what to do now. And now… now it only served to show him he was better off alone. He'd always hated who he had to pretend to be, but with his parents… Addison had never had another choice. And if he didn't… well, she was known for her temper for a reason. She wouldn't let Addison suffer if there was something she could do about it. As it was advanced, it was a smaller class, so there wouldn't be much he could do to avoid Tria if they were in lab, or doing anything that required a partner. Neither idea appealed to Addison. The man quirked a brow at the boy, obviously asking him personally. It was hard sometimes, but they managed, and he hadn't thought anyone knew anything. he asked flatly. He hadn't even known the man was gay. he said quietly. She was Claire's constant 'competition', as the rumor mill told it. Addison didn't much care, but he also didn't want to endure the long 'discussion' that would follow, which would most likely entail them yelling while he listened. He hated lying because the few times he'd done it, it had only led to more of the same, until he'd just come clean and faced the consequences. he said eventually. As the class was in a partnered lab, Tria would have to make it up later, and Addison guessed that he'd done it on purpose. His time was consumed by school and soccer, as Addison did his best to try to stop thinking about Tria. It was a continuous game of cat and mouse, one Addison was losing miserably. He'd ducked out, waiting outside Tria's fifth hour to meet him. he murmured. He hadn't talked to Claire, and didn't intend to tell her about what had happened until tomorrow, though he figured she knew at least part of it by now. The drive to Marie's was short, and, sooner than he liked, Addison was standing before her door, ringing the bell. The ritual round of pictures was taken by Marie's mother, along with a promise to get doubles for his parents, and then they were out the door. His dark eyes widened when he rolled over to see Claire standing in the doorway of his bedroom so suddenly. Gods, he was a fool. He continued to sleep as the figure slid into bed with him, only waking when the cold body pressed against his warm one, cold lips ghosting against the back of his neck. he whispered, wondering what evil thing he'd done in a past life to deserve this, to have the love of his life so close to him, and yet so very far. I won't let you give up everything for me Addie. He leaned forward, pressing their lips together for a moment before he pulled back slightly. Tria whispered against his lips. '. I really want to write about their first kiss and the events at the skate park, for some reason. A multitude of ashes are floating in the air, resembling an eerie snowfall. My eyes are burning, my lungs quickly filling up with the heavy, unforgiving smoke. I shake it off and then use the bottom of my t-shirt to hold the knob and after a few failed attempts, I am able twist it open. My heart races in panic and fear–hopelessness and desperation. Regardless, I need to remain calm and rational because I know that panicking is not going to solve anything. He is still sleeping on his bed, unaware of the devastation that is occurring around him. I can only pray that the doors downstairs aren't blocked by the fire. I have to believe that. He begins coughing fiercely – his crying must have caused him to take in a lot of smoke. We need to get out of here as soon as possible, and that would be a lot easier if he were not thrashing in my arms. Behind me though, my world has just fallen apart. Under normal circumstances I would feel embarrassed to be here like this, but these certainly aren't normal circumstances. I have to try to rescue her–she needs help. he calls to me. I feel a violent sob escape my throat–my body shaking helplessly. I am trembling, withering. They rush out of their vehicles and get to work. I watch as the loud, forceful sprays of water hit the blazing, ruined house. I hold his hand and tell him that everything is going to be okay. Please review :) I would love some feedback on this. It's hard to think when you're rushing your homework for the next period. Curse all those AP classes. I'd recognize that voice anywhere. I rolled my eyes. I have no idea why I'm still friends with him, but I guess you could say I see the side of him the rest of the school doesn't. Nate never keeps girlfriends longer than a month, and it's already been about three weeks. Nate grabbed the pencil from my hand, and in two minutes, he had the answer scribbled out on my paper. Cue the big sigh. They look ready to stab me with their forks, really. Anyone who dares call me Angelica dies at my wrath. I had to resist the urge to laugh as I watched Brenda hurry over to my table excitedly, Courtney trailing behind her. They've been going out for about half a year already. Nate is great, but sometimes I need to hang around with girls, just like he needs to hang around with guys. leave a review and tell me what you think so far! And it was only because of the wonderful tricks he does with his mouth—things not taught in Sex 101, mind you—that I thought I could compel myself to stick around for a while longer, at least until his broody no-one-understands-my-deep-inner-self persona had lost the little charm it had going for it. If you know what I mean. cummings next to me, and dimly recalled, through my liquor-filled recollections of the night before, Kay reading a poem to me by the moonlight coming in from the window. Like I was a six-year-old who dropped her ice cream cone. I guessed that Kay's one night stands didn't often actually make polite conversation before they snuck away on their walk of shame. A curly, red-haired yip-sounding poodle. His parents were fucking paying his tuition! I may or may not have still been dating Kay based on the fact that his dorm had better laundry facilities, and I didn't have to wait half an hour or more to launder my clubbing clothes into spring-smelling freshness like I did at my own humble dwelling. Each time, we had exchanged awkward smiles and nods as I skipped off to my walk of shame. Since I had dutifully renounced flirting with the opposite sex after being bestowed the gift of Kay, I had only the opportunity to joke with my own boyfriend, who had found my imitation of Kanye West so revolting when I had stolen the TV remote from him (he was watching fucking Mad Men) that he told me we just shouldn't bring up popular culture in our conversations anymore. Kay was someone who would make them turn over in their graves. It didn't mean anything. He only hung out with me when he wanted someone to listen to the dull-ass poetry he wrote himself, or when he wanted to  and the fact of the matter was that he only acted melancholy and mysterious to distract people from the fact that if you tried to have an actual conversation with him he was the most self-absorbed, boring person in the entire solar system. And there was no point in getting sweaty and naked if it wasn't even going to be about yourself, am I right? It kinda turned me on. We had been seeing more of each other lately, and the more I got to know Jeremy the less I understood Kay's contempt of him. His one older brother in the army had died three years ago in Baghdad, but he still kept a  sticker on the wall over his bed, which Kay often made fun of. He hated U2 and disingenuous people and, oh yeah, my boyfriend. He was just there as a friend. So don't judge. I'm a sucker for compliments. He really annoys me walking around like life is so tragic when I have more of a reason to than him. A girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do. I dealt with it with as much grace as I could, reminding myself that I was, in fact, encouraging the spread of feminism and independence. I said, seeing the familiar textbooks open on his desk. He thought about all of those adventure stories he had read as a child, about average people like himself being chosen for greatness and going on to have great adventures. Twenty? Twelve days since his uncle Roume had come to his rescue. No normal mother should have been so worried about her son getting a bad case of gas. However two bored eighteen year old boys were always bound to get into trouble. Tony had poured himself a glass of milk, and without even bothering to think about it, James poured himself a glass as well and drank the whole damn thing because fuck their fight and fuck the world. He told himself he would regret it later…he just had no idea how much or why. Not a damn thing. He should have been upset, but he found that he was unable to do anything but lay there and let the slowly receding tendrils of perfect relaxation ebb from the very fabric of every bone and muscle in his body. The relaxation died swiftly and he became aware of his surroundings. Almost a full day went by and much to his chagrin James was begging his mother to go to the hospital. James recognized it as a memento box that his father had given her long ago. He looked down into the box and saw the gold, silver and precious gems inside, fishing around to look for anything in particular. He told her he was strangely feeling somewhat better. His mother stood in the doorway in a panic before fleeing to take the fire extinguisher. He gathered these up in his arms, clutching them to his chest before he fled from the fire in panic and confusion just as his mother raced in to try and extinguish the flames. The rest of his day was spent with insurance forms, making up stories and explaining to the officers why he was naked, as the flames had devoured his clothing. Why she was still married to a man she had not seen in over seventeen years. All of his life James had been 'dormant' in a human guise because all the natural aspects of dragon behavior had been denied to him. Most humans were unable to carry dragon children for their genes were mostly incompatible, and for those few who were compatible they could not survive the pregnancy. James' father had been careful that nobody knew about his son's lineage. It was not every day that someone awoke to discover that they were a dragon, to discover that they had always been a dragon and that their mother was hiding it from them! It was beginning to sink in and he was feeling fear creep into his gut. She had also called Roume who had assured her he would come as soon as he was able. Trees. He made his way out onto the balcony and tried to make sense of his life only to quickly discover that…it was very boring. His mother tried to protest but James just asked what out in the forest would be able to hurt him now. It was the last pleasant thing he remembered before crippling pain gripped him. . Massive wings! . He hardly noticed the day slip by into night, then the morning too crept up on him. After a moment he let out another cry. Something about his aura was overwhelming and powerful and made James lower his head in the same instinct reaction he had called out with before he slowly crawled closer and let out a soft sound. Another deep growl and James found his mind returning, and his body began to shrink. His instincts felt dulled now and he finally cowered away from the figure. Tall and tanned, with a squared jaw and thick stubble, wild black hair, the man was built like a house. He was walked to a large silver Chevy truck and thrown into the passenger seat and told,  Roume ran around to the driver's side and they sped off dangerously fast down very windy roads. He made a sound, a terrified sound, and looked to Roume. His eyes taunted me as he came closer. . Feel free to leave a review, just please don't be too mean. I kicked him again, and he just groaned. We'd been together for months now, but I still hadn't grown used to having him in my bed. I don't know how I managed to last years without him. He positioned me so that my head was resting against his shoulder, and I let my hand rest on his stomach. How long had I believed it was hopeless? He must have been too tired to do anything but comfort. I'd tried to talk him into growing it out, but he was still stubbornly resisting. I would give up everything just to be able to make him laugh. He ran teasing fingers down my sides and pulled off my boxers, tossing them carelessly to the floor beside my bed. He grinned. I whispered, because I couldn't seem to hold the words back. Peter frowned. I was hoping it would draw a close to our conversation. He just wasn't good at playing polite. Jason's eyes went hard, and he turned his gaze firmly to his own bowl of salad. But that didn't keep me from subconsciously clenching my fists under the table, waiting for Mary's response. It broke my heart, to see that look on his face, and it was all I could do not to leap over the table and gather him up in my arms. When we were ready for dessert (my parents could not have a meal without dessert, certainly not when they had guests), I stood up and began clearing away the plates. He carried his own dish, but didn't bother taking anyone else's. He pushed my hand away and turned on the sink, pouring some soap on the sponge. He didn't bother with long sleeves at school anymore, but he still didn't like strangers seeing them. His other hand clutched the counter, his face turning so his lips could catch mine. Where I would have preferred a more gentle comfort, Jason always seemed to feel better with something much less tame. He looked small and terrified, and I very nearly jerked him off the counter and ran away with him. I half-expected him to jerk away, because he was even more afraid of our parents finding out than I was, but he didn't and I found that the feel of his skin against mine calmed me down considerably. I didn't see my preferences as wrong, but they were abnormal and I knew my father liked things to be normal. I'd known I was gay since the moment I laid eyes on Jason and knew I wanted him. Your mother loves you very much, and it would hurt her to think you were purposefully keeping something like this from her. I stared blankly at the empty doorway for a few seconds before walking over to Jason. If he told her and she showed even the slightest sign of disapproval, he would probably sever all ties to her forever. I ran my hands gently up and down over his back as I spoke. He might have liked normal, but he'd never forced his ideals on me. Tourists and residents alike frequent it, and dad is pretty strict about who he'll hire so it's got something of a reputation. The face didn't necessarily indicate trouble – in fact, I could hardly remember the last time I'd been in trouble for anything – but it always preceded a long, often painful conversation. It felt a bit wrong, really, nearly admitting to my father that I'd been sleeping with Jason long before we'd actually started dating. It still felt wrong. He had no idea what lay behind Jason's bitterness towards Mary and my father. I didn't feel guilty for the slight lie because I knew the topic of my discussion with my dad would only give her further ammunition against Jason. And now I had, and Laurie's eyes were sharp and unforgiving. I met his eye and nodded, and managed a small returning smile to the grateful one he sent me before going after Laurie. I waited until we reached my car, where we'd both headed by silent agreement, to speak. I glanced away from the road for a few seconds, but Jase was gazing determinedly out the window. His father would probably explode if he knew we were dating. I said quickly. If Mary shifted too much or even stood up she would see out clasped hands, but I couldn't bring myself to care and apparently Jason felt the same way. Mary's eyes widened momentarily and then, suddenly, she smiled. He cautiously touched her shoulder and her smile evolved into a full-fledged grin. I kissed the top of his head. She and Laurie might have been twins but for the inch or so in height Trisha had on Laurie. He answered groggily on the second ring. It was no contest who I'd choose, but I didn't want to be forced into it. If I didn't do what I felt was right because I was too afraid of losing Jason was I proving all of Laurie's idiotic accusations true? Did I really want to risk losing the closest thing to utopia I was ever likely to find? I wanted Jason and all our arguments and almost-too-far teasing, and the way it felt to hold him in my arms and know that I'm the one that can make him smile and laugh and forget every scar that mars him, body and soul. Jason had never berated me for speaking to her until she'd begun her campaign to destroy our relationship. Jason and his father had a bad habit of leaving the door unlocked. Jase jumped at the noise and stared at me, sitting up and kicking away his sheets. I wrapped my arms around his waist, touching bare skin as he'd slept without a shirt on. I knocked on the door and a small, beaming lady answered, her smile enough like Graham's to prove she was his mother. Michael spotted me first and smiled politely, though his eyes glanced nervously to Laurie. She wasn't a large person really, with her bright orange hair and glittering nose ring, but there was something about her that was just intimidating. I'd decided that the first time I held a boy's hand in public, when I'd been thirteen, and discovered just how much attention that generated. I started to back out of the room, but then Laurie seemed to rekindle her rather impressive stubborn streak and plopped down on Graham's bed instead of following me. He met my eyes and shrugged helplessly. He wasn't the kind of person I normally befriended, but I knew he'd done a lot for Jason. We had the occasional disagreement, but she'd never taken it this far. When Jase started to sit up, I pulled him back down and he settled himself against me amiably, his head on my shoulder. He accepted the attention being with me generated, and he'd almost completely abandoned his tendency to suppress his deeper emotions, at least with me. I smiled to myself, somehow knowing as I watched him that everything would be all right. I kissed his forehead. Snowv. He paused and frowned as he tried to remember the word, making hand motions in the meantime. I snorted and shoved the paper in my jeans pocket. After sitting on each chair to decide which one was the least comfortable, I unzipped my suitcase and began taking out piles and piles of books. The floor had pale-brown ceramic tiles and there was an island in the middle of the kitchen made of marble of the same colour. but I could have sworn there was an ice-cream maker in the corner. Either way, I was covered, and there was no way I was going to starve the week away. It would have been a pain to clean up the sticky concoction. he continued,  His smile turned wolfish and a little patronizing. I ignored it. I swallowed hard and turned away as a traitorous tear crept down my cheek. Wrinkles were the last thing on my mind. His smile grew wider. and found myself against the wooden wall that served as a barrier between the main room and the bedroom. I sighed. There was no pain when it came to Logan, no matter how hard he pushed me, no matter how hard he tried to make me break. I sighed. Not that I wanted to move away in the first place. I started off thinking of just trapping them up on the mountain and letting them hash things out for a period of a week or so (and maybe even make a trip down to visit the town), but it took off on its own and this was the final product. She makes it clear she wanted to leave Raymond for Logan, but circumstances forced her to give Logan up; yes, they have unresolved issues to go over, but why let that block their chances of finally having a relationship? * The line about enjoying the ride is quoted from Johnny Depp. That's right, three months of checking out previously stipulated guys with your friends, shopping, partying and just blobbing. ! my last name is Orange… and no this does not give you license to mock me. Mom would've been giving birth for eleven years. . . I swear if Marissa doesn't stop singing that stupid Barney song soon, I will kill her. Well I should say, what must be a drive way since it lead to this house. It seems that it wasn't just me out of the loop this time. I would never survive in Big Brother. . . Oh good, so she wasn't going to get all psycho Jackie Chan at Dad (for springing this on us) in front of this guy. ! and oh my gosh, don't even get me started on his mouth which was just begging me to walk up and smack one on him. That plus, he was waayyy out of my league. . yeah that's about it. . ! . :) Anyways please do review, I wanna see wotcha think so far. I worked on it for a good few months, and five days before the deadline, I've finally finished it. It had begun falling from the sky by the time we turned off the main road and into the town of Stowe, Vermont. It swirled around on the street in the form of a dry powder before it finally settled into a drift somewhere. Their roofs were plastered in snow, matching the top of the covered bridge opposite the town. Nonetheless, I protested. My eyes habitually jumped to the emergency brake, preparing to use it if necessary. However, he sighed upon seeing my facial expression drop. With his sense of humor and my incapacity to be funny, the two of us were best friends in no time. Logan had always been a lot of fun to be around. He leaned against it and crossed his arms, peering through the snowfall at the house in front of us. It was perched on the tip of the mountain, seemingly endless trees surrounding it. I couldn't recall exactly what he'd said, but more often than not, the owner put the key either in the mailbox or underneath the doormat. The wind dragged the snow across it, covering and uncovering the ice. Most of them had white curving stripes of cleared terrain; although I knew nothing about the sport, most likely because of my aversion for snow, I assumed that these stripes were ski-trails. he commented. Then, shaking it out, I examined the material in my hand. He looked up upon hearing my entrance. I was wearing a plain white tee-shirt, a pair of simple black mid-calf boots, and, of course, the rubber-ducky boxers. Then he began sifting through all the useless crap that had collected there over the years. I quickly put it on, but my legs were still bare below the cursed boxers. Then he proceeded to wind the chain around my wrists and twist it, somehow knotting the links. he declared. I swallowed the lump in my throat, making a perfectly audible gulp sound. I knew what she liked, and I knew what she was like, but hearing this dead-on synopsis of her personality sounded odd to my ears; it was odd that my cousin who had conversed with her for less than an hour was voicing the thoughts I'd never thought, in all the days I'd know her. How many years had I known Olive, only to realize that the deepest observation I'd made concerning her was that her favorite colors were complementary according to the color wheel? ; ; . Where had I put that potato peeler? Go figure. Most people would've just said Sure. I gulped. I could pull it off. Yeah. she asked, frowning. That did not stop her from staring at them longingly. She eyed me suspiciously, and I shrugged again. And it bothered me that I was wrong. I guess I'd use it if she wanted me to. I accepted them gratefully, and somehow I was able to get everything back to the table without spilling. And her lips were really pink. she glanced back up at me and sighed. I cleared my throat. she joked wryly, looking down. By your mouth. ; ; . Today was Friday, three days after I'd asked her for coffee, though it felt like an eternity and then some. I asked. And now I sounded downright stupid. she asked, and she was staring at me like she really wanted me to understand. Well crap, but I wouldn't mind spending my life with a girl like her. ; ; . But if I had to add to that précis of her personality, she was also very clumsy, opinionated, and timid when she was not in control of a situation. I responded easily, shifting so that my head was in her lap. She pulled back, laughing hysterically. It just mattered that it did. I was a sissy. Crap. ; ; . I asked, disguising my voice. she said, laughing awkwardly. Eh, couldn't help myself. I tore my lips away from her jaw obediently, but not before grinning sheepishly—more like arrogantly—at her. Did I have a point? Olive confessed, staring right at my chest. what was she doing to me? An indignant sniff kind of made me want to hug her. ; ; . He gave me the rest of his Golden Grahams. Annddd it's so durn fun that your mouse is scrolling over to the button as we speak. 27. darker now. . ! Thanks to my parents being one of the most sought after surgeons in the US the money just poured in by the truckloads. I'm also their only offspring so I didn't have to share any of it with any troublesome siblings. The skin goes pretty well with my short tousled chestnut brown hair and gray eyes. The hobby ofplaying with the smaller guys in school. and enjoying every minute of it. Breaking them down to nothing but begging supplicants is the best kind of foreplay for me. They are the ones that push my shaft into their hole. I have plenty of choices for my fun. Even if they don't know it themselves. and can give the best head without having to tell them what to do. They know the consequences of going against me. Just like everyone else. They think the reason I laugh at them is to humiliate them. Completely and without any complications. I don't know anything about him. That is all I can say. I wasn't focusing on anything in particular that day, just enjoying the light-headed feeling of the nicotine kicking in and the increase in tempo as the chorus trickled into my ears. Panic started to bloom in my gut as I continued to yell and thrash against my bindings. The action forced my shoulders against his chest and pulled my neck into an awkward angle, successfully trapping my hands between his body and mine. I felt the heat from his body quickly press against my back shortly after, the grip on my wrists remaining firm. My jaw ached at having to keep my mouth forced open, but didn't try to move it around to stretch it out, not wanting to hear that underlying threat in his voice again. it just forced my body to listen to him. It seriously pissed me off. When I didn't make another move to pull away, the grip loosened slightly as he gave another deep laugh, the vibrations from it purring against my back. The pain from it made me barely notice his other hand leave my wrist. ! His hand cupped me, his finger tips dipping down between my legs to press against my perineum while his trapped cock probed my ass, as if he were trying to fuck me through both of our jeans. Not with any of my past sessions. I could feel both of our heavy breathing mix as it danced along my skin, the scent of cigarette and mint teasing my nose. There was no fucking way I was going to let this prick turn me into his toy. Way! I tried to pull away from the press of his cock against my ass only to press harder against the one in the front. The way his body moved around me made my own submit to his movements. ! I had to further clench my resolve to resist when that same hand started to pull down my pants until they pooled at my knees. A cold feeling of dread clenching inside of my gut. Well at least I knew what that snapping noise was. My walls clenched at the foreign intrusion while I tried to ignore how very little I minded the almost pleasant burn his finger forced into me. The thought made me shiver and my dick twitch. ! It wasn't until he curled his fingers in such a way that brushed against the special bundle of nerves inside of me that I understood why some guys preferred to be on the receiving end of some male on male fucking. shit! I stopped all movement as his fingers pulled out from my hole. He chuckled as pulled his hand from my mouth to clamp onto my other hip. My cock throbbed in response, knowing exactly what this was doing to me, and not embarrassed in the slightest. Please! I did whimper when he felt him get up, the sound of rubber snapping letting me know that he at least had the decency to wear a condom. I pulled the blindfold down and blinked to adjust to the change in light, then focused intently at that door. He didn't even get close to me long enough to get a good smell of him. I should be pissed and determined to find this fucker and kill him for what he did to me. He made it a game to see how quickly he can steal all my control away. Now, I do it as a way to assert some control back into my life by dominating these weaker kids. That much is a given since he mentioned it the first time. I still enjoy the rush of power I get when I see how pathetic they are after a round with me. It got to the point that I had to buy looser fitting pants and wear longer jackets so my 'condition' wont be so obvious. Not that going unnoticed was particularly difficult with the sea of students trying to get to their next class. All while moaning into the gag he shoved in my mouth, sounding like a damn dog in heat. The sensation of him as he pushes inside of me, his quiet grunts and groans heard clearly as he pumps his pleasure from my body; it makes me feel like I'm all that matters in his world. It's these moments that makes me want to fight the blindfold if only to get a glimpse of his pleasure-filled face. Terror always consumed me when he left me, because I feared that this time he wouldn't forgive me for disobeying him. If I didn't pass out (and he would always know when I was still conscious) he would tell me to wait until he left before taking off the blindfold. I wanted to see the expressions he made when he was cumming, I wanted to see his sated face when he rode out his orgasm. he wouldn't give it to me and I don't know why. It was my way of punishing him, to let him know that I still had control of my life, even when he took it away from me when he was with me. No way in hell. I guess you could say he became a favorite of mine. Only certain people could successfully pull off a hair style that was a mix of Asian meets emo and he was definitely one of them. They were the most powerful things I have even seen. It came to the point where I didn't care what reaction I got from him, just as long as it was something! He just did what he was told without saying a fucking word, the only sounds he ever made where some occasional pants and hisses when I got a little rough with him. When I realized how much he wanted to look at me, I use to make it habit of forcing him to do something that would make it impossible to keep the contact. It seemed like this guy already knew how much of a fake I was. It started out as once a month, then once a week, then every few days. I just didn't expect I would be the one to screw up. But for some reason I brought Aaron up there. I had this sudden urge to see his face and I couldn't do that when I took him from behind. I stared down at him as I continued to pound away into his tight heat. It will never cease to amaze me how he can look both aroused and stoic in this situation. I wanted more from him. I shoved my tongue into his mouth and openly moaned at the taste as sparks of familiar electricity danced along me body. The place where Master first made me his. His scent surrounded me as I pressed the tips of my fingers harder into the flesh of his skin, our moans and the slapping of skin the only noises heard. I became lost in that scent, drawing those same questions that normally came to the surface when I was with Master. The emotions that resulted from each session with him suddenly bubbled up in my chest and before I even knew what was happening, my deepest secret spewed from my mouth. And I knew the second I made eye contact with those eyes of his the confirmation of it would kill me. My hands shook as I chucked the used condom off the roof and pulled up my pants before running away, stumbling as I jumped down the stairs. Dammit I'm so screwed! Well I supposed I shouldn't be very surprised that he wasn't a gossiper since I haven't heard the kid say one word. And from the intelligence that screamed in his eyes, he would have come to a pretty intuitive conclusion by now. I got away with this for about two weeks until he took action. He didn't like what I was doing. I missed the defiance that screamed in Aaron without him saying a damn thing. Hell, even my other boys have stopped trying to instigate the  sessions. I got up, went to my classes, ate lunch with a couple of friends, went to more classes, then went home. Out of habit I turned to see who it was, when the overhead lights switched off and the door slammed closed. though it was too fast to really tell. He had never been this gentle before, and sure as hell had never kissed me so tenderly. He even let me kiss parts of his skin that I could reach without punishing me for it like he had done so often in the past. Why was this time so different? I was so out of it that I didn't even notice that we had been facing each other the entire time. and familiar. Maybe it was because I missed him so much and my mind provided me with a scent I expected him to smell like? I was not a girl and I sure as hell wouldn't cry like one, dammit! ! Instead of complaining like I was desperate to do I just nodded, then realized he couldn't see me do the motion I hissed out a quiet. ? The sound of the door clicking shut made me realize the body on me had left. Pride was the last thing on my mind as relief filled my body, his words repeating over and over in my head. When our eyes met, a small smirk appeared at the edge of his lips. As if he could tell my mind still wasn't fully accepting it his spoke one little word. I wrapped my arms around his neck and dug my fingers into whatever part of flesh in reach. God it was that same chuckle. The emotions that now filled his eyes stole my breath away. The thought made my breath shake as I gripped each of his wrists in response. He looked back at me with a guarded yet hopeful expression which made me snort in response. Let me know what you think, please. Knowing that I – introverted, blend-into-the-background, can't-string-more-than-three-words-together-without-extreme-discomfort me – would be playing a solo just made it all the worse. This fact alone would allow me to stand and be recognized, for I could maintain my anonymity among those seven. Unfortunately, I was the only one who had. Rising from the cessation of chaos, a simple melody would weave its way from my instrument, before being joined by other instruments' voices, combining to create something true and pure. thing was recognized as what it was, as the truest expression of itself, the rest of the instruments – the chaos – joined in harmony. To do that, I would have to go contrary to over seventeen years worth of certain action and thought and being. But not now, not surrounded by people from whom I'd hide by blending in with them, people who – if they noticed me at all – all expected me to be unnoticeable. My solo would be a true expression of who I was, of what I wanted to be. And I delighted in it. I in no way need to know that my parents have done it often enough to conceive eight children. Lucky me. After the twins, my mom and dad cooled off for a few years before having Tabitha, who was five, and Phoebe, who was two. I felt a grin spreading across my face at their moronic pronunciation of my name. Hormones. Ugh, that was getting old. The tension I hadn't even realized had gathered in my shoulders drained away as I watched her leave. Yeah, first day of school was on a Friday. ), then a pep rally to get people ready for the game tonight – first one of the season. I think it went off to the music wing or something – not sure. I really did need it. Annoying, but not a deal-breaker. And no, I was not typically a violent guy. I, being the excellent big brother that I am, had gone to his concert when my parents couldn't make it, dragging along Ashleigh. The first section – I guess it was called a movement – was like some sort of march and was all upbeat and whatnot. I was fixed in my seat, the pounding drums and blasting notes vibrating in my ears, my head, my chest. A lone instrument played, soulful in the intonations, melancholy and haunting, alone and lonely, as a sole survivor rising from wreckage. It was me. And I should know, as my mom kept plenty of those dopey little flowers in pots on our back deck. Can I fall in love with someone I don't know? A total pansy. yet again. As soon as I opened the door to the echoey space, I heard low moans, both male and female, as well as a few quiet smacks of a couple's lips. My girlfriend. I had a car, but some other students and I took turns driving to save on gas. Most of them, however, had been together all day for the past two weeks for band camp here at school, myself included. And if there was something I did not want, it was that. Instead, I hung around a group of fellow band members at school, attempting to put off the illusion of having friends. I popped up from my seat, send a general wave to no one, and took off for my first class. It was not that I particularly believed that anyone would attempt to steal my messenger bag or lunch here at school, but I couldn't ignore the discomfort that her words brought. After all, if I couldn't see people's faces, then I wouldn't have the whole awkwardness thing mentioned earlier. I was rather early to class, evidenced by the otherwise empty room, so I pulled a novel from my bag and proceeded to lose myself in Elizabeth Bennet's dance with Mr. Darcy at the Netherfield ball. The majority of the class, however, consisted of them. There were many others, but these two were the epitome of the elite. I took mine and passed it back without looking behind me. me. Or so I'd heard, as I had never tried it. I sank further into my seat, hoping I wouldn't be noticed, even though I was sitting with her. So now that Ashleigh was insisting that I come to her party, and for a school project, no less, I had no idea how to respond. but you don't remember that. If it wanted, it could throw her into the depths of hollow silence and all would laugh as she plunged to her inevitable fate. Just about. Her wrists burned as he struggled and she just wanted to tell him to stop, to just give up and face the truth. Constricting ropes secured them onto the splintered pole, allowing neither chances of escape nor even the slightest movement. So, she kept her eyes forward, staring at the crowd in front of them. Monsters. Hatred. He had never shown weakness before; often being too stubborn to even admit having a weakness. Unlike her. It was him. She didn't think it was fair for him to be left alone. At least there was that. Too quick. Right now, she could almost imagine his pale eyes practically sending daggers at whatever he was staring at. Would they fade into the wind, never to become relevant ever again? They didn't deserve this. But no words formed at her mouth. Anyway, if this is your first time reading, then I hope you enjoy the story and don't forget to review! I sincerely hope it meets with your expectations. Also, one mild swear word. Consumer spending planned private investment government purchases net exports total output of economy. Economics sucks. A snort greeted him Max found that he had to fight to keep from laughing as he looked down. Eddie didn't move, arm still obstructing his own vision. He pulled back and pouted. Max smiled. Yes, it was a perfect fall day, and Max was determined to enjoy it. Just as the thought crossed his mind, however, a call came from behind him. The shutter snapped up the scene in front of them three times before Caldwell put it back into its case, smiling apologetically. His pile of papers cascaded to the floor, and, grumbling, he bent down to pick the runaway sheets up. Corey Caldwell adjusted his glasses and turned to Eddie, a slight frown creasing his forehead. Max looked around. He looked up in astonishment and found Eddie laughing at him, one end of the shin guards in his hands, blue eyes twinkling. He leaned forward and sealed his lips softly over Max's. Finally, the photographer stopped long enough to change his film. Eric snorted and turned the page. Everything in the picture looked calm, from the peaceful expression on the faces of the two boys to the slow Mississippi River flowing serenely in the background. Please leave me a review, for I love them so! But then someone was pulling him back by his shirt. There were too many students in the performing arts school that were supposed to belong in either of the other schools. They'd known each other since they were in elementary, only caring about whom had the better toys. . They had been only kids, but since the first day they had met, they had climbed the fence at night to meet up. Then came the cigarettes. Being the most chill out of them, Zach had only laughed it off, but John had a short temper. . It probably would have been one of those nights if Zach hadn't gotten in trouble at the party. It was where he stayed when he was running away from his father or when he was simply too lazy to go back home. . It wasn't a normal school—the jealousy ran deeper than who had the better reputation. So this created the perfect refuge, and she couldn't deny that with all the talent in the air, she also felt inspired. And when she had gotten a grip on sleep again, she had overslept and was awakened by Sam, who had lectured her all the while driving her to school and complaining that she had also made him late. She had then chosen art, but seeing that she was way more advanced than the actors, dancers or musicians in that class, they had bumped her up to the real art class, leaving her to choose to either blend in with everyone or become one of the best. Not that she minded; most artists took key points instead of wallowing in envy and hatred. She was constantly trying to get out of Dixie's shadow. He cleared his throat as he stepped off his podium and went to the large board behind him and wrote a date. "However, there are fifty of you, so what we're going to do is, I'm going to set everyone with a partner, and with that partner I want everyone to create their piece. Even though she had switched her main class to art, she knew she should have dropped music as well. She shook her head and grabbed her things, not even bothering to look at the list. About four lockers had his name on it, but it wasn't because he was the best that made Dixie want to leave the room fast. . He was just turning around to head back into the music room when he spotted Andrew down the hall. But his best friend forte was really in rap, something that made Landon cringe. This seemed to satisfy her, but she was quick to make a warning. He wasn't looking forward to talk to the snobby Tennyson chick again. Why she had decided to get another guy now was beyond his imagination. Landon sat down quietly before shaking his friend's arm to get him to look up. He wasn't one to believe Fred and seeing his best friend now, crying over a girl that had cheated on him only proved a point. Landon called Caleb, telling him that he had found Fred and that he was taking him home, considering the night over. They were known for bad and good reputation, but maybe there wasn't anything to say about her. N: The song used on the heading is by The Fray called Never Say Never. Oh dear. Sue me. ? With books in my arms, I half walked, half jogged toward my destination, hoping I could get there before my absence was noted. Before I had left my old town, I let my best friend cut it for me so it was barely past my jawline. I, regrettably, fell into the  category. I sighed. she said. When the door shut and she disappeared from view, I leaned over the counter and craned my neck to make sure she was really gone. I'm not sure how long I sat there, but before I knew it, my Ipod was minutes from dying and I had knocked out half the pages of the novel in my hand. Craning my neck backwards, I looked up at the counter behind me and was met with another face, inches away from mine. he finally spoke, breaking the silence. I said. On his feet, he wore classic checkered vans that appeared to have been sported enough times, because they were tattered and ripped. I could meet some people, have some form of a life, and hopefully acquire some friends here by the time school started. Then a look of realization made its way onto Derek's face. my mother said as she turned on the faucet. My feet quickened on the sidewalk. I placed my hand over my heart and turned my back to him. Strangely, though, I didn't mind so much. Every few moments, I'd look up to check if Derek was still mopping the floor as I'd told him to. Her reddish, wavy hair reached to the small of her back. I repeated. Then I finally turned on my heel and went back into the kitchen. I added. Then Derek, for a split second, put his hand on her upper shoulder. And, well… Such modified situations did not make me all that thrilled. As I went plummeting toward the floor, I made a grab for anything that would keep me up. It made a huge ruckus as it clattered to the floor. Derek repeated, his signature grin reappearing. I tossed them in his direction and the majority of them collected in his brown hair. He smiled wickedly as the entire contents of the can were sprayed down my shirt. He tried desperately hard to keep his arms from slipping in order to avoid squishing me. We grinned at each other through our heavy breathing. I immediately froze up, and my heart (located next to the entire contents of a whipped-cream can) began beating impossibly fast. The kitchen door swung open, and my stepfather stood there, peering around the destroyed room. There were still a few rags around the kitchen, but, for the most part, I had rinsed them of all the whipped cream and chocolate syrup and they were drying on top of the radiator. But I'd been cleaning the kitchen since 4:30 that afternoon, and I was about ready to keel over. he added. A grin formed on Derek's face as he stared absentmindedly at the ceiling. Derek stated. I let my head slump forward as I sighed irately. I started planning on being on time more often. I also noted that it was a good thing I'd been good at talking my parents into hiring him, because when I got home that night, I'd have to do it all over again. I'm working on multiple other stories at the moment, but lately I've been like,  so I dunno when I'll be out with something new. Her signature shadowy getup is what gave her the name, albeit quite (read immensely) lame, Shadow Skater. He was still as hyper as ever though. She turned around to face three boys also decked out in skate gear though they had scowls instead of grins decorating their faces. Her short temper didn't help either. Just a bit. Just in time before Friedman and his two followers realized what had happened and tried to start an all out fist fight with curses and profanities that would require at least four bars of soap. Most of the skaters knew they weren't dying or having a seizure, as it was relatively normal behavior for the two. If one didn't know any better, they would assume that Ty and Drew had recently completed acts expected of hormonal teenagers. He was never too touchy about being called black in a derogatory way, but his friends always stood up for him and made sure no exceptionally racist assholes were injury free. No, it was a brat called Brady. She didn't hate them per say, just couldn't stand their snobbish ways. Knowing one another since preschool and being closer than kin since, they knew every last thing about each other down to the last drop of useless information. Prolong the torturous meeting. Adding to their wealth, her father, John Jackson, was a succeeding businessman in the automobile industry while her mother, Heather Jackson, was a well-known fashion designer and had recently started up a perfume line. Everything her parents wanted her to be brilliant at, she either hated or had no talent for or even both. Memories that should forever be forgotten. Other than her, there were two men in dark brown coats talking near a bench. Under the dim light, she saw a flash of silver. They're gonna kill me next! It was amazing how their commotion attracted practically nothing, just the unfortunate brunette who had been at the wrong place at the wrong time. To her, it looked like Brown was losing as most of their numbers had fallen to the floor. Not long after, only a few Browns were remaining and a little less than half the Blues were wounded. The Blues noticed and turned around to discover Ty gawking. Psycho murderers with guns use…potato launchers? She couldn't hear steps other than her own, but didn't want to look behind despite the paranoia. Her ears only heard her own thumping heartbeat and ragged breaths as she tried to remember how to breathe normally. He didn't even have time to replace his hidden smug smirk with a stunned expression. A circle that was slowly getting smaller and smaller. Still, she tried to keep her voice firm when she spoke,  Her voice cracked slightly at the end as she fought the creeping hysteria that made her want to burst into tears or uncontrollable laughter at her fucked up luck and stupidity. Shit. In fact, she could barely tell that they were speaking words at all. Die. They replaced the hand over her mouth with a foul tasting cloth that made her gag. Her kidnappers were caught off guard and received a few stray blows before growling and grabbing her flailing limbs. Murderous, kidnapping idiots, but idiots nonetheless. She barrel rolled to a stop and quickly got up despite the pain in her arms and hammering heart. Her throat dried and her tongue decided to unveil its transformation abilities to turn into crackly, rough sandpaper. She barely noticed the drunkards too wasted to be of any help making lewd remarks, the skeletal dogs barking, the possums raiding dumpsters and the second black car that shadowed the first one. Ty turned to face the front again but was too late to notice the discarded, cheap beer bottles. When she looked up, the trashcan in front of her had a bullet hole. Cheap beer bottles temporarily saved my life. Actually, she was actually thinking. It was behind a dumpster, and as predictable and clichéd as it was, she immediately slipped inside. Just please don't let them catch me! I am leaving you with the cliff-hanger. And it's also the characters, they speak how they want, don't give a shit about anything else. Okay, back to what I was saying before, I have written stuff, but it's all just scenes for completely new story ideas and my story idea doc (yes i actually have one, you have no idea how not like me that is) is like 4 pages of pure blurb idea thingies. He had just finally reached the point where he couldn't stand his 'friends' anymore, and he had left before he'd made the mistake of telling them all to go to hell. Unless, of course, that person was a part of the gossip. No one noticed him standing there, beating on the door to get in. He was close to tears. Dark eyes, shadowed by the lack of light over the man's balcony, glittered in amusement. The stranger pulled back, keeping his hands close in case John slipped, but allowing the other man to climb over of his own free will. The stranger led him in and waved him onto a plush sofa. The walls and furniture were best described as frugal, with nothing but a couch, a chair, and a plaque that looked too old to read, and was too far away for John to make the effort anyway. There was something very warm growing within him, and he somehow doubted that it was the warmth from the apartment, or the coffee. He turned his hand slightly and returned the grip Ten had on it. he ordered in the same soft voice. You'd think having them in -my- mind would give me some sort of control over the jerks. I will not tolerate any nasty reviews about that from anyone. My nanny didn't seem to mind the sorry excuse of transportation mean we were in while I was huffing all the time, sighing loudly, and even pouting. What if he didn't like me? No wonder I feel I'm not ready to get married when my nanny treats me like a kid, while my mother and father don't acknowledge my existence unless they need to parade me in front of their friends. Swords. This is horrible. They could take all the money and goods for all I care as long they don't hurt anyone. To my utter chagrin, the man pointed at me before being pushed to the ground by the intimidating man. I felt everything blur around me as I inhaled the strong smell before blackness consumed me, making me lose consciousness. How could a stupid tent in the middle of the Sahara be fancier than my parents' house? I shifted uncomfortably in my place before I could summon enough courage to speak. That's an offer he shouldn't be able to refuse. But I know if I want to get out of here alive I need to be as diplomatic as possible. I was supposed to go meet my fiancé…the man that I should marry and become his respectful wife and not become this hateful man's pleasure slave! One of them raised his hands and was about to touch my hair when a sound, one that I was a bit familiar with, boomed from behind me and made all the men take a step away from me. I felt my cheeks flush because I had the feeling that they were talking about me. I didn't need to voice my question as the stupid sheikh continued in his explanation. I all but threatened as I scrambled back on the bed trying to get away from him. I will not allow him to make me one of his mistresses but I did not voice my thoughts in the hopes of having him leave the tent so I can be able to escape without having him right on my tail. They are deeply mistaken if they think I'm going to help them. They looked funny afraid of me. What if he was planning to kill me? I snickered inwardly at that. I only spent a day without taking a bath, but who knows with being in the Sahara all day surrounded by sand and more sand under the scorching sun? I squealed again when he held me in his arms bridal style and walked towards the tub. I'd rather die than do what he wants. He looked…bored? This can't be happening to me. Water splashed around me as I fell inside the wooden bathtub, scraping my knees painfully from my kneeling position, and getting my hair soaked in the process. I felt him sliding behind me and his hands came around me and rested on my waist. I have to wait for my best chance to escape again. I started heaving, my lungs desperate for the air that's getting stuck in my throat and not reaching my lungs. He was a complete stranger using me for his own pleasure. I tried pushing at his wrists to make him leave my chest but the only thing I succeeded in accomplishing was to push myself more against his chest. I could barely breathe with having my chest squeezed so tightly against his. His middle finger grazed my nether lips before he pushed it inside of my hole and I couldn't help but to release a whimper at the strange sensation of being penetrated. I didn't even know if I wanted him to stop what he was doing with his fingers right now, or keep on pumping them inside me. He growled deep inside his throat. I didn't want to cause the men and my nanny any harm, but at the same time I can't succumb to this stranger's demand. Seconds and I felt blackness consuming everything around me. One :  . I've got to say, though, Chase was the worst of them all. Did he really think I want to be reminded of the fact that my favourite restaurant was also the place I got dumped? But I just couldn't resist that shy, bashful smile of his, and the colour of his brown eyes sparkling back at me. I'll be damned if I let him get away easily. smack! After getting the same lines from the same no-good, sports-obsessed, scums you call 'jocks', I thought that I might've probably under-reacted. After the incident with Felix, where he flirted with me for weeks and then told me that he was interested in college girls when I finally tried to make a move on him, I thought I'd never get back to dating again. All of the gorgeous hunks turn out to be dicks. Even though they are a pretty odd couple. . It seemed like I could never get her to myself anymore because she and Tyler will always have some date or whatever that they have to attend. He wouldn't expect her to change one bit. I've never told anyone though—even Erin—for some reason, it made me feel like a freak. But I knew that he hated losing to a girl just as much as any jock. The lights on one of the upstairs bedroom were turned on and I saw the silhouettes of two figures through the window. With the noises they were making, I was surprised the whole neighbourhood hadn't been woken up yet. He stood up to brush the dirt from his pants and I took a staggering step back when I got a clearer view of his face. If only he wasn't so reflexive. So instead, I opted for another rock to speak for me. So throughout all the times he flirted with me and came over to my house, he was only visiting her? Of. I just wanted to crawl into my bed and not talk to anyone ever again for the rest of my life—especially not jocks. and by that I mean that this night has been hell. If anybody has been through what I've been through these past months, they'll all understand that I am, in no way, overreacting. Review please! She waves okay to her and heads towards the stable. The main reason for his visit now is to acquire a black racing horse and to satisfy his father's and Stephano's wish to strike a relationship with Elena De Castel in hopes that the two family will merge. He agreed only because he didn't want to dishonor his father's wish. She often stays in the condo that her parents owned in the city. Elena wanted to spend all her time charming their elusive American guest. Although Alexandra was fast becoming a young lady, she still acted young and rebellious. She vaguely remembered this gorgeous stranger but she knew instantly who he was. In her deepest voice she replies. Darius arches his eyebrow questioningly as he observes the stable boy walking as if he had a stick up his ass. Alexandra slightly colored. She put a nice pair of jeans on and a blouse. Her dad stood up and so did Darius. Darius cheeks colored. After that day, Alexandra was more insistent in being by his side. He traveled all around the world acquiring them. She gave Darius a hurt look. Alexandra didn't care; she couldn't fathom losing her baby horse. ! All done. And again. A HUGE shout out/thank you to her! And it said the same thing he'd read but a few moments before. No strings if U decide U don't like me. there stood Deanna, grinning down at him like a cheshire cat. he added gruffly, clicking the red X at the top of the screen to close out the page. She grinned as she walked off, waggling her fingers at him daintily. he grunted when he posted the reply. -. -. -. -. -. I'll do my best to make it good! If you're interested in reading the whole thing, you can follow a link to purchase it on my profile. Nothing could ever go wrong. Sculptured shrubs and colorful flowerbeds with roses, tulips, daises, petunias, and orchids almost made the lawns seem like works of art. She hadn't had the opportunity to spend time in many 'real' places, but she'd bet the neighborhood was just as phony as any other environment she had ever had the displeasure of walking through. But, others…others could mean jail sentences, children taken away, property lost, excommunication, and exile from the community. Not that she cared. It was nice to see kids playing outside on their block, almost like a television show. A newcomer, she stood out and carried herself in a manner that she doubted was fit for this place. A chain dangling from her pocket to her belt loop chimed as it hit against her slim thigh, which caught the kids' attention for a second. Replacing the paper into her pocket, she pushed her bike onto 23rd Street, and scanned for the house in the fading daylight. She quickly rid herself of that thought, knowing it'd take her to morose, nightmarish places. Either way, she couldn't get in the house. There were stores, restaurants, and takeout places not too far from the house, so the idea of a person walking wasn't farfetched. Her eyes drifted down to her growling belly, seeing nothing but her torn black shirt. She wasn't in the mood to search for a bank right now. Before they could do their job, they met with gravity and ended up on the wooden porch. He wore an expensive white oxford shirt and designer black slacks, not fit for the cool night. She caught herself before the door slammed into Tyler's perfect nose. She'd have a light day at work on Monday for once. She dismissed the thought in favor of her craving for a hot shower and to be out of Tyler's presence. he whispered, placing a gentle kiss to her neck. He snorted, frowning when he missed her. A few deep breaths kept her from voicing the indignation coursing through her with increasing intensity. A window on the same wall off centered the television. A repugnant habit of his that she had hoped he'd outgrow. He doesn't even bother to ask anymore. She shuddered. He smiled with a smoldering look burning in his eyes. Unfortunately, he couldn't do the same. I'm not sure how much longer I'm going to have the patience for this… for him. He also made it a point to reprimand her for being inefficient, because she always brought work home, which took time away from him. He was too selfish for that. She always did. Even after his apartment was repaired, it seemed like he never moved out and things between them seemed to shift much more noticeably then. He was becoming a constant headache, like a bullet right through the temple. The door was ripped open. He inclined his chin while regarding her, looking down his nose. She tugged at the one good strap on her book bag. Somehow, she doubted it'd ever pay off for them. Again, she was shocked. Tyler rolled his eyes, too, and marched back upstairs. She attempted to escape both, but they pursued her until she fell out of bed. Giving them anything less than expected was an affront to them that they would call her on. It was her fault for assuming he had something in him worth salvaging. She grabbed her toothbrush from the porcelain holder, covered it with minty toothpaste for sensitive teeth, and brushed. There wasn't even a hint of anger in her gaze, just sheer and genuine disbelief at the gall of the man. She could no longer tolerate him. Before he could gather himself and say something, she slammed the door in his face. The door was locked and he lashed out at it. He's gone. A peaceful sigh escaped her as she proceeded to eat and read her morning paper, until a strange voice called out to her. She could've been from the Middle East or Hispanic or even an Aborigine. Jackass! No, it was just one man in particular. I knew I could hold my drink but I usually more sensible in pacing myself to last an entire night. And I was tired of aching for a guy who seemed to have no romantic interest in me whatsoever. I'd known him since we were five and had spent the last fifteen years falling in love with him. Inside I was a complete ball of mush when it came to Josh Munroe. She looked slutty, in my opinion, and although I'd never admit it out loud, I felt oddly threatened by her presence around my best friend. Instead, he walked out on our argument, muttering something about how he had to meet her which only added more fuel to my anger. The event had almost become something of an institution to us. It was rude to stare and I was beginning to feel uncomfortable but refused to be the first to back down. Frowning, I turned back to Ralph. Ralph was a fantastic dancer and I always loved dancing with him. We danced like that for the next song as well and I was actually really enjoying myself. It hadn't Ralph at all but that guy from the bar earlier. How stupid of me! Finally, I slipped my feet into my shoes and cast a final look at the sleeping form. He seemed like the complete opposite from the type I usually went for. I made a mental note to myself: if I ever did this again, I hoped I'd have better judgement in going for a more decent looking dude. Disgusted at my lack of self-control, I turned leave. I berated myself. Drop me a review and tell me what you thought. He just makes up his own rules. He had nice skin, but somehow this never seemed to matter because his eyes were too big and his fingers were too delicate. The only people who seemed to irritate him were my friends and I. I suppose this had something to do with the fact that his older brother Jason partied with us often, and that they definitely did not have the best brotherly relationship. What I do remember is the solid thunk of the door as I shouldered it open, and the sight of him stumbling away, his hands to his nose, falling backwards to land on his ass in the muddy puddles on the floor because I had hit him with the door. I offered him the package of tissues I had unearthed. Muddy water darkened the seat of his pants; I winced. I suppose it doesn't make sense, but I can't stand it when someone is disappointed in me, or angry with me, for something that I didn't intend to happen, and if I can do something to alleviate their distress I do it. In any case, he exited quickly and I was left alone with Orion, who wouldn't look at me. My jeans were a little too snug for my hands to really fit but I left them there, and would have said something but Orion finally spoke. That might have been the moment he caught me. My eyes had strayed again to his wet pants, which clung to his ass rather too much. I do tend to get carried away when I'm upset, and this response is only magnified when I have time to dwell on my anger. I hissed. Retrieving my bag, I said flatly to Trevor,  Orion didn't get up as I left. That wasn't a good idea, though, so instead I just got stoned. I woke up with sticky sheets and a sick feeling in my stomach. Surely if anyone could get my mind off tall boys with too-big dark eyes it was my boyfriend. This time we went out for dinner, which I ended up paying for, as usual, and afterwards he was being even more indecisive than normal about what he wanted to do. Okay, so it was a bad suggestion. I still enjoyed spending time with him, but as a friend more than anything, and this meant our close moments were getting awkward for me. It hadn't even been two months and I was sick of it. I pulled away. As many times as I've been through breakups, I still suck at them. I think he was about to cry. I left. I'm totally convinced that if I came out to my parents my dad would kill me rather than let me sell my soul to Satan, and this creates no small amount of tension in my family. . He's really not that scary". I love you, Ash". I mean they didn't have to say yes, they could have been sweet, and said no. Breathe, breathe. I don't want to end up like 'Lost. Grumbling to himself, he shut it, then opened it again only to pound on the keys like he was playing the piano, I let out a small chuckle. He was, in an offbeat way, very handsome. Unzipping a bit of my carry one I pulled out my bear…breathe, breathe, breathe, hug the bear, breathe, I will survive. awkward. It was like I was walking in the ocean, were the sand and the water makes each step more difficult than a normal one. Seriously, I build it up in my mind, psych myself out and then it ends up being nothing! Who would really want to sit with a person who is hyperventilating though, he could just be doing this with his best interest in mind (I'm putting my money on that one). He unwrapped it and held it in front of my lips, I grabbed it with my teeth; to think we had just met and he was already feeding me. My seat reclined slightly, and I smiled,  I said in a whisper, and I let the day catch up with me. This really wasn't bad at all, I couldn't believe I had psyched myself out for no reason; even Mason seemed less tense then when we had first met. I was doing a happy dance on the inside. I could feel the tears begin to fill my eyes, and then there was a warm hand holding mine. I had known the guy for a few hours, and I was kissing him. I could feel his eyes on me. I smiled as he passed and entered the restroom. Mason saw me approaching and came to get my carry on, and once again, put it in the overhead compartment as I went and sat down. The bumps smoothed and I could feel the plane's speed slow down as another announcement came over. In London. . ! ! Now that he was a tall, thin Senior with a dragon curled up on his chest. Then I watched Johan. When one of his teammates moved forward as if to hit Chris or Gary, Johan put a hand out on his chest, moving the guy back. That's how the universe works. She laughs and shakes her head. He would probably be safe for about another ten minutes before the teacher noticed how long he'd been gone and sent someone out to find him. But he'd been doing enough of that lately that it border-lined some sort of sick stalkerish obsession. At least that meant he didn't have to worry about Erik moving in on Sean. Sean was attractive enough for him to never get bored of staring at the guy. Because Sean would always be the hot jock that everyone wanted to get a piece of, and he would always be the overly-ordinary emo kid that was nothing special. Talk about a recipe for sexual frustration. Though his mouth was slightly ajar, he wasn't making a sound, though Ethan was willing to bet he was having to exercise a hell of a lot of restraint to do so. But his mind couldn't seem to wrap itself around what exactly it was seeing. He'd never head of straight guys getting blow jobs from other guys before. Not even if hell froze over. And his body was more than aware of that nice little fact. Making a bolt for the door, Ethan could hear Sean lunge after him, the guy's footsteps right on his heels as he ran to pull open the door. This was gonna be bad. Just how he wanted to look in front of his crush. Swallowing hard, Ethan turned around, his back to the door as he forced himself to look up at Sean. His eyes, though, they looked so heavy, so aged, like he could've been 100. Knowing he'd gotten all hot from seeing Sean getting blown by some guy definitely wasn't going to help his mood. He was glad he'd interrupted before they'd finished, even if it did mean he'd get a beating because of it. It wasn't as if he was laughing or smiling. Total giveaways, not that he was exactly trying to hide it in the first place. He wouldn't have even noticed the boy if it weren't for the fact that he was the one giving Sean a blow job. And look how true that had turned out to be. What if he'd decided to beat him up after all? Sean had pretty much threatened to neuter him, and all he could think about was what the guy looked like jacking off. And neither were his legs. Sean's anatomy. The same scenario, the same kind of actors, and the same crappy plot that plagues theaters all across America. Finally, the end up together in love? The best friend with the crush then tries to show the other friend the truth. it's a happy ending because of true love. They always end up happy together…because of true love! I mean it's the real world. Because it just simply doesn't exist. It was…typical. Stuffing the last of her chocolate bar into her mouth she slung her backpack on her shoulder. Still trying to find her way in the new school, even with direction it took her awhile to find the vending machine. Yet again, it slivered hurriedly back out. To Amelia, it sounded like the doors of Heaven were opening up for her. Amelia just rolled her eyes and turned back to Mr. Smith. Her mother was obviously trying to balance something at the bank. She pulled her black hair into a loose ponytail and quickly grabbed a pencil and paper. All in all, I'm pretty happy with it. However, some of them don't do much more than talk about the next update, and they just don't make sense anymore. Up. Now, as my mind came back into my body, I felt the aches of a late night and fitful sleep burdening me. It seemed like a chore to have to leave the house, but I was working today and I had no choice. She might as well have new hours, she worked late so often. She didn't even give that to her boyfriends. Again. I eagerly dug it out of my pocket and glanced at the screen. I didn't even bother to include the state of my body in my assessment; if possible, I tried not to think about my body at all. Safe. I had begun to wonder if he ever did anything. Thanks to my brother's tendency to watch and re-watch the films until the disks had given out, it was a subject I couldn't stand. What r u wearing? One day I was sure I'd simply pass out in the summer heat since the dress code insisted on making us wear long pants with our heavy, black company vest. I'd have to be careful if I bent over, I replied. But in the only picture J had ever seen of me my hair was down and he seemed to like it. I wasn't bored enough to play games with him that would most likely include cybersex. Bye. I envied her. I worried that they would fall on the newly wet floor and leave me to clean up the blood. There was no sweetness. Then I checked for messages. Two days ago his name had been THE ROCK. At least this one used proper capitalization. With my luck it was a girl who had just called me sexy. Besides, the question shifted the focus away from me. According to J's profile he was only in the next town over and I didn't feel like bringing that to his attention just yet. maybe we could go there and get together someday. I was a certified rollercoaster junkie. The one at home crashed. The computer world was so much easier to juggle than the real one. I wouldn't have dared do it without Alex, but with him I felt like I had the courage to do anything. The cool air and the light wind, made stronger by our speed, made my eyes water and my lungs expand until I felt almost light-headed. I hadn't picked the stupid dress, my mum had. As he'd always defended me, that time it had been my turn to step up and put things right for him. AtW. So what did that make us? The main plot really takes place in the next chapter, please give it a chance and let me know what you think. He never expected it'd open up an attraction he never deemed possible. He made sure she didn't get her wish every moment of every weekday. She was an only child and from she knew so was he, at dinner they'd be expected to entertain each other. She wanted to make a good impression on Patricia Gregory and her family. Her legs were actually in pain with every step she took away from her room and into the hell awaiting. she greeted the Gregory's with her biggest smile. She boasted about how well Michael did in school and how he was on the soccer team. He walked up to her and bent to see her eyes, when he couldn't he used his hand to tilt her chin up. That was something she didn't take easily. Patricia clarified. Shane was nice enough about it but like his brother he was probably good at putting on the perfect lie. She was a virgin who had never even been kissed but because of Michael and his lies she had the reputation of a slut willing to do whatever whenever. The onion fell from her hand but the knife remained. Mindlessly she dragged the blade farther into her hand. . 1. Others end. I hear the metallic female voice announcing our train is about to leave, so I stop trying to negotiate and simply stuff the whining and growling Lilla in her crate, grab it and the rest of my luggage and run. And, to make it all even more idyllic, Lilla decides she's had enough of the crate already and starts to yap, loud and high-pitched and with admirable insistence, as we slowly and painfully trudge our way to the opposite end of the train and the pet compartment. She probably thinks I'm planning to unleash unpleasant creatures amidst my fellow travellers and it's her citizenly duty to put me in my place. I hate crowded trains and nosy middle-aged women. I smooth her head with my fingertips, letting myself hope for just a second I wouldn't have to do anything but close my eyes and trust someone to hold me while I drift away. Get a grip, mate. Why is it always rain -? I'm not sure I want to talk to him, but I suppose I must. Am I relieved to have finally driven him out of my life? I am. Anyone. It will stop raining. I fix a brave smile on my face. Is it true about that younger Anderson boy -? Not too much emphasis on my new job, except maybe to Anna. I can't help but feel a soppy little burst of tenderness looking at her, skittering across the street towards me, butterfly-like as always. She loves cars and is young enough to believe there's sightseeing to be had driving through a dingy little country village like ours. She shakes her head at my attempt. The thought of it is a hard little knot against my sternum. Men make houses, women make homes, and so forth, until you throw up. Playing Puck. And when they called me a few days later, I just kept saying  like an imbecile, not comprehending a single word. Ha, my girls. This story will be a long one, but I promise I'll say this only once: Reviews would be very, very welcome. Shawn nodded his chin touching his chest and then peeked up at his mother to make sure that was the right response. But his mommy looked so sleepy, her eyes weren't even open any longer, she wouldn't see his shaking head or his signs. Shawn looked up in surprise. Maybe the new boy wasn't so bad after all. Shawn's father refused to acknowledge it and the memory of losing his wife this time last year. There was nothing, Santa hadn't come this year. He walked up and down the street a few times, kicking the snow, looking at the decorations on the other houses. Before he could make up his mind, Ryan was running out in boots, no jacket or hat. He trembled nervously. And then shrugged. and was sleeping most of the time anyways. Abandoning the cereal, Shawn raced to the door, sliding his feet in boots and the going quickly out onto the porch, skidding to halt in front of Ryan. Shawn's eyes widened, thrilled. Shawn looked up and, through watery eyes, watched Ryan run down the street and into the big house where he lived, slamming the door. His eyebrow went up; she shrugged back at him. He didn't want to talk to anyone. He then proceeded to painstakingly cover each scratch with gel. you've seen the animal shows, nothing good happens to the zebra. I don't think that would be a fun experience. So I guess it went without saying that I was really out of place, I mean I was really far away from my comfort zone and I was the kind of person who didn't adapt well, I was too shy and well shy. I was lost for words; I mean I was the kind of girl who apologised when someone did something to me just to get out of confrontations. Though I am sure there were a fair share of girls who probably had his name love hearted on the back of their work books. Catching the direction of my gaze, Jordan looked over at the girl and then shook his head. I had always been sort immune to those, so it didn't affect me at all, well not in the way I am sure it is intended for. Yeah right, I thought to his last statement, I would be surprised if that girl genuinely liked anyone. I know that's so unoriginal but I always had a soft spot for the rugged rebel, which is probably something to with the fact that that was far from what I was. Unless of course you're into that sort of thing, but somehow I don't think guys like that were. I tried to smile but I'm not it came out like it was supposed to. I already stated that I'm shy and that carried through to getting attention from people, the shy personality trait just didn't go well with being new to anywhere or being noticed in anyway. I really was that nervous and anxious all the time, I guess I just expected people too always judge me or something even If I didn't particularly care what they thought it still bothered me. It made me feel more at ease, I didn't think she was the type to just abandon me and leave me to my own vices, which I hate to admit wasn't something I didn't want on my first day. So this was a completely new experience and I hate dot say it, but it was slightly unnerving. I really hoped that deep down all those people weren't her friends, if they were I might just start hyperventilating and wouldn't that be completely embarrassing. I was the kind of person who came up with good come backs an hour after it had all happened, most people don't find that cool, and well no one I had ever met. There was the half that was at the top end, with the people I hadn't met and then there was our half which I had met, though didn't remember any of their names. Definitely not my type, was the first thought into my head. Oh and I am looking for someone to Beta this or whatever, I need someone willing to help me. I repeat: Never. I blamed the stranger who crashed into me and spilled his cup of hot chocolate all over my white v-neck. I woke up ten minutes before school started and my focus was on getting to school on time. Despite not being a morning person and the annoying fact that I was late for something for the first time in my life, I took his hand and allowed him to pull me up. I figured he was probably just skipping class…or school in general, anyway. Pause. My chest rose and fell quickly as I tried to catch my breath. The look in her eyes practically forced you to stare straight at it, forbidding you to turn away. I knew Springway High had a strict tardy policy but I didn't expect Mrs. McDuffe to be one of those teachers; the kind that send their students straight to detention when they're late for the first time. Damn security guard. The inner me said to snap out of it before prying my ears open to listen to Mrs. McDuffie. I'll marry them all. My two-story house was fifteen blocks away from school, I have the right to feel exhausted. Two thirds of the school spend their lunch time in here while the other third would go outside to the yard where picnic tables, basketball courts, a small stage, and a fresh field of grass and trees were available. I had such a small mouth that whenever I ate burgers (or any other food), I was forced to compress it and even then I had to take small bites. Do you see what having the possibility of being late does to me? Extra pens and pencils, a huge brush, nail clipper, black eyeliner, mascara, water bottles, pepper spray, bags of chip, anti-bacterial hand sanitizer, packets of tissue, used tissues (though, I don't know why anyone would need those…), eye drops, medicine, money, nice smelling lotion, not-so-nice smelling lotion, chapstick, watermelon lip gloss, a compact mirror, and the list can go on and on. They all laughed as if it was an inside joke; as if they understood how happy I was to be able to get rid of my smelly breath the second I brush my teeth and scrub my tongue. ' in his language. Though, it is my fault for crashing into him…but no body needs to know that. Kiera, I believe, had a hidden secret power that makes people talk. Ladies and gentlemen, the word shit is now back repeating itself in my head all over again. Right? She shot me the look, my thoughts disappeared in a second and I began squirming in my seat, having the sudden urge to tell her the truth. Dad stored all of those in a cardboard box hidden away in the attic when they got a divorce. A smirk was making its way onto her face as her deadly glare was replaced with a confident look in her eyes. ' the second I stepped foot into my house and right before I was about to dash towards my room, Grandma called me over and wouldn't take no for an answer. Mouth wide open, two front teeth showing, dark brown eyes bulging out, and looking just like that, I flew into my bedroom and towards the fish bowl on my night stand. Just when a waterfall of tears were about to escape from the edges of my eyes, my goldfish flipped back around and started swimming around the bowl animatedly. And thank you very muchos for reading my story! It's not my best, but I hope you guys like it anyway. Anyway, enjoy! My winter-boot-clad feet stomped across the cement ground below me as I shivered, making my way back to my house as quickly as I could. I had left the house earlier that day wearing nothing but a thin sweater to warm my torso, a mistake that I was definitely not making again if I could help it. If the couple in front of me were instead a big glowing heater or an electric blanket, I would've been looking at them with the same sense of longing. When I walked back down the stairs, Megan grabbed my arm and pulled me back into the freezing abyss. It was boring and a little frustrating but I got paid, so it was worth it. His name was Zach, and he was extremely attractive, and he didn't even know my name but I already knew what our children were going to be called. Like…there was pretty much a zero percent chance that he would ever go for me. She never was the most kind-hearted person. Just telling him my order as he waited our table as he so often did was good enough for me. He looked to each member of my family, exuding friendliness like no other. Then Zach turned to where I sat and the butterflies erupted in my tummy. Zach thought this was ridiculously funny for some reason. I had heard the home phone ringing too, but chose to ignore it, as well. It was a fun game! I laughed and put it up to my ear, pausing the game so I wouldn't miss anything. I sat up straight. If she really was done being tutored, then that meant I was out of a job. I was trying to save up to buy my own car so I wouldn't have to walk everywhere in the stupid cold all the time, but it seemed that that wasn't going to happen anytime soon. Megan, who was still in my room, obviously eavesdropping, gave me a look. Then her eyes flickered to my computer screen. But there was no way I was actually going to apply there. If I could barely function with Zach as my waiter, how could I deal with him being my coworker? Right? On the other…I was going to be coworkers with Zach! I was told that they would show me the ropes and get me acquainted with the place before my actual first day of work. I was about to ask if they were twins or something when Taylor cut me off. But apparently they were just two people who happened to be very similar in appearance and names. I just hoped he didn't witness me screw up my first attempt at being a maître d. I tried to forget him and focus on the task at hand. Apparently, they weren't expecting me to be so friendly and personable on my first try. Taylor whispered to me that table 26 was free, one in the front left of the restaurant. I said with a smile. I was scared that he would recognize me as the girl who always ordered a crispy chicken sandwich…or worse, that he wouldn't recognize me at all. He just kept jabbering on about how he'd worked there for six months and still hadn't gotten a raise. she asked. He pulled the menu out of my hands and bent down to take a good look at my face, which caused me to blush an even deeper red than my work shirt. He then turned to my coworkers. That's why I liked him so much. she said easily. I had noticed the similarities between my new friend and my step-sister almost immediately – they were both snarky, headstrong, and brutally honest. My twisted mind sometimes liked to imagine that these instances were double dates, but then I would remember that Zach didn't have a pathetic crush on me like I did on him, and Taylor and Tyler were  But even so, our after-work get-togethers were fun. My family still loved to come to Red Robin for dinner, though, so on days where I wasn't working and he was Megan would propose a trip to the restaurant and we'd go. I was very content with this until I got up to go to the bathroom, and along the way spotted Zach waiting on another table. He was just being a good waiter after all. We left the restaurant and I sulked in the car, ignoring Megan's comments about me taking forever in the bathroom. In the end, I decided on locking him in a room with no food or water until he starved to death. When I asked how many people were in her party, she gave me this look that said,  and when the table I sat her at wasn't one of Zach's, she sneered at me, as if it was my fault. He dropped one just as I came up behind him, causing Taylor to snicker. I noted that his voice did not sound as enthusiastic as it had when I had seen him waiting her table. was all I could think to say. he said quietly, winking. That's when I realized she had done it on purpose. My parents chuckled and followed them after waving goodbye to me. If she was anything like Megan, and she was, then she would not take my teasing lightly. I had been taking the bus home for the past few weeks. It made working easy, but very boring. I briefly wondered why it was being ignored before walking towards table 15. He smiled up at me. It was just a little alarming…especially since he was alone. I wasn't a waitress yet, so I wasn't required to know the menu, but I had a basic knowledge due to my frequent visits. I nodded and placed the food down in front of him. She must have been in the bathroom or something. I mumbled before turning to leave. I asked him anyway. What…? I opened my mouth to ask him as politely as possible for the rest of the night off, expecting him to tell me to get back to work, but he spoke before I could say a word. Like whoa. He even knew what drink I always got. It was a pretty normal occurrence for me wherever he was involved. I didn't think Zach paid that much attention to what I said. He took off his sweatshirt, revealing a green t-shirt that brought out his pretty hazel eyes. I figured he didn't ask me out so I could act like a stuttering fool the whole time, so I tried to keep my composure. It was surreal and a little frightening, but it was perfect. However, when I went to get ready for work, I realized that I didn't have my shirt. Tyler and Taylor were in plain sight, though, and they both looked at my shirt with curiosity. Fortunately for me, I didn't have to worry much longer, because Zach arrived soon after I had. And then, just when I thought he was going to leave, he bent down to whisper something in my ear. I said. I was still a little in denial about the whole Zach-liking-me-back thing. ) were almost always right about him. But at the last minute, she  and told me she couldn't go. I grabbed my boots on the way back to the foyer and slipped them on, hoping they would suffice. I wasn't particularly put off by the fact that Craig now knew we were  I just hoped that my father wasn't telling Zach about how I've been pathetically in love with him for a year. I nodded and followed him out to the driveway, saying a quick goodbye to my dad as I left. I was never very fond of being the center of attention. It was weird. To be honest, I hadn't even realized that the car had stopped. ), I was ready to go home. He didn't let go of my hand until we were seated in our little chair. I had always been afraid of heights…and these kind of swinging contraptions were the absolute worst. He lifted his hand from underneath mine and tucked a flyaway strand of hair behind my ear. It's absolutely exquisite"! Yes, I am. It is the type you cannot live without, its loss make it impossible to breath, and its presence drives you forward. Only for some reason I couldn't bring myself to take that one last step. That behind that heavenly exterior there are hundreds of arguments, and dozens of fights. I should have the first real chapter up by this Sunday I think. Just For A Thrillor the epilogue of MISU. Fun. (Clichéd, much? He also found his muse, a woman named Tenebrae, who was also in the entertainment biz, and whom he married three years later. Apparently. Something like that. I took up one side of the square, Ariella and Eric on another side, Audrey and Bram on another one, and Darien and Tenebrae on another one. But it was okay, since they weren't focusing on it. —too soon. Just gotta wait another five or so light years though. There are classics, like Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter, works by Charles Dickens and even some C.S. Lewis, but though I considered taking his copy of Pride and Prejudice as the embarrassing object, I decided that Jane Austen was something to be considered and appreciated by both sexes, and that he was a smart guy for reading it. Uh oh. The other figure, which I assumed to be the male, climbed onto the bed as well, and I began to hear… erm, sounds that were suggesting sexual themes. (Ewwwwww! Especially right now. I later determined it to be that girl, since its shrillness was not even consistent. Deal. (Probably because it wasn't grunting or sexed up. They made enough to last them and me a lifetime. Deal. -chewyyyyyyyyyy. Thankfully. It was as if it he, Michael, looking at her this way, not his brother, whom they both thought they had known so well. What if he decides to hurt Scarlet as well? He finally broke the comforting sound of nothing. When my brother wrote me a letter six years ago, saying that he had gotten married to a little abolitionist girl during his stay in Boston, I overlooked it, thinking you were a fool. He was always the weak one between us. So what am I to do with you? . She slumped in the chair, her eyes fluttering closed. The moon was full, casting light over the plantation. But it was a hateful love, a jealous, possessive love. A beautiful Thoroughbred, with a shiny coat that was a cross between black and dark brown, who stood sixteen hands high. A high bridge was above it, and he stopped on it. He forced her mouth open with his tongue and kissed her deeper than before. She knew that wherever it was, it was far away from anyone who could help her. She bit down as hard as she could. She was a unconscious once more, her body going limp in his arms. He didn't bother with her shoes or stockings. He took her the only way that he could now. He disregarded any feelings of regret. He sat down next to her and drew her into his arms. But some pesky year nines had stolen my seat and I had nowhere else to sit. They'd laugh and I'd be without a seat. This one was stolen from me too. I put my hand out. I hoped he'd to smile but the only gesture I received was him sitting next to me. I tried not to grin when I turned to him. I turned slowly towards him, keeping my grin under control. The librarian saw him and frowned but he took no notice. I wanted to know it but wouldn't let on. I sat in the same place every morning and he did too. And they just laughed amongst themselves. But it was extremely hard to ignore that person when they whisked my book out of my hand and then sat next to me. he said. It had been getting boring anyway. but was he serious? Besides, the sentence sound kind of clumsy, like he was nervous, and Max just didn't get nervous. I enjoyed writing it so I hope you guys enjoy reading it. Hope the story makes up for it? – then it was not something that stood out in her mind. But it seemed he had not been lying when he said he was interested, for the wedding was nearly fully planned and seemed to be unfolding the way she had been told it would. It was driving her mad. Her two younger sisters did not want to have anything to do with weapons and were content to spend their days embroidering and sewing and reading books and other things that real princesses were supposed to be doing. God forbid someone see her legs! But no one believed that. She actually thought it made him look a little hot – but that was probably just because she liked facial hair on a guy. She silently tilted her head to show the bun then grabbed her usual practice sword and stalked to the middle of the room to start the session. She was pretty sure that was why she ended up cracking his nose with the edge of the guard. She was sure that was why he was going easy today and she nearly snarled at him. It was not like he said fuck or bitch or a whole string of swearing. He leaned against the trunk below her. She was looking down at him when he looked up smiling at her. All she still wanted to do was whack him with her sword some more. But she was a princess and that was just so unbecoming of a female member of the blue blood. And, when she really thought about it, it was a crazy idea because he was nearly as much of a stranger to her as her future husband. I say possibly because our school kind of frowns upon the kissing at our dances; people generally just end up doing it anyway (or so I've heard). Again. I actually look like a girl, a pretty girl even. Luckily I don't care so much what people – who don't even know me – think or otherwise they'd have my skates shoved up their ass. I think about it a lot. Yeah I think I'll wait right here. She'd probably be at it for an entire day and still not be finished. Because while her expression says sympathetic the glint in her eyes says ha-ha. That is unless it has to do with the skate park, or anything like the skate park. He genuinely doesn't seem to know what he's done wrong. What's even worse is that every ten minutes Lonely Girl has come over to 'check up on me' and ninety-nine percent of the time it's accompanied by a bear hug filled with 'all her love'. Even the guys. I have to get out of here and home before I take it out on someone that doesn't deserve it, instead of my boyfriend who does. Oh, is he going to regret it. It hurts. The sides of his lips are twitching further and further down and he turns his pained eyes away from mine, not being able to look at me any longer. Squeezing my eyes shut I hug my skates to my chest and turn around. It can't get any worse. I guess that's my fault for staying in bed for three days straight, watching TV and playing video games with my little brother when he's around. I like being in my own presence, in my own dirty clothes with my own lack thereof makeup and good hair products. Speaking of which, they're knocking on the bathroom door right now. It's not wise to go against the grain. What the hell. He even spit on his shoe before slamming the door. She has broken both girl and cousin code. Because what's a naked girl to a wooden board on wheels? It's time he learns that words aren't enough anymore. Though I haven't been doing much work – crafting picture frames for my mum to sell in her Photoshop whilst watching TV isn't exactly sweat inducing. The only thing we're going to be doing is arguing. It's not like he's going to change. I like him enough to have put up with this for so long. But not in here. He ushers me out and closes it behind us. Time for freedom. Reminds me of me, tired for waiting for a stupid boy. He just shrugged and invited me inside. He's always talking about stupid stuff, making everything into a joke. What have I done? He looks like I just told him I ran over his dog (another thing along with his skateboard that he likes more than me). I frown at them and start walking even faster towards my front door. We're done. My mum is such a saint and unluckily for me because now I have to spend the entire day dodging Emerson, who definitely still thinks – wrongly so – that we're still going out. Being with him is self-destructive. He wouldn't be able to help it. I can't be blamed for being human. But then, what is a good reason? He can find me, he can talk, he can do whatever he likes – but unless he finds that holy grail of a good reason then I am not going to listen. I don't want to be a part of any scheme he's come up with anymore and I am not going to cooperate. I'd have better luck beating them out of the way. But wouldn't they have to get that in the first place to be able to threaten me with it? She just doesn't understand the rules. I'm going to let them all have it. I mean he may have done you wrong, but you have done us wrong by unleashing a whole world of Single Emerson hell on us. Some friends they are. I'm a skater chick; I'm used to jumping off of things. I can give my cousin that lecture she's got coming and I can sit down and watch more episodes of That 70s Show. Soon it'll be too late to go back, so why aren't I jumping? No matter how much I like him I still don't want to go in there. I've told him time and time again that it's bad for his eyes but he keeps on doing it. Although Lonely Girl doesn't generally go by the term 'gossip' she calls it 'checking in' to 'make sure I'm okay'. Although she swears she feels sorry for me whenever I've brought it up – who wants someone else's saliva in their mouth, gross? With her watching me, just waiting for me to back out and skate home – I have to go in there. I wonder if he'll hear me knock. On the other side of the room is a refreshment table covered in punch bowls and plates of chips. After a moment of staring it lights up and the door closes behind me. It's got to be something really bad. It's really starting to bug me. I'm not going to forgive him if he's done that. Those three words made my life. Yet they're all not enough to describe the way I'm feeling. I love you so much – but if you ever stand me up again I'm not going to forgive you. Time for someone else to get frustrated. Check it. If you would like to see pics and bios of the main characters just go to my profile and click on CAST OF CHARACTERS. she mumbled under her breath. Her father taught her at an early age to be tough and to trust no one, but her immediate family. At the Avery Whitman housing projects in Brentwood, an urban district of Detroit, there had been barely a blade of grass to be seen, unless you counted the weeds that sprouted up between cracks in the sidewalks. Horses too! Of course, those horses had been wearing pink tutus and standing on their hind hooves twirling in circles, but dancing horses or not, she still couldn't help staring at them in awe just as she was doing now. So much for fresh air. The smell was trapped inside the cabin of the truck now. Here Charlene, take two whiffs of horse shit and call me when you forget about your brother getting capped and being forced to leave behind everyone and everything you care about. Instead, she crossed her arms over her chest and glared out the window. That look just wasn't fly on anybody, not even an old lady. She couldn't bring herself to finish the sentence. That wasn't asking for much. And she most definitely didn't want to sing in front of them. As far as Charlene was concerned, her singing days had died the moment they put Darnell in the ground. I'll just keep to myself and bide my time while I'm here. Haven't they ever heard of McDonald's? She did not see a speck of dirt or trash anywhere and there weren't any drunks hanging on any of the street corners. Setting adjacent to it was a football field surrounded by a narrow four lane track and rows of tall bleachers. By the looks of things Charlene didn't imagine there being more than 600 students at best in a school of its size. Jessie Jackson, a black man, was actually running for president and her poor grandmother was still picking up after 'Massa'. Charlene observed a group of students entering the building just as she and her grandmother made their way towards the school. Probably don't even know Jim Crow went out with the sixties. That's probably because it's out being cleaned. So far, she'd seen nothing that held her interest until she came across the glass trophy case setting outside the principal's office. At the very least the track team is. It made her want to look deeper, beyond the black and white photo. Jumping at any sound that resembled a gunshot. She would just have to remember to keep her guard up. She wondered how many more changes she'd have to endure before her life was under control again. Enjoy! Satisfied? You know what I mean? I am at an average size, I don't know my exact height, but I don't tower over anyone. ? Of course, this is caused by the sound of running water from the adjoining bathroom where currently a very pretty and too-sexy-for-her-own-good, total babe is shampooing. I'll come back to you later. Anyway, I will introduce myself, whether you like it or not, Sugar. Bye kids! And there were plenty. Half the time I didn't even know where things were going until they got there. Not to mention he's making a profit off of it. I hope that someday I will be able to post a new story, this time copyrighted, and stun all your beautiful heads into loving it as much as you loved Broken Clocks, Nico, and Mia. Especially when a reality show is recording every move they make. Thanks. He represented everything Kendall loathed about Hollywood. And Devon, the gorgeous, sandy-haired, blue eyed, Hollywood-bred boy that he was, was a hit like his mother. At seventeen, he already had three teen movies under his belt, and had already signed up for a fourth that would begin filming in a few short months. Whether those children were celebrities, children of celebrities, or children of other Hollywood workers, the school offered excellent learning capabilities with its off-campus classes and tutoring options. Other than a few snide comments passed between their groups during school, the two rarely spoke to each other. But neither had any desire to get to know the other better. While she constantly verbally assaulted him and his friends for almost every comment they made within her hearing distance, he couldn't deny the fact that Kendall Klein was indeed, a very pretty girl. And running track had left her with a thin, athletic body that many boys in their school frequently commented on. Although she enjoyed the creative process behind creating a movie, she had learned at a young age how disrespectful and conceited many actors could be, and she had despised most of them since, especially Devon's crew of celebrity students. He tightened his hold on her arms and lowered his lips to hers. The next day, they expected to feel awkward around each other, but instead, when they met up in the dining hall the following morning, all either could think of was being alone with the other. Many times, they would spend hours just cuddling, keeping each other warm, and talking about anything and everything. But, school started back up in a month, and they would likely have several classes together, like normal. He pressed his body to hers and captured her lips in a slow, sensual kiss that left Kendall blissfully warm and fuzzy for days to come. What was he doing here? As he did so, he soon found himself face to face, or more so face to chest, with a small Japanese girl. Harumi had given birth to a gorgeous little boy, one they had named Sang Ho. Sang (now sixteen) gave his little brothers noogies and the girl's laughed at their father pacing up and down the hallway. Those traits could probably be traced back to their ancestors, when they had been at the head of their own clan in the Scottish Highlands. Not to Duncan. Then when Kiera was properly unsettled and her face flushed, his deep, silken smooth voice rumbled something about possession being nine tenths of the law. Usually when he got close like he was at that moment, Kiera could only smell his soap and another scent which she had identified as Duncan. She would be damned before she became another conquest of the town playboy. I inhaled the cold air that escaped the world as my eyes absorbed the pavement before me; its hypnotic pattern moved underneath my car and I blankly followed its white lines and yellow dashes. I was aware of every cold breath of air the dented to white silk and it made me grimace in my discomfort. Flashing lights met my eyes. A small smile crept along my lips. This quiet, dreary stillness would have its hold on us all indefinitely. The grey fog seemed to whisper over the road and despite the heat blowing across my skin, a chill crept along my spine. My fists squeezed a little tighter. Or perhaps I should just dart into the bathroom before I have the waitress seat me. I finally remembered where I was at. The Alaskan river sat patiently ahead as I slowly got closer to the color and left the grey and wet world behind. My finger pressed the answer key but I never even had a chance to speak. The red lights began to disappear in the thick air. I slowly finished. The quietness around had once again engulfed me. Black ice mirrored our flight. Its intense odor sunk down, deep into my lungs. The steering wheel jerked against my hands, as my car spun to the side. I prayed in my head, begging whoever to let me live, begging for all the jerking and wrenching to stop as I felt the car hit the walls and roll against them. And then, a beautiful thing happened. The oxygen made its way down to my burning lungs and ached itself into them, soothing the pain. I blinked back the pain and looked around to survey the damage. I didn't have the guts to lift my clothing and inspect the damaged flesh I knew to be underneath. A small stray strand of light gleamed up into my eyes, and I squinted away from the delicate sheen, only glancing back when my pupils were well hidden behind strained eyelids. My stomach was tense and I sucked in a couple of deep breaths, coaxing my food to stay down. Pieces of glass and metal stabbed through my palms and through the muscle below my kneecap and I cringed in pain as I desperately reached for the opening. His jaw was clenched together in fear and surprise as he watched me staring up at him. No one moved but their eyes danced between me and other points behind me, and it only seemed fair that my ears followed their annotations and I picked up a distinct hiss coming from behind me. I looked forward again as I watched those people; this time comprehending more as their mouths shouted those painful echoes into my skull. He hesitantly stepped towards me and screamed it again. They stuck out now, broken and mangled, and creaked and groaned as bits of rock tumbled off the edge or through one of the openings. Get out now. so I will crawl, I thought shakily, as I lowered my body and began to move forward. . and that's when the shock wave of pain hit my ears. My eyes glanced up to approaching beaconing lights; the reds and the blues encircling the man as he darted out of his car, his brown eyes now visible without the glasses. And it was as my body went into free fall, some of my hearing returned and I recognized the scream of a woman in the distance, her cry louder than the any of the rest. A cry that I could recognize being just like my mother's would; seeing a child fall to her death. perhaps another explosion. A pained expression went across Alex's face; he then knew to let it go. Steven made to look, but he was saved the movement by seeing the chair to his right get pulled out. His shirt was a bright pink polo, and it matched the pink Vans he had on his feet. His grin only got bigger when he saw Steven blush. Steven smirked at Alex's look. Brandon looked absolutely livid. Alex and Steven just rolled their eyes, but Brandon said nothing. Finally, after several moments of the staring contest, Aiden turned his head away from Brandon and looked up at the ceiling. Please review and tell me what you think. Could one stormy night alone in her bedroom really change all that? His position at the foot of it was uncomfortable, but Reese had said she didn't want to risk being able to see the answers. However, as the skies had darkened with both the hours and the storm, there was no sense in trying to go on. Essentially, that had meant Evan was not allowed to spend the night, regardless of their strictly platonic relationship. It was common knowledge that Reese Carmichael hated thunderstorms almost as much as Evan Anderson hated cats. She turned to grab her PJs from the dresser that had been situated in the midst of her enormous closet. He shook his head and then pulled her laptop off the desk. Luckily, her candles hadn't burned out yet so she wasn't completely blinded by the darkness of the storm. His long, lean frame was scrunched up beside her and Reese smiled softly at him. The frame swung off balance and fell loudly onto the wood of the table. It was simply another testament to her long history with him. Reese was six months younger than her best friend but they were both in the same grade and had always been inseparable. He was also the only boy in elementary school whom Reese had been utterly convinced did not have cooties. But the problem was that there was nothing for them to do in the darkness created by the raging storm outside. There was no way she'd let Evan leave now; he lived almost twenty minutes away. He let out a grunt, barely catching Reese before her elbow landed on his crotch. But Evan wasn't one to give up so easily. Evan caught a strand and tugged at it gently. But that was enough time for Reese to flip their positions; living with three brothers and being constantly around star soccer player Evan Anderson had ensured that she was no fragile flower. She peered up at her best friend with innocent green eyes and only then realized their position. Her face must have shown her confusion because Evan pulled her even closer. Her heart began to pound steadily faster when Evan made no move to look away. Reese could feel his heart pounding in time with hers. He'd had his fair share of experience with girls, but his best friend took the prize as the sexiest and best he'd ever had. Now, she was taller than him and he was forced to lean up. And he was fairly certain, from the way she reacted to his touches, that Reese felt the same way. And while getting used to the idea of looking at Evan in a way different than she had been for seventeen years would take a while, Reese was most certainly up to the challenge. I knew I hadn't had too much time for Hans, but it had to be like that. It was unique! Or was I just used to be with him? The coffee shop was crowded and the noise was becoming unbearable. He didn't know who was he messing up with! I expected he would get it the next day. I knocked on her door and waited for her reply. I bit my lower lip and shook my head. She opened a folder and looked up at me. . I already knew languages and French was my other mother tongue! Two months out of Germany, two months alone to forget about Hans, to forget about faculty and to think about what to do with my life! We waited in silence. I left the pen on the desk and leaned back on my chair. What else could a twenty-two years old girl wish for? Would I be working for high politicians, presidents, artists? ! I felt like a plain brunette going to a bar to take some shots of tequila and then go home. I had always thought she was a bit pathetic, and I was sure I was being punished for being so mean towards her. Anne and Rikke exchanged a look. Could it get any worse? . Which, if I didn't hate him so much, might have impressed me. I wasn't expecting anything back, so when my screen flashed a few seconds later, I was surprised. It was all supposed to be a joke. The perfect way to get back at Cybill. He was that gorgeous. Turns out, she really didn't need my help to do that. At the time, I'd actually been offended for her. No matter what I'd made him believe, I was still absolutely smitten with him. I sighed and was about to hang up when I heard his voice. My palms were sweaty and I felt dizzy. Why should he help the girl who'd incessantly rejected him? I opened the door with sweaty palms and stood there, marveling at how much he'd aged since I'd seen him last. he finally said when his eyes met mine. I'd worn my light brown hair down in loose waves around my face and highlighted my green eyes with some simple eye makeup. I whispered. I was keenly aware of his eyes as they traveled over my body, but I was surprised when I noticed him blush and turn his face away from me. Maybe this had been a better idea than I thought. he said, clinking his small glass with mine. I cringed as I sucked feverishly at the lime perched on the side of my glass and he laughed. I felt the tequila raising my body temperature and I glanced up at Brooks. She smirked as she approached me. I shook my head. She was surprised, all right. he said, smiling at me. I smiled up at him in an attempt to look like a fool in love but was completely taken off guard when Brooks kissed me. he said, panting slightly, never taking his eyes from mine. she said, teeth clenched. He pointed to his sister, who was fuming. I turned on my heels, grabbed Brooks by the arm, and pulled him out of the club. He nodded and stood, wobbling slightly before he offered his hand to me. I asked. He laughed. I'd never been kissed like that before, so passionately and with so much feeling. Could he really be as cold and insensitive as Cybill? I rolled my eyes and washed the goo off of my hands, then went to answer the door. I must have been pretty revolting in the morning. he said, motioning with his hands. I asked, looking up at him. he whispered, placing his hand behind my head and kissing me softly. ! I moved in to the apartment building after I graduated from college. Not Candy. He's completely harmless, though, so I've never done anything like file a report, but he's been really getting on my nerves. I paused to keep the pained look off of my face. We were about to leave for the work party and I was feeling nervous. Max Lawson wasn't charming, and he wasn't datable. I don't know how many times I heard  when they found out we were neighbors. I experienced that slightly panicked feeling again. It had to be because of the act we were doing. And Max was…not. We danced in silence to the song for a little while. He moved them to my ear and said,  in explanation. Did he know what effect he was having on me? I could have slapped myself. I was pressed against his very nice body, after all. Was he doing this to me on purpose? I asked him. I later blamed the alcohol. I don't know why I didn't, but I knew that if I did I would surely be miserable for the rest my life. He slid his hand back up my arm, over my shoulder, along my jaw, and softly cupped my cheek. I couldn't think about anything but how desperately I wanted him. It took approximately four minutes for me to get my breathing under control and my mind to come back to me. I felt dizzy and there were butterflies in my stomach. Plus, he can't be very thrilled with me for running out on him this morning. I didn't have to tell him I loved him, but I had to at least apologize for the way I acted. I mentally slapped myself, told myself to suck it up, and knocked. He sounded pleasant, but I could tell that was an act. I whispered. Please review, I'd love to hear what you think of it! They'd been roomies for over a year now and had been almost inseparable as friends since their first day at college last September. There had been rumours about a lecturer too, but they were just rumours. The only one he didn't leave in a sexually ecstatic wake was Danny, who, probably due to his closeness to the light, was immune to the charms. He had a surfer physique and an easy manner that made every girl within a six mile radius swoon and follow him as if they were under a spell. Tristan's nickname for Danny was equally as derogatory, and equally no one else would have dared refer to him as a Jock Strap to his face. They had gone all out on this one and even waxed their legs. The eye shadow high lighted Tristan's deep blue eyes and they were framed by the longest lashes Danny had ever seen even with mascara. Especially if it's a monday morning. Beep. As soon as I got hold of it, without thinking and in annoyance, I raise my arm in an attempt to throw it while I sat up on my bed. Last time I tried, she pulled me down the staircase herself. I rolled my eyes and she shook her head but continued searching for her precious spatula as I ran for the door. The familiar green pick-up truck strategicaly stopped on my way and I knew just who was behind the wheels. a week ago"? I love my best friend. People were buzzing about, gawking about something. I'm guessing she forgot to bring her books to school again. How adorable. I don't know how many times I gave them suplexes and slapped their affable faces in my head. We might never know what she naturally looks like but the surface at the moment shows a pretty face. You don't lie about those things when almost everyone in the school hanged out with you when you were a kid and you had flaming red hair. She's being sarcastic! It's better that way, I'll save myself from disappointment but him coming form the big city sounded interesting. Afterall, she's the girl who went to my 14th birthday party half dressed up and half in pajamas because apparently, she though she already changed out of her pajamas bottom. Seriously, she needs to eat more beans. Good thing it lived on. The rays of the sun made the car appear blinding as the light reflected in every direction. I'd love to hear from you! I go to Mesa Verde High School as a senior, but in the next three months I'm sure I'll live somewhere else. I, my friends, am running from the inevitable, but damn me if I don't try. Very fucking loud. She's nice. Very large oil companies. I got my iPod out of my pocket, put the ear buds in, turned on my tunes, and got ready for my walk, until I ran right into someone. I wouldn't have been here for three weeks. Either way, I was staying away from this guy. He seemed nice enough, but so did Ayrick. I used to daydream all the time about setting them up and listening in on what I was sure would be deep and profound conversations about love and barbaric yawps and wistful men who looked at the days. Now, that was a couple with abandonment issues. Plenty. And my hair always followed me in this giant cloud of annoying. Val had this strange desire to avoid any remotely caloric presence, including but not limited to: chocolate bars, mashed potatoes, and ice cream. I just didn't try to solve them. And I'd also be getting good exercise, considering the three flights of stairs I'd just climbed to get here. As long as I didn't look at them, it wouldn't settle in. A barbed wire tattoo wound around his neck, and I suspected that he had a motorcycle. Apparently, she'd scared off everyone else too, since she was the only one sitting in the center of the room. They all looked thrilled. He looked more like a Rage or Killer, even as he smiled at whoever was standing across the doorway. I automatically hated the guy he was talking to for ruining the first couple minutes of my experience in the class, though I couldn't hate his face since I couldn't see it yet. No, I was sitting in a grassy meadow with fluffy clouds swathing the sky and butterflies fluttering on the breeze, the melody of the scratchy of pens and pencil points against paper a pleasant buzz that accompanied that of the bees. Squeaaaaaaaaaak. Unzipping my pencil bag, I shook out two pieces of it into my hand. I wriggled in embarrassment. I noticed that her eyes, instead of being a classic brown, were a piercing, arctic blue. I asked. The squeaking from Pigtails had abated, and I sighed happily as I got lost in the images of blood and guillotines. This guy had obviously been hovering over my shoulder for a while now. Hating it would be akin to taking a sledgehammer to Michelangelo's David's head. know-howtouse(a typewriter) under a portrait of E.E. Cummings. He knew Oscar Wilde, and therefore by the rules of canon literature he did not deserve just any typical rejection. I said, trying to send him some sort of smile that would say, it's not you, it's totally me, but I probably looked more like a chipmunk that had overdosed on nuts. Walking across the street was dangerous. I haven't had the misfortune yet, myself, but I've come close a few times. You would have no place to go—well, maybe the desert? You would think that would be enough, wouldn't you? Yet. His hair was cropped short and brown, but with all of the soot and dirt in it right now it very well could have been blonde. Or hold a pissing contest. There were so many things it could get caught on. That was how Glue-Man sounded. If the villain's subsequent manic giggling meant anything, it tickled. Bronco's entire arm was being absorbed, and Glue-Man was working his way to the young orange-and-white-and-blue hero's neck. With the absence of a consciousness directing it, the adhesive he produced dissipated completely, leaving the two young heroes panting and straightening their shoulders, staring triumphantly down at a thin, balding figure with spindly arms and legs that was once Glue-Man. What does that tell you? Yet, here she was, texting her friends about every cute guy she saw, exactly like a teenage girl. Perhaps a horror movie wasn't the best background noise for romance fiction, but it was something other than stagnant silence. Normally she leaned more towards the slow, romantic stories with a storyline, but tonight her hormones drove her towards something quick and raunchy. Though, she didn't because she knew it would be nowhere near as satisfying as her mind lead her to believe. Imagining herself as the submissive human in the story made her breath grow shallow. Mind still lost in deep thought about the erotic story she just read, she only watched the motion on the TV screen, but didn't focus on anything that was happening in the movie. The fact that they were dangerous just made her mind run wild with fantasies, some more depraved than others. Surely there would be at least some author on the web who shared her fascination, and wrote stories about them. It felt a bit like a darker version of an innocent  guide. I AM SERIOUS. She skimmed over all of that, and then the additional warnings, the do's and don'ts, and - you guessed it - even more strongly worded warnings. She was sure she would feel just plain ridiculous if she did do it, especially when, inevitably, it wouldn't work. There is no way, she thought, that any of these people actually managed to summon a real life Incubus, in flesh. She knew that if she continued on this way, she would truly begin to believe that her sexual salvation could come from 5 burning candles and an incantation spoken multiple times. Football: it was the reason I was there. And yummy chocolates were definitely (yummy) candy, even if they were packaged in glossy pink boxes with red bows. And Hello Kitty winked; she swore it did! he finished, and his eyes were twinkling. . he inquired over the clinking of nickels in the plastic donation box. The conversation was getting a little hard to follow, but she decided it was better to leave him in the dark than to have him fully comprehend the idiocy of her words. He leaned his chin on his palm in exaggerated curiosity. she answered honestly. But she shushed it because she was listening to what he was saying. she remarked to herself off-handedly. he inquired, and his voice was pained. she looked at him suspiciously. She looked at him evenly, hiding her nervousness with an upturned chin and determined eyes. she laughed hysterically. she turned around, flustered. He was right on her tail—holding her groceries. he continued, leaning down to whisper to her. She wasn't sure if she wanted to see him again. Huge white teddy bears, heart-shaped balloons, dozens of red and white roses; and she wondered if people preferred those things over chocolate. She didn't know his name, but he invaded her thoughts anyway. Poor kid. She wondered if he was lying; that blonde was giggling quite loudly. She waited patiently for the conversation to continue, before she digested what he said. He certainly lost dexterity points for that. All he wanted was a chance to flirt with another female customer, and all she wanted was to pay for her groceries and go home. he murmured, and she grinned as she saw the pink Hello Kitty sticker pad he pulled from his back pocket. And the customary  held infinitely more sincerity than it ever had before. Was he serious? Shut up. At five-thirty in the morning. Happy Valentine's Day, dude(ttes)! It was as bad as getting murdered or pregnant or both. Bianca said. The familiar bloodshot logo of Extermination Overdrive: Ultra Apocalypse Nightmare signalled the load to multiplayer. she said. She cackled. Her life was saturated with video games and that was how she liked it. It didn't matter, anyways, she was going to Vancouver soon, where there would surely be other people as weird as her who would want to date her. Not like real life. she said breathily. Eliot always hit on every single girl they encountered just out of principle. she tried. Eliot snapped her scissors shut and frowned. Bianca reached up to touch it, shocked to her very core. You'll hear from them, too. I'm very proud of that. You must be Alex. Terry:So, I bet Alex has already introduced Telran Academy for you, right? So there. Anyway, I can still remember the first time I met Alex and Jason. We'll get into that later, I suppose. well, I dunno. You must be Alex. . And what do you think of them? I remember when I first met them. . hurt? . . I'm new here. Why don't you have a seat next to Mr. Marcus? Mr. Jenkins coaxed. . . Okay. You are only eighteen years old! He hated when I did that. Sounds fun, right? And now look where it got me. But, in my case, forced is the word. But, I guess that's the side effects of dying your hair one hundred too many times. With too rosy cheeks and too thick eyeliner, it was just repulsive and unattractive. An elegant elderly woman stood in front of the twenty five of us girls on the large staircase. I have seen it all before, as in to say that I know from experience. A symphony of 'Oh my God, he is so hot' and 'He's gorgeous' echoed around the room, bringing an arrogant smile to his lips. Literally. Pink (gags slightly) comforters with flowered pillows covered each bed. I unpacked my things. I shut the door behind me and started changing, slipping off my sneakers and pulling off my jeans one leg at time. You know, the smart ass rabbit? I'm writing for the HITS contest, and reviews are highly appreciated. ;) (No pressure! She arrived right on time, as she was never late for anything and drove us to this teen club called  Why they named it that, I will never know and do not want to know. Disgusting. I couldn't see the third one, the drummer I'm guessing. To whatever gay god that was up there, please, please let this drummer be gay. His beautiful sapphire eyes were closed as he let the chords from the instruments echo in his ears. I should be used to it by now since that genre of clothing had become her permanent attire. I could not help but capture another glance at him as he started to disassemble his drum set. I was just getting back to sleep when I felt a hundred pounds on me and something wet on my face. I tried a several failed attempts to push her off me. There was no way I am going to sign up for a class before noon when I get to college. I still have a thing for him, but I know my chances are slim. If it is meant to be then it'll happen. I was still the same person, just with a bigger bra size and straighter hair. It would be nice if I could finally get his attention. If Holly had a 'feeling' it would work, I'd give it a try. Why did I let Holly talk me into this? Why should he when he can have his pick of any girl. Not even for Brandon. I decided to give him a piece of my mind. How rude, I wasn't going to take that. Besides he hit me. Though I had to admit he looked hot when he was upset. What's sad is that we've been going to school together since kindergarten. Two can play at that game. I wish I could say the same for my car. Please Review and tell me what you think! Everyone is merry and everyone in bright. She tugs upon her skirt. She pats her head. She leaves her mother to her chores and returns to the other children. Lancia smiles, noticing the familiar black eye patch. He grins his mischievous grin. Raven sets down Lancia and walks to the center of the room. The children stare at the large packages. He steps away with the key. He folds up the box around her. Then he pulls it from the ballerina man's back and steps away. . The young babes' eyes widen with wonder as they crowd the mysterious Raven. She looks up at her godfather. . She ponders the nutcracker's face. A distressed look comes over her face. It hits the wooden floor boards with a loud crack. Her mother sighs. He kneels down by the broken nutcracker. He sits upon the edge of the child's bed. The golden haired child cradles the nutcracker to her chest. Raven kisses her forehead then stands. Before long, she falls asleep holding the nutcracker in her arms. Her blue eyes widen as she sits up with a start. looking very magical. Lancia stares at the top of the clock. a big ball of green fluff. Lancia looks to herself. Lancia shrieks upon seeing the green rat. Her blue eyes widen when she notices what is causing the scratching. The rat squeaks in protest and glares at Lancia. But her blue orbs widen when she notices another source of movement. She screeches and attacks the nutcracker. . and even the nutcracker stare momentarily. The rats fall over laughing. He glares at them and their aching sides. Her gold crown is left upon the floor. The young child looks up at the nutcracker with tears in his eyes. Then he picks up the little boy in his arms. They both disappear into the darkness. The golden haired boy leans his head back, catching the sweet sugar in his mouth. He then looks down. He turns to the nutcracker. The little child cannot help but stare at the nutcracker. Lance looks Tybalt up and down. They cross the candied bridge and into the castle. Eloquently dressed guests dance about on the large ballroom floor. He finishes his fill of sugar and pouts. He has grown. The young man's face turns a tint pinker. The guests stop dancing and clear the floor. The guests clap when the chocolate two finish their dance. She soon finishes her act and slinks from the floor. The two Chinese people take their bows, then hop back into their tea pot to be pushed off the floor. The blushing one swallows and pulls his leg away gently. He takes Lance's hand once more and pulls the shorter man to his feet. The other guests watch them quietly. the faces all meld together. the world slowly begins to stop spinning. clearly shed while dancing. . His fingers begin unbuttoning the front of Lance's pants. . Lance leans his head into the touch, shutting his eyes once more. He smiles quite happily. . . and a bit sticky. Once more their pants were the only clothes keeping them from one another. Lance gasps loudly as the familiar, warm lips kiss along his length. . Lance shivers once more. It causes him to flush and look away. He moans more into his mate's warm mouth. Ignoring his injured tongue, he nuzzles the shaking Lance. Tybalt captures his lips once more, kissing him comfortingly. but he can tell. This he makes clear through his vocalizing and arousing kisses whenever he can place them to his mate's delicious lips. Lance nuzzles his head under Tybalt's chin, inhaling deeply. . He swallows hard in remembrance. The nutcracker is gone. His mother walks over to the bed and rests her hand on his head. He looks up at his mother sternly. She looks very shocked. She gently rests her hands upon Lance. She smiles and stands up, holding her son in her arms. His mother sets him down. She approaches the door. He looks down. Lance stares at him. The younger boy blushes further. He smiles up at Lance. Raven and the mother watch the children go up the stairs. . Somehow his conversation with Scott had turned in a direction he hadn't foreseen. Only working for just over six months, Gavin had received his first promotion, securing him a dependable job and granting him a reasonable salary; a generous one given his age. He really ought to be more positive after receiving a promotion. He hadn't even needed to pay for a single drink that night. She'd cried, shouted, begged for more sufficient reasons, but by that night she'd given up and allowed her wannabe-bed-ridden self to be dragged to a bar her friends frequented just a quarter mile off their city-side college campus-a bar that (of course) served to minors. what else was Kyle looking for? He'll make some bimbo very happy some day. His job occupied most of his time and when he wasn't working, he spent time with Scott watching whatever sports were readily available or they went drinking together. While annoyed, Gavin knew he had no right to be angry with anyone other than himself and he lifted the glass to drain half of it in a long gulp in an attempt to dismiss his trivial thoughts and focus on nothing since his promotion brought him no joy. Yet one question remained in her thoughts: Why was he alone? Whatever his choice, he had a feeling sleeping pills would be involved. Samantha and Kayley briefly fell silent as they realized what (or who, rather) had caught their friend's attention and they didn't bother to question it, merely relieved she was approaching someone at all. she leaned closer and spoke up as she came to a stop beside the stool next to his,  Her smile widened as she spoke, her drink cradled in hand, yet despite her collected appearance, she was teetering on the edge of being a little more than tipsy. She was attractive and forward and Gavin was well aware he could use a distraction. she questioned quietly, tilting her head slightly while she watched him with a smaller but interested (not to mention alcohol-laden) smile. He was certain he didn't seem like the most approachable person there with his uncertain and depressed aura, but he supposed she'd had a few drinks and was focusing more on other things. -it was only fair to pose the question in return. His posture told all-perhaps a long day at work, judging by his clothing? Her seemingly flawless skin and long blonde hair were certainly holding his attention better than the ball game. She was the one that'd approached him after all. Either way, he was keeping Kyle far from her thoughts and she was grateful for it. Unlikely. he spoke up, dismissing his own question with his lingering amused smile. Even if only for one night? Her sudden appearance beside him had sparked his interest and he was easily prepared to leave the bar. Of course it was meant to be playful, but the implication that he'd meant to take her back to his apartment was clear enough. She had neither work nor school the next morning-how could she refuse? He tucked his wallet into his back pocket again, tossing his hair from his eyes as he turned towards her again. Although Gavin prided himself on being a good judge of character and had never had to suffer any unfortunate circumstances from his decisions. Kyle was to be completely forgotten that night. A short glance in the direction of her friends caused him to laugh to himself as he nodded in their direction and slipped out into the cool night air. Again, Gavin pulled the door open for her and allowed Ashlee to slip inside before him, providing the driver with his address as he climbed in after her. Despite the fact that she only went on occasion, she was interested to know how often he frequented there. She was merely his company for the night and the less she knew about his personal life, the better. Ashlee, however, had sought him out and he smiled to himself at the difference. she added challengingly, playfully narrowing her eyes. he added with a low and short laugh as he slid casually and confidently closer to her so the space between them was lessened. . Glancing past him and out his window to see the sign of where the taxi next took a turn, she leaned a bit closer as if struggling to catch what street they were on-a cheap ploy to inch her way closer, but effective regardless. His hand eased her jacket collar away just over an inch to do so, his slow breathing audible as he placed a few feather light kisses against her skin. and she had a good feeling (based on his kiss alone) that he would be able to convince her of anything. There was no sign that Ashlee had changed her mind or was uncomfortable in his presence and he was simply under the assumption that she still wished to accompany him inside as the cab pulled away. she questioned as she eyed the elevator, turning to face him a bit more where she stood. She seemed far too attractive and attentive to be without a boyfriend, but Gavin was merely counting his blessings. Even with the decent distance between them, she could still catch the scent of his cologne and she was certain she wouldn't soon forget such a distinct smell. He had every intention of celebrating his promotion correctly. she mumbled playfully as she eyed him. he voiced, unable to help but mumble his observation as he finally leaned down to her lips. A one night stand was probably the least serious thing she could have been doing when it came to relationships and men in general-she almost wished she could wave it in Kyle's face. It wasn't difficult to simply give in and let whatever was to happen between them happen and letting her instincts take the wheel, she lifted her now-bare arms up to drape loosely around his neck as they kissed, pressing her body gently to his chest on her own. Besides, Gavin was certainly quite persuasive in both looks and demeanor-and definitely a good kisser. He didn't mind at all. He turned with her to cause her to step backwards, making his way to his queen sized bed with her as he leaned down to catch her lips once more without another word. And needless to say, Gavin was certainly serving to make her feel wanted and attractive. Her pulse stayed quick but her nervousness continued to dissipate as she eased her way further onto the bed's cool and soft sheets, part of her still in disbelief of all that was happening. He'd managed to kick his shoes and socks off along the way and as he tossed his hair to lean back down to her lips, Gavin's hand slipped against her side to ease her shirt up slowly. Her lips moved slowly, drawing in a deep breath through her nose as his hand ran up against her side and she arched her back to release the fabric of her shirt that had been pinned to the mattress under her weight. Shifting downward slowly, Gavin continued to inch her shirt upwards until it was bunched just beneath her bra, his lips finding the hollow of her sternum to press his lips against before trailing a slow soft line of kisses downward. She wished she could think of something to say to fill the silence but at the same time, she found herself enjoying the faint sound of his breathing and every rustle of the sheets and their clothing. No sense in getting straight to things when it was obvious they both enjoyed taking their time. What else am I supposed to ramble about in an author's note? Not to mention the few hundred other boys in this school that were not related to her. horrific. . His trademark line still pleased his listeners, but to him the thrill had gone. The door opened and Shannon leaned against the frame, coffee in hand. Maybe the stupid clock was broken. the perky female voice asked. He let his head fall back and flung his arms wide as he belted out the next line. At least, not one particular person known to half the city as Ladybug. When one guy asked her out right there on the air, he hung up on the caller and gathered the nerve to ask her out himself, and she had giggled and said yes. And since then, nothing. He retrieved his chair and sat his butt in it, then with an exaggerated push against the wall he rolled back to his spot, clicking back on in the nick of time. a T-Man, was his roommate, and he couldn't agree more. He decided to risk it. And Travis knew exactly what he was doing. he moaned. he moaned softly. In the quiet he could hear the faint trilling of the phone from Shannon's side of the glass, and he reached out blindly for the button that put the call directly through to him. Do something. I hope you liked it, let me know! However, I recognize that all makes it increasingly difficult to read as the story goes on (and as the word count of the review responses overtake the chapters themselves). No, no, fuck, NO! I hit the breaks, I swerved, I tried, I didn't mean to hit him, this can NOT be happening! He's got to be. I don't. Don't let him be dead. I'm practically sobbing into the phone as I call an ambulance, but I manage to explain what happened. Some part of my mind knows I'm freaking out and being irrational, but it's just not strong enough to be acknowledged at the moment. I think I've settled into a state of numb shock. There had to have been something I could have done to avoid him. I ask the police officers if they know anything, but of course, they don't. All that really means for me right now is they they'll be impounding my car, so either one of my parents needs to come pick me up, or they'll drive me home in a squad car. I take that as a positive sign; the police think he'll be okay, anyway. I love my mother. I decide that I'm going to visit the hospital tomorrow, and find out his fate one way or another. I'm almost surprised that I manage to stay on my feet. So she tells me the room number and directs me how to get there. Leave me alone. They're everyone's favorite couple. Huge, expressive, brilliant green eyes that you could absolutely drown in, fine, sculpted features, a mess of longish, sandy-blonde hair that seems to perfectly frame his face, and the cutest grin ever. Despite being taken, he's the secret crush of the vast majority of our school's female population. Suddenly, I feel very awkward. Even so, that sounded a little harsh. I'm startled into looking back up, however, when Taylor gives a short, bitter laugh. I can't even imagine why he would actually, purposely, try to jump in front of an oncoming car. There are a lot of people at my school who are very accepting of it, thankfully, but there are quite a few who aren't. I can't even imagine what it's like trying to live up to expectations as high as everyone must have for him. How much of what I've, what everyone has known of him, has been a façade? The pain seems to completely vanish from his eyes, and for just a moment, his face is absolutely dead of all emotion. I wonder just how much practice he's had, to be able to fake his expressions so well so quickly. But his emotions, his attitude now absolutely pale in comparison. . I just can't find enough strength to resist. Apparently, they talked to Taylor, who assured them that it was a complete accident and completely his fault. Even though he didn't succeed, his problems are clearly not resolved, and judging from what he said and how he was acting, I think I might be the only person he's ever said a word about it to. Maybe he was thrown off by the fact he actually knew the person who'd been driving the car, and was feeling particularly guilty. And maybe this time, succeed. But I can't stand not doing anything. He's currently surrounding by friends and sycophants who are fawning over his injuries, looking quite like he'd rather be anywhere else, but pretending otherwise. Either way, I appreciate it. Partly because of her weirdness, she's a lot of fun to hang out with. I admit to watching him because I know it'll make Rowen happy. I think they'd both be really weirded out by the thought. Right. Still, it kind of hurts. 'Try' being the operative word. Stuttering like a moron, of course. One that actually looks real, even. Eventually, he does finally speak. I was just… a little surprised. And they have good donuts. Neither of us is paying much attention to our drinks, though; we're quite engaged in conversation. It's easy to see why people flock to Taylor; he's a lot of fun to be around. ' His accent is better than mine, and I tell him so. Seeing him happy kind of makes me happy too. But his comment makes me feel really, really happy inside. I say, more than a little flustered. "I had a lot of fun. It's a cool day out, for mid-September. So, I feel a little awkward, and actually, a little guilty, about all of this. I should stop feeling weird about it and just enjoy the opportunity to be with him. To other guys? Sigh. That resulted in something more like an excited squeal. I said I wouldn't tell anyone; as much as I trust her, that includes Rowen. Mostly because he takes all advanced courses, and while I'm not stupid, I'm just…not quite good enough for harder classes. After all, he will sit, and in fact has sat with just about every group in the cafeteria at some point or another. Definitely a broad range. I'm not completely sure what it means. Even so, I'm still worried. I look at the number on the screen, but I don't immediately recognize it. I'd forgotten I gave him my number. Instead of sitting across from each other, we opted for sitting in chairs next to one another, so we're facing each other at an angle. That, and I've seriously always wondered how it's possible for someone to be as involved as Taylor is. But fuck. I ignore him. His soft-looking, full, half-parted lips. His warm breath whispers on my face, and I can't seem to pull my eyes away from his. She says not to worry, that it happens all the time, and shoos Taylor out of the way for meso she can take care of it herself. Okay, fine, that's a lie, I do. I really don't. Wait, no, let me rephrase, Taylor could pretend that's all it was. The situation had already been complicated enough; maybe it would have been better if yesterday hadn't happened. Is that really expecting too much? And it really hurts. He's even ignoring my phone calls. I probably would have bitten their heads off. Okay, me more so than Archer, because he's already positively thrilled with the idea. And of course, of course. Yeah, well, screw you too. Oh no fucking way. I certainly don't need this, to have to see Taylor be all sickeningly sweet with his girlfriend in some big fake display. I don't think I can. Either way, I'm relieved; it's one thing that I don't have to deal with. But on the other hand, he did completely ignore me for the whole week… and damn it, I really didn't feel like watching his girlfriend hanging all over him. No, it's definitely Taylor I'm still pissed at. I guess I want him to stop being so confused. And if there were a few less issues with all this, I would really be saying that honestly, because damn it, I'm still in love with him. I told him before that he could always talk to me, but then today, I just totally blew him off. And that thought makes me feel worse again, and damn it, I wish my head would just shut up for once. Of all things, I really didn't want to have to deal with that today, too. Either way, I know that's the cause of most of our fights, whether the fight itself has anything to do with the topic or not. Now I'm really not in the mood to deal with the world tonight. But at the same time, maddeningly, I want to talk to him more than anything else. Only this time, somehow, I know it's because of me. A huge understatement. I'm not sure if I should just… forgive him, so easily. I just don't know. I sink to my bedroom floor, leaning against the side of my bad. I have to admit; I never, ever, ever really thought that this would happen. Definitely not. Truthfully, I'm really pleased. As corny as it sounds, being in his arms makes me feel… safe. It's a nice change. Besides, Taylor really wanted to. But really, I don't know if I could face the hatred of the entire school, and that's what I'll probably get if we do things this way. But I still feel the need to add one more thing. I can't help but smile back. I can't describe how special that makes me feel. Then, an odd expression comes over his face; sort of half-worried, half-angry. ' Before I can ask him anything, however, the movie previews start and we stop talking. Still, I feel like it's the best movie I've ever seen. As a result, she's never surprised when she finds out boys are gay, just happy. None of the people in drama really care; I guess it's not a terribly unusual thing to them. And I remember he has a job somewhere, too. Much less spending time with me. But unfortunately, we're still in school. But I can never really bring myself to be truly annoyed by her. this time I almost say 'whose car you ran in front of', but I remember that Rowen and Archer don't know about that part. Wow, I just… never would have imagined. It should be…interesting. I nod, and he adds. As he said to me himself, it's like everything's finally going right in his life. Though I can't say I'm honestly disappointed with his method of persuasion, but we'll leave that for another time. Not that he'd look that bad in a dress himself…anyway, moving on. It's a concern I haven't given much thought to, but I still wonder if he's absolutely sure about this. he says seriously. Even when I liked Taylor before, before all this happened, I just never imagined I could ever feel like this. So our particular costumes, the fact we arrived together, and the fact Taylor has his arm wrapped possessively around me quickly gives rise to speculation. Apparently there are more people like Rowen than I thought. Of them all, Jo has the biggest house, hence the location of the party. The other hand is holding a leash that connects to a collar that is fastened around Archer's neck. On his legs are tight-fitting black leather bondage pants, full of random zippers and complete with all manner of random chains and straps hanging off. She declares. It's rather amusing. he says, nodding his approval. Even Rowen; if she thought I was dating a guy who was no good, she'd make her disapproval pretty clear. Lee, also, makes a great Raoul; his clothes actually look vintage, and I'm quite impressed. I'm not sure I said it quite right, but Taylor understands me anyway. And she's very nice, also, if only to you. And he does seem to get along with them pretty well. It is one of the most awesome games I've ever played. From there we go off on an impromptu a capella chorus, continuing on with a number of other songs we all know. He came up with a hideous costume on purpose; he happily accepts the 'worst costume' award, announcing he's 'never been so happy in his life! It's getting later, I'm comfortable, and quite frankly rather sleepy. We don't need to. Namely all of Taylor's former female groupies. Our school is pretty strict, so at least they can't really get away with much along the lines of physical harassment, but the school just can't fully monitor all verbal abuse. Everyone else seems to think I seduced him, so I figure it's pretty likely that she does too. she amends. It takes me a bit to fully realize what she's just done for Taylor and me. I smile tentatively at her. I still can't fathom how all of this managed to somehow work out, but it has. It also makes me really happy, that he trusts me so much now, and I think being able to unburden his emotions has been a big help for him. He's really anxious about it, now that the season is just about underway. If he doesn't succeed in changing the subject, that is. He's only tentatively accepted my sexuality, and up until now, I've never actually had a boyfriend before. So far, the list has included a park, a random patch of woods, the beach, a local arcade, and quite often, the mall. After that, I feel better. Archer is to my left, Rowen next to him, and Jo is next to Taylor, with Lee to her right. Rather, the loud way. I love him so much. But at the very least, they usually leave him alone whenever he has friends over. Taylor and I are at the edge of one, Taylor leaning on the armrest and me leaning on him. I'm not sure why I bother, as I know they will no matter what I say. He'll just have to deal with that fact. It can't be more than a few hours old. My voice catches a bit on my last sentence, and I realize that I'm almost to the verge of tears. My mother is very accepting of my sexuality, which is a good thing, but she's also far too curious about my personal life. My mother is the  kind of mother. Whatever, as long as the baby pictures go away. The traitor. He tilts his head and presses his lips briefly to mine. I wanted to be there to support Taylor, and even if I don't like basketball, I enjoy watching him play. As the conversation goes on, it's clear that my father now likes Taylor. I don't even want to think about how my life would be without him now. I don't even know how he can tell; sometimes I wonder if he really can, or if he just has an innate sense of the right things to say. But he won't let me. The result of this is that I'm driving myself nearly insane with worry and fear, because I really can't put it out of my mind. At least I recognize that it's hurting me. And that pretty much exhausts my list of good friends, as well as people I'd trust enough to talk to. And I think she'd be willing to talk to me. And maybe she'll know something I don't. I just get the feeling he'd be upset with me if he found out. Awkwardly, I try to express my desires. I almost feel guilty about this fact, but I'm not entirely sure why. I wonder if Lauren's answer will some sort of insight into Taylor's reasoning. Taylor rarely ever talks about his parents. Maybe all of this is the source of Taylor's problems; that would make a lot of sense. To him, it would be like I'm breaking his trust to tell anyone else about something so personal. And by the end of it, she looks almost as worried as I feel. I attempt a weak smile. Taylor's trying to get some of his school works done before a basketball practice he has at three-thirty, and I'm hanging out pretty much just to be with him. He looks the picture of frustrated annoyance. Resting a hand lightly on his arm, I silently try to offer him what little comfort I can. I can only stare at him, probably looking like the proverbial deer in headlights. What right does he have to be so mad, anyway? he says in frustration. I hate that he actually felt like he couldn't deal with me. The hours wear on, though, and I still haven't heard from him. Today was just worse than normal. His father lost his job, and it's been stressful at home for him lately. Maybe he was being unfair, but I should have realized, should have known that it wasn't him, that he was just stressed. Taylor would have apologized, I would have apologized, and we could have moved on with me trying to help him with his problems, rather than becoming one myself. But still… I wish he were here. However, when I finally grab the phone and look at the screen, it's Rowen's number on the display. It's highly unusual for Rowen to ever call me this late; on a school night like tonight, it's unheard of. Why would Archer be at my house? And when he does, he usually goes to Rowen's house. The thought is terrifying. They both know and like Archer, and they wish us luck on finding him. The situation with Archer is more immediately important. I fervently hope that she's calling to say she somehow found Archer already, however unlikely a possibility it seems. I just pray that whatever he says next won't be something to make things worse. And once again, I want him here; I want to touch him, to hold him, to tell him that I'll forgive him for anything… I don't know if it's a healthy attitude, but I know in this instant that I really would forgive him for absolutely anything. He does so all too often, especially recently. And anyway, I'm not completely sure I trust myself to be driving right now. I'm just so damn tired, and I want to be close to Taylor, need the physical contact. Even if we do manage to find Archer, which I'm forcing myself to believe absolutely that we will, I have no idea what's going to happen. I wouldn't have done too well with giving directions. He's asking if I'll make it through this without collapsing, mentally or physically, which I both can and will. In fact, I think I might have, had Rowen not opened the door so quickly. Her eyes are red, and she looks exhausted. Good thing, too, because she looks like she could really use it. She pauses, apparently thinking something through. I don't look away from scanning the street on my side, either. Just because I don't think Archer did go this way doesn't mean I'm going to slack in keeping my eyes open for him. He's gotten quite good at driving one-handed. Sometimes I find myself forgetting how much he's changed in the past few months; for some reason, it's easy to forget the way he was before. Whatever's going on with him, I somehow know that we'll work through it, eventually. Of all of us, she was the most likely to succeed in our venture. Five seconds later, Archer's voice comes over the line. I want to stay with Taylor. I know there's probably a good reason behind that fact. He's a bear of a man who bears a slight resemblance to Taylor. Which, I'm quickly realizing, is a very, very bad thing. And god, but I am trying to disappear. But somehow I don't think he's looking to me; more at me. I don't think he's trying to. I've pretty much gathered that Taylor has never retaliated before, and it doesn't seem like his father is pleased with the turn of events. No, instead, you hate me for no apparent reason, repeatedly insist that I'm worth nothing, scream at me when I dare to do something for myself, and lately, get DRUNK and smack me around as YOUR FUCKING STRESS RELIEF"! I will forever curse myself for not having figured it out sooner, before I witnessed it. But I'm also still terrified and attempting to avoid all notice, so I'm certainly not about to say so. It's more frightening than any of the yelling has been. I glance up at her face, blurry through my still tear-clouded eyes, and judging from the expression on her face, she's ready to give me a lecture. I'm scared and upset and feeling sick and don't want to deal with tender concern directed at me, when I don't even know what's happening, what'sgoing to happen to Taylor. Somehow, that makes me feel ridiculous, and thankfully, that thought gives me a focus, manages to cut through some of my panic. In fact- my eyes widen suddenly. Silently, he returns my embrace, and I can feel that he's shivering even worse than I originally thought. Raising my hand up to his face, I gently swipe my thumb across the blood trail, wiping some of it away. I ask plaintively. If the rest of the blood were wiped away from his lip, it would just look chapped and cracked from the cold. Their only condition is that Taylor sleep in our guest bedroom, which is downstairs, so we'll be on separate floors. We stay like that for a long while, Taylor leaning into my arms, me simply holding him. Meanwhile, I'm trying not to think too hard about anything. But if I don't do something and the situation gets worse, then wouldn't that be betraying him in a different way? He's going to have to present one heck of an argument if he wants to convince me. At the sight of it, my heart melts for what feels like the thousandth time. It makes him look kind of cute. That's not to say I'm not still upset, but I should be able to remain relatively calm throughout this conversation. But he certainly can't stay here indefinitely, so that's pretty unrealistic. I nod, being good and staying silent. he says, turning pleading eyes to me now, clasping his hands together. However, I'm still not entirely satisfied. Also, you said it yourself, you're practically killing yourself to live up to his expectations". Taylor seems to be wearing me down quite effectively, thus far. If he can, and they do, then I'll concede to dropping the matter. I still don't like it, I'm still uneasy, but for now, I'll accept things as they are. And I definitely know it's not fair of me to expect him to keep that up. Most of them, in fact. Consequentally, all of my free time seems to be spent with just him or him and the whole group at once. Now, it's like I have this whole parallel life I'm living in simultaneously with this one, and they know nothing about it. About so many things, now. Everyone's excited; it's the time of year when no one is focused on school work in the slightest anymore, and vacation may as well have already started. It makes me feel horrible. I smile; at least, it seems, some things never change. I don't like that I still haven't heard from him, and I'm really worried about him. I begin to get a very definite feeling that something's wrong. Finally, after an awful silence, he sighs and turns his face away again. I'm upset and scared, terrified suddenly that maybe my paranoia was something more than just that. By not denying a word I've said, it's like he's confirmed it all. Then again, I think I've already stopped expecting one. Really, the last thing I have left to say. There has to be something, some sort of reason. I know, I realize now, that Taylor has always worked so hard for his father's approval; maybe he broke up with me for his father's sake. Maybe it's my fault. Back to being together. Didn't we? When he doesn't answer, I just stare disbelievingly at my phone for a long while. Rowen sits next to where I'm perched on my bed, and Archer takes the desk chair. If I did, then it would be real, and I'm still not ready to believe that it is. I won't need to. I continue, crossing my arms, still not facing them. God, if only. We started dating when it suited him, and stopped when it apparently didn't suit him anymore. Not as important as his precious fucking image, his precious fucking mockery of a life. Because he wasn't, and he's not. Of course, that means I have no release for my frustration, which in turn causes it to increase. Because, damn it, that's not fair to anyone else. I decide to call Lauren. Fuck, he could have at least told her! And it's surprising, how much that thought hurts. I say quickly, hanging up the phone. Trying not to think never works for me, so I try to distract my thoughts instead. Smart of them. A glass rose. At least I don't feel like I'm going to flip out on anyone at a moment's notice, anymore. I keep leaving and hiding out in some empty room by myself, and I think they're all getting annoyed with me for it. So eventually, Jo and Rowen will head up to Jo's room, and the rest of us will stay down here. I just know this is not going to end well. These people I call my friends. Rowen giggles, and Archer shouts out  his favorite phrase lately. Or at least, that they won't comment, since I've been like this all night anyway. There's been enough distance from the situation. There just has to be. I manage to succeed in dragging him to one of the individual music practice rooms; they're the most private place I can think of in this school. there has to be something I can do, something I can say, something to make this different. I've found an unexpected hold, and I have every intention of taking advantage of it. Once I stopped focusing on myself, I saw it almost immediately. So unlike him. Maybe he's not who I thought he was. Lee nods. Nor, I realize, do I really want him too. I won't. Like there's nothing left within me. I don't feel up to acting, either. But I force myself, make myself go through my normal routines, and make it to school. Unfortunately, I happen to pass by Jo on my way. As much as I don't want to talk to people, it's just not worth the effort to resist. So instead, I push her away, evading her embrace and her compassion. I break into a run, tears blurring my vision, heading straight for the music practice rooms. Deep, shuddering sobs rack my body, as I rock myself back and forth, hating myself for being so weak. I've never lost so much before, and it fucking hurts more than anything I've ever felt. Every time I look at him, I feel like something's been torn out of me and I'll never be completely whole again. It doesn't take long to realize I've succeeded. I really haven't wanted to face anyone. But she doesn't want to pressure me, I can tell, and I'm not feeling particularly forthcoming. A shirt Taylor left here once, weeks, almost a month ago. But everything's not okay, and the thought that I might never have that again, have him with me again, is almost more than I can stand. It'snot the end of my world or my life, as much as I seem to have felt it is. Maybe it hurts, maybe it will continue hurting for a long time, but even if this is it and we're really over, I need to remember to that I have so much more to my life than this. But that still doesn't excuse the shitty way I've treated them. I wait to see what they have to say before I speak. It's a very typically Archer way to talk, and somehow, the familiarity is a relief. she says sincerely. It's that much weight off my shoulders. She sighs. But it's not really my place, not anymore. I add, trying to make it sound like a joke, but again, not entirely succeeding. Well, maybe not exactly cynical, but less naïve at least. But another part of me is afraid that this is just stupid, pointless optimism and blind idealism on my part. I wish I knew for sure, because until I do, it's going to remain constantly in the corner of my mind. Did I mention I'm worried? My anxiety is growing at an alarming rate. Then, on top of and overshadowing it all, I feel the sick taste of bile and fear in the back of my throat, still terrified by his current state and the way he's talking. he continues, voice dead. Or, at least, said he needs me. . Otherwise, Taylor would have said something. he says again, firmer this time. he continues. One of his hands is still holding his own phone, which he also is holding still pressed to his ear. I hate guns. What's happened now must have finally been enough to push him past that edge. We may need to call an ambulance. he says in a small voice. It's a completely unrealistic fear. Or vomit because I might be touching a dead body? I hope he can. No, I didn't actually witness what happened today, I arrived afterward. From what I understand, it started with issues between his parents, and Taylor actually was telling the truth when he said that his father didn't start on him until recently. I'm immensely relieved; one less thing to worry about, at least. It didn't sound like she was quite so worried about her husband. (At least they didn't pull the cheesy tv cop line,  or whatever it is, but that was basically the message. They readily agree, under the circumstances. I hope she will be. I force these thoughts out of my head; there's no use in worrying about it one way or the other right now. I wonder idly exactly what her profession is. They stay that way for an indeterminate amount of time. He looks to me. By the Monday after, it seems as though everybody in the entire school knows the basic story of what's happened. I start to dread walking the hallways to classes and stop going to the cafeteria all together after one day of it, and it just doesn't stop. My nerves keep wearing thinner and thinner, to the point I'm afraid they'll snap. Well, I can hope, anyway. I felt she deserved that much. Hopefully, the novelty of it all will wear off soon, and I can deal with it until it does. And I know that, however bad they are with me, they would have been even worse with him. That couch has become almost symbolic for us. I haven't asked Taylor about the whole situation or anything else that happened, since the day everything actually occurred, because I didn't want to pressure him. Some of it's also from information Taylor has volunteered freely. What I don't know is what they're going to do when the man is actually released from the hospital. The brief noise of a car driving by outside. But I do realize that now is absolutely not the time for that. Even from that small gesture, I feel like melting on the spot. But, after a moment, he continues as though he'd never stopped, a far away look developing in his face. Hearing him state it as a fact, so casually really makes me look at it that way, from his eyes, from his perspective, more than I probably ever have before. he asks, as though the thought has just occurred to him. I think I'd like him to do so. The first month or so after we officially became a couple was, quite honestly, probably the happiest time in my entire life. He's trying to mask it, but I can tell it really did hurt him, her never being home. I'd guess the latter. With a slight shake of his head, he goes on,  he sighs slightly, then looks straight into my eyes. I hope he finds it, because I know it's there. Instead, I rub my thumb gently over the outer ridge of his hand, still in mine, in a gesture once again meant to pass on what comfort I can. He's almost gotten up to- he's at the part that, if I had to say, I probably wanted the most to hear. Unconsciously, I do find myself holding my breath. I'm not even sure I do, to be perfectly honest. He looks back at me, but all he gets from me is a confused expression, because I have no idea what he's talking about. He's come a long ways in just the past week, but I think he still has a long way to go. Despite everything, and despite the fact I know others in my position, hearing the same story, might disagree, I think Taylor is a strong person. Time seems to be blurring together, to me. I want to make sure that he doesn't. I didn't mean to upset him more than he already has been. And suddenly, I feel like everything has taken on a sudden, pure clarity. Finally resting my head on his chest, I grab his arm and snake it around me. Really, truly smiles, with the most happiness I've seen in him since… I don't know when. I happened to be standing up, and he just sort of draped his arms over my shoulders and went limp against me. Thankfully, Lauren picked up on what we're doing, and has been telling people off for us, and apparently has been a big help to him thus far in his other classes. But, right now, it's still day one. He weakly lifts one arm in a vague gesture indicating the cafeteria. So, hopefully, we won't be disturbed. He takes a seat on the piano bench, sitting backwards from the piano to face me. He shakes his head, slowly. I've been waiting a long time for him to talk about this. What could he do to make life easier for himself? I insist. he says, making it almost a question. I point out. he pauses, still looking thoughtful. And I see him an awful lot. I wonder if maybe they are anyway. Though, for the record, he definitely is). It was a baseball city through and through, and I knew I could never be happy anywhere else. I donated often, because I knew that was the way they would've wanted it. There was a small rip in her shirt and she was covered in bruises. I tossed him my cell phone. It made me wonder what the girl had been through, and if this was the first time she'd been left for dead in an ally. I got in with her and one of the medics gave me a stern look. I let my voice trail off. Gertrude had been my grandmother's name, and it'd been the first thing that'd popped into my head. Now I needed to pee, but I had a problem with public bathrooms, I know that's a girly thing, but I couldn't help it. I approached the receptionist. She looked unfazed. Hospitals sucked. I ran my hand over my face and then went outside to call my best friend, Zach Wissman. Aside from that little problem, he was perfectly trained and smart as hell. It seemed like I'd only been asleep for a minute when I was nudged awake by a nurse. I strung together a creative string of curses and followed the nurse to  room. Her gaze met mine and she tensed. Please, please, please review, because I'm really interested to know if something different will work for me! . . oh, fuck that one. How are you"? Really. Psh. -. Now as young men, they were even more handsome and heartbreaking, and were breaking hearts twice as fast. She is faced with two very heartbreaking young men, and one of them was her childhood sweetheart. Now they both must convince her—which one is the imposter and which one is the real one—even if it meant going against each other. . . Molly paused as some students exchanged looks of suprise. I guess it was a good thing I was never a mummy's girl. I would've carried on but Lola and Hans dragged me towards the entrance of the school – the bell had rung halfway through my speech. They were the kinds of people that would say nice things to your face and stab you in the back with a pencil if they could. I looked up. The new guy. They were 'bad news' she told me once. Melanie White lifted her perfectly manicure hand and beckoned him over. Even I was drawn to him. I pressed my palm to my lips, like one would do when they wanted to blow someone a kiss, but instead I gave him the finger. I knew that had nothing to do with the fact that she was fully committed to God and wore a purity ring. Mel glared at the girls next to him. Nothing. I thrust my paper at him. Oh, and an STD'. The less they know, the more they want to know and hence babies are born. You stand in line, get your food, pay for your food and then you eat. Jay Brian – it's a much more complex process - you stand in line, chat with your buds, walk out of line, forget that you need lunch, remember that you need lunch, go back to the line, stay in the line, get your food, forget your wallet, hold up the queue so you can get your wallet, go back to the line and realise you only have daddy's premium platinum card so you can't pay for your food. We stopped what we were doing and looked at the person. Lola was never good with discretion. I glared at him for the insult. What surprised me was that Ricky didn't pull his hand away. Ricky didn't shudder like most guys would and his eyes were kept firmly on me. That moment was when she caught her (then) boyfriend and Mel arms wrapped around each other, making out in front of everyone at a party. It was a murky time. Hans picked up his things and left also. No parties for me. – and I may mouth off to people, but I know where the line is and I stop there. They were old, they smelled, they were mean and just plain annoying. The boy nodded and slid into the empty seat next to it. It didn't exactly scream 'innocent' but it didn't scream 'bad-girl' either. Trouble walked hand in hand with him and that trouble seemed to want to hold my hand too. Ricky's eyes flickered down. I said with a chirpy voice. There was that godforsaken smirk of his on his face. I cried storming away. His body was flush against mine. It hurt me more than it hurt him – he barely moved. My backbone was lost. I ignored the last comment he made. I rolled my eyes. Why would he care that I didn't introduce myself? Especially after the conversation we had. I could see from my position at the door, that her beady eyes were permanently fixated on Ricky. He turned to me and pointed his plastic fork in my direction. For the first time since we'd met I actually realised that Ricky West wasn't half bad. They were so chocolaty and brown! I'm a blurter. I smirked. The necklace he bought for me - cheap and a little broken, a bit like us - was hanging around my neck. I shook my hair out – oh yeah, very movie like – and blanched as I saw the head teacher standing next to Mel, Lola and Hans near Hans' car. Oh I justwanted to punch that look off her face. Well, her car. She can't say anything because of Ricky's mum, but I know she wants to say something. She didn't buy it when I was a baby so she definitely didn't buy it now. I laugh. He grabs my hand and we run to the door. We continue to the entrance of the school. I'm grinning madly. I know. books, labels, movies, etc. Unisex toilets, hello? (Take that Charlotte: one point to me. Indian? I smiled broadly. The offering of good faith made the inky eyes of the smirking ruler narrow in approval. Here she was a god, controlling one of the most valuable resources in the galaxy—the byway—and its access that could slice across space in a matter of minutes. Pax was her trading floor—import, export, slaves, intelligence, contraband—everything was allowed so long as one paid the proper monetary homage. They were always there, they were always abundant, delivering or purchasing new stock and raking in the profits. Every species, every gender, anything one might want in the form of living pleasure made available for the right price—always tempting, always on display. Golden eyes were drawn to one twisting her body in a distant swath of red silk hanging loose from the ceiling. A breath from the floor she froze, toes pointed, limbs free, holding on to the fabric with nothing but one coiled leg. How ordinary. Humanoid, skin silvery white, larger than all around him, he exuded innate strength—his peoples' defining feature, something they broadcasted with little more than a ripple of movement. Watching the slave take that cock all the way into the recess of her mouth, the female gulping down silver ejaculate as it burst against the back of her throat, seeing her struggle to not spill a drop, excited the emissary. And again, affection from the male: the brute toyed with her hair as she relaxed, was gentle with her. He came quickly, sighing when he released into a stranger's mouth. Leering, turning to face the female with her flicking tail, Arden neared. My oldest brother, Bryan, lived in an apartment downtown, but usually came home for Sunday dinners. I know he was looking forward to his senior year; he'd been talking about it ever since school had let out in June. I'm not really much of a morning person to tell you the truth. My nose is straight and my cheekbones high, genetics contributed from my great-grandfather Kincaid whose mother was a Native American. 'You don't have to worry about taking me to school, Jamey; I'm going in with Annie,' I told him. I completely understood Jamey's predicament which was why I was more than happy to ride in with Annie. Being and only child definitely had its perks, I had mused on more than one occasion. ' I prompted. But the girl seemed genuine in her admiration of the twins. It looked very rock star. When I glanced back they had passed and their backs were to us. That doesn't mean there's any substance there. See you at lunch? I really couldn't wait until the day was over with. I'm extremely good at tests though, so that really helps me keep my grades at a good level. Even little Emily wasn't immune to the fascination with the twins that was sweeping the school like a virus. Once I asked her why and she said she simply liked them and I left it at that. I, for one, was thankful for the change in topics. It was the one with the weird hair. I loved Mrs. Kramer's writing assignments because she gave us a lot of freedom and didn't try to stifle our creativity the way some teachers did. I sincerely hoped it would die down soon so life at Shelby High School could get back to normal. To my embarrassment I felt my face flush and I frowned in response. Jackson Riley sat right next to you! But he's kind of a jerk. Something about him just rubs me the wrong way. Hey, there's your brother. He didn't think of Annie as anyone but his little sister's friend, and therefore, unfortunately for Annie, she was seen as an extension of me. Well, Jamey might be one of the popular kids but he's not an idiot. Of course, he's not as gorgeous as Jamey. How many times do I have to tell you not to talk about my brother like that in front of me? At first it had been kind of awkward but it'd been going on for so long now that it didn't bother me at all. 'Celebrate the first day back to hellschool? I liked it because there was a used bookstore there that I frequented. Again I was struck with how different the two brothers were, despite them being twins. There was a crowd of people gathered around him at school, mostly the same kids that hung around with Jamey. Standing so near to me I was suddenly struck by how tall he was, probably close to six feet judging from my five foot two perspective. And I do know your name. ' I challenged him. No matter how rational I liked to think I was, I couldn't help my reaction to this boy. As I was walking past him I fought the urge to elbow him in the side. 'You never take only fifteen minutes. My last coherent thought before falling asleep that night was that this school year was going to be full of surprises. Who did he think he was, saying something like that to me? But they made him look so good. Abnormal for them, maybe. Certainly not. I liked my clothes. But it was rather windy today. I pushed the screen button frantically, but he had already seen it. But still, he didn't shut up. Neveradorable. I smiled at the writers style, it was quite unique – a good unique. His hair was a middle-ish shade of brown and his eyes, oh his eyes – were looking right at me. The nerve of him, mocking me. He wasn't happy with me, I could tell. One of them was about ants, but really, how much was there to know? He apparently noticed my irritation, because he came and slid down next to me while I pretended to read. It was weird; I didn't usually like anyone touching my hair – apart from myself, and my stylist of course. I felt oddly disappointed. I had found it on my older sisters book shelf – it was a present she had received from one of her friends for her 19th. He was grinning. What was wrong with the book? God. Yeeeessss. Craazzzyy! All my life, every moment, every God damn awful kiss (well, compared to this one) had been leading up to this. Oh, God. I didn't want to hear those words. God. The Bradford green thumb – make that the Morey green thumb – now had not only an expansive country garden to oversee, but also two greenhouses and a massive, flowering front drive – not to mention a grand household and a husband. Who would have thought that Adrian, Anna's husband, preferred the life of the country gentleman? Happily married, even. Mr. James Norbert Fulton of the endearingly guileless and aggravatingly leisure nature. Him, wincing as he slowly and jerkily lowered himself on one knee to propose; her, smiling a thin-lipped grin because she was too old and frail to strangle him. He should know that from Anna and Adrian's courtship. Something drastic. No, it would have to be something else. Calling for her maid, she picked up her gloves, and exited the garden, heading for a nearby park. The sitting room door squeaked open and his new footman poked his head inside. The townhouse he now had to convince a certain Melanie Bradford to run – as Melanie Fulton. Something to sweep her off her feet and cement her love for him, as well as make up for all the time he had spent 'beating about the bush and a few trees to boot' as Melvin had put it. But at twenty-eight, he'd thought himself too young to be wed that first Season she'd been out, and the next year, his sister, Hilary, had made her debut and had needed to be escorted everywhere, and it had occurred to him that Trevalyn House had quite enough women as it was. Melanie was patient and understanding enough, but perhaps he should put a little extra effort into this proposal? James smiled at his youngest sister, but didn't bother to stand or even straighten from his slouch. By the time Melanie returned from her walk, Melanie was doubting not only her rationality, but her very sanity, as well. Melanie had been thinking how this was a rather unfair assumption, as it was the Gardyners' twins first Season, and no one had ever heard either of them play, when she had been struck by the brilliance of her companion's proposal. What if James got angry with her for manipulating in such a way and hated her for the rest of their lives on earth? Heaven knew she probably would go mad if James continued to be so damned stubborn for much longer. James entered the Gardyner music room with Hilary on his arm, his mother and aunt tittering away behind them. Perhaps she was simply late. All in all, they would make ideal wives for the sort of men who wanted nothing more than a broodmare, hostess, steward and perhaps some politely pleasant conversation over the dinner table. Curious, James unfolded the note. Still, there was so little light that James didn't immediately see Melanie seated primly on a chaise at the edge of the shadows. With her soft pink gown and her hands clasped in her lap, she looked like an earth-bound angel. She never had been able to stay mad at him, no matter how much drivel he spewed out, the darling man. She was going to take matters into her own hands, and if James didn't like it, he had only himself to blame. They'd kissed before – in sheltered alcoves and shaded gardens, where prying eyes couldn't see them – but never had they done what Melanie intended for them to do tonight. He'd bent her over his arm dozens of times while they were kissing, and she had never asked if he was feeling faint. Some might think it a bit slight, but Melanie was of the opinion that it was quite perfect. You've only two hours to complete this seduction. He was doing such a delightful job of turning her into a puddle at the moment; it would surely be a shame to ruin it all. When they were married, she could enjoy James' kisses at leisure all she wanted. He didn't notice her undoing his jacket buttons or cravat, either, until she tugged the cravat away entirely. Well, it better not have been anyone else. James savoured the look for a moment, for even irritated, she was beautiful. Perhaps there was something more to this than he knew? He was wearing a very smug expression, and, having had enough of beating about the bush with the male sex, Melanie sighed. Should James wait that long before proposing, she'd surely take a gun to him. Who? But they might get suspicious and tattle to her parents. Good God, what a snake pit. Bloody hell. In fact, at the moment, she wasn't sure if she was brave enough to even get out of the hackney. And here, of all places? Albinson sat in a chair with his back to the light, leaving his face and most of his body in complete shadow. Melanie Bradford was not a woman to be toyed with. It wasn't as if they would be needing that, after all. How unfortunate he had to ruin it. The nerve. A blush ran up her neck and flooded her face. She could hear James' footsteps following her. She paused just inside the door and inclined her head. She reached inside his jacket pocket and withdrew the ring. he told her, brushing his nose against hers. What a brilliant boyfriend. I have officially hit rock-bottom of the festivities. Either way, I think I'm now in a fairly decent place. I am seemingly forgiven. I swear that it is a scene taken straight out of Bridget Jones, only I wouldn't be complaining if Colin Firth was standing in my living room… And I'm nothing like as classy as Renee Zellweger. It is only now that I realise how messed-up my life is. Even so, I grab a tea-towel and wipe the cobwebs off the bottle so Clyde won't notice that the thing is practically a fossil, before exiting the pantry and walking back into the kitchen. Even so, he manages very well to keep an impassive face when taking a polite sip of it once I've given it to him and received a thanks in return. But oh no, he's being an adolescent boy with a toy, whilst I am agonisingly stuck with nothing to say to a probable mute. I have never, or ever will, ran so fast away from something before. ' a little and very surprised voice screams inside my head. Even if he is socially inept. she scolds before pulling a face at the congealed cream cheese on the rim of a champagne glass. We've had this conversation countless times before, but she has never been quite so outright before. His confidence is just broken, after forty-two rejected applications in the past six months, that's all. However, I remind myself that he does comically duck under doorways, and crane my head back to look up at him. I wonder how old he really is. I have fantastic timing. The last thing I needed at this moment was for a cranky NYPD officer to search my bag while I watched the subway pull away from the station. Someone slammed the hard surface next to my head as I shot up in shock, my eyes still blurry from being woken up so suddenly. I let my gaze slide down to the desk; I had books sprawled all over the top and my laptop screen was still glowing softly. The forty page paper that was due at exactly noon. I knew the answer I was about to get was not going to make me feel any better about the terrible situation I had woken up into. But to only be part way done… that had to mean that I had fallen asleep well before two in the morning. I made a choked noise when I saw what she was pointing out to me. Unfortunately, the wad was stuck relatively close to my scalp, forcing Gabby to cut off more than three quarters of my hair. I'd only been preparing for this interview for weeks and yet, despite all of that, I had completely forgotten about it when it mattered most. I squeezed my eyes shut as I spoke. While it was a painful memory that I wished never had happened, I had far more important things in my life to worry about… including the job interview that could forever change my future. I would be able to pay back my loans from undergraduate school and the debt I was digging myself into now with graduate school without asking for a penny from my parents. I needed to leave now, especially considering how the commute to the building was exactly twenty two minutes and I still had to get dressed for this damn interview. That was not something I was willing to do, especially considering I was already having a bad hair day. In fact, it would only take about fifteen minutes to get there, with the morning traffic. I knew I was drenched by now, but none of it seemed to matter. I had wasted a grand total of five minutes attempting to get a cab and I knew that no matter what happened I was going to be late. At this point in time with graduation only five months away, I wanted a job under my belt so I could focus on my final semester. Hopping as gracefully as I possibly could, I put a hand against the wall of the closest building and lifted my right foot. At the rate I was going at, I more than likely wouldn't even be getting the job. I swapped my footwear without hesitation, pushing my defeated thoughts to the back of my mind. . The effort was still needed though. At least one good thing came out of being caught in the rain; it was nearly impossible to tell that I had to chop off a large chunk of my bangs. an NYPD officer said to me, gesturing towards the plastic table that had been set up next to the turnstiles. I smiled tersely at the officer that had pulled me aside and walked up to the other officer that was standing idly behind the table. he asked, staring at me. Now, I had to count on the hopes that maybe the recruiter was running late with interviews. It simply made no sense. Any logical restraint I had before immediately shot out the window. Hadn't I just warned myself not to do this? God, so this was how my first arrest was going to happen… I just hadn't realized it would happen so quickly. Of course, then I would be immediately arrested for assaulting an officer. He ran a hand through it, keeping his sharp blue eyes on me. 8:54 AM. I was officially waving the white flag. Porter said into his radio as Stryker began folding up the table he was standing behind. Panic immediately coursed through my body as I tried to wrench myself away. Another pair of cops who I hadn't seen when I entered stood by the entrance, stared at us as we walked up. My mind was just so messed up right now that I simply forgot that all of these guys were police officers, and not all of them had the same amount of patience as Stryker. I could barely see over his shoulder… unable to see the reaction of Officer Keegan. Why had I not even attempted to make them explain to me why I was in the back of a police car? I braced myself in the back seat, holding on the seats as Porter smoothly handled the sharp turns and other cars. Not expecting the sudden turn, I flew to my right and smacked my head ungracefully against the window. How was this even possible? He smiled at me, his good looks yet again managing to make me falter for one second. I immediately turned around and ran towards the building for my interview. I simply didn't care. I had given them my excuses and the recruiter had simply laughed it off, saying that it was not a huge deal but I knew promptness was something that large corporations emphasized. I tried imagining different hairstyles but in the end just gave up, knowing that nothing could fix the juvenile chop. Asides from the fact that I had just gone through finals hell week, I couldn't push the thought out of my mind that it had been days since I last saw that gorgeous man I only knew as Officer Stryker. When I told her about the kiss on the cheek, I was forced to throw every pillow we had in our apartment at her face to make her shut up so I could talk about my interview. I heard the doorbell ring, probably one of my friends who lived next door, and Gabby yelling at whoever was there that she'd be there in a second. That was when I saw one e-mail with a yellow tag from Roger Danforth, the recruiter I had interviewed with. When I began actually noticing things, I saw that he was wearing a police uniform and recognition finally hit. He didn't seem like the type to fall for that act. I just wanted him to boost my ego for the moment so I could gather the strength to open the e-mail. The previous anger from before was gone, and again, I found myself feeling ashamed. He smirked. I clicked on the message and a long strew of words popped onto my screen. I pulled him closer to me, as his hand slid down to my waist. It was a question I'd been dying to ask, but never quite found the opportunity to inquire about. he gestured down towards my outfit. I jumped in surprise, while the man I now knew as Rhys simply turned around to face my way too nosy roommate. Heh. I might do a short story based off of them in the future. Love you all, and I will see y'all on the flip side. God, the revolting concoctions she makes me take sometimes…) and glared at Rachel, who blinked innocently back at me. She smiled sweetly at me and tugged on my arm. Just a girl. Along with all the other teeth… I don't even know why I thought about that. I groaned inwardly, making sure that I was smirking on the outside. Rachel is actually pretty damn gorgeous. I can't believe that slipped my mind. Fluorescent orange. I love her and all, but that was a little bit too creepy. I realized with a jolt that Ray is the only person who calls me Mattie and gets away with it. The one who's always getting you the weirdest girls! I feel better now. I nodded my head. It will be called the Ray-fries. She took a ferocious bite off her favourite Mars bar and waited for my answer. We were the only ones in the house. Over Zoe. Rachel pulled the guy closer. Something Rachel told me a few years back, when she had a major obsession with a senior in our school. I ignored her. Yoho, yoho, a pi-freakin'-rate's life for me. We were lounging in my room when she suddenly spoke up. I walked out of the bathroom with a towel hung loosely on my hips and looked over her shoulders to see what she was talking about. She's too tiny. She complied, wriggling my bedroom slippers off before crossing her legs on my bed. It's amazing how she could fit something so big into her tiny mouth. It was flooded with people, but not one of them is shorter than five foot five, has long, black hair, wears blank tank top and jeans, and paints her nails with weird colours. I strode out of the sports shop that I was in and found my way into the nail shop beside it. We're not talking, even when we do we end up in quarrels, she's dating someone new, and I just found out that I'm in love with her, as cheesy as it sounds. Maybe Ray doesn't like me anymore. We were sitting on her door steps, both licking ice-creams. She had been crying. Crystal clear. She looked away. I mean, it's sweet and all, but where's the originality, dude? Do you honestly need me to tell you where that came from? Gay people were sick, and he wasn't, nor would he ever be, part of the homosexual population. It was perfectly normal for Kyle to be totally unable to not stare Joey down like a hunk of meat every time he wore tight shirts. Kyle's own eyes traveled down his messy longish blond hair, slid along his stripped orange and green shirt, white cuffed sleeves, and rested on his ass. Loved how cute the little bit of, well, fat looked; it wasn't bulging out in huge rolls, but it stuck out a little and drove Kyle crazy. It was sickening, immoral, and just plain different. She dressed weird, acted weird, but she was interesting, he guessed. Despite being a little stuck up, she was a good friend with an amazing range for compassion. Her name was Jacqueline, she was sixteen, and too crazy to be alive in his opinion. He could feel his cheeks heating up, and saw, out of the corner of his eye, Lucy whispering something to her twin, him shaking his head, saying something back quietly, and by the time he'd gotten to their table, Joey had turned and was looking straight into Kyle's dark green eyes, calm and collected. When he was done with the sheets, he walked slowly to his seat, hoping his cheeks were back to normal. Be that because she threatened to kill him or that she was trustworthy, he wasn't sure. Besides the fact that most the people in his group were losers, the only bad thing was having to do this project. Joey was just looking at him, arms down at his sides; it wasn't anything special, most of the world walked that way, but still, Kyle couldn't breath. He was about to clock the blond in the nose when Lucy walked over, pulling her brothers face away from Kyle's. But she bit her lip, and Kyle knew it was for the soul purpose of drawing some kind of reaction from Lucy. Putting tension on her middle finger and thumb, she flicked the heathen in the face. Like his new team mates should already know what he was talking about. Kyle didn't do boys. At all. Yeah. To not see that coming…? The heartbroken look in his eyes wasn't effecting him at all… it wasn't. It was better than being gay. Saturday, 9:23 AMIt started out in a bakery. Dark circles framed the bottom of her tired eyes. . Since his words were annoying and kind of hurtful, I think any girl would've agreed that my own hurtful remarks toward cute-bakery-guy were pretty understandable. Compared to her actions, I'd say mine were pretty justifiable. But I guess even a hideous old lady would've been nicer to him than I'd been that morning. After all, how could he like me? That was quite a long time. The list goes on. Carly thought it was ridiculous that I hadn't dated since. Maybe I was destined to be cute-bakery-guy's girlfriend. I'd only worn it to get my mom off my back about why I hadn't put her  to use. Why had I never bothered to learn Mark's name? Which, by the looks of today's events, wasn't true. Too bad he didn't realize who he really was talking to. Admit it, you are curious. It was purely brilliant. Which, in my opinion, was completely correct. I disregarded it. In fact, I'd always had more fun just hanging around with Kent than dressing up formally anyway. Note my sarcasm. I asked suddenly. Like I was a ghost of some sort. And then his emotions somehow reached me; I felt sad and regretful. I sat down on a nearby bench and willed my brain to think of another brilliant idea. You can't just disappear like that! . review pleeease! Smart. I'm neither"! Weights"? Oh, and it's completely un-beta'd, I haven't even read through it myself, so expect mistakes! Never beautiful. Everyone's eyes are automatically attracted to me when I enter a room, and it has been this way as long as I can remember. . I simply never liked him, either, because he was always so damn strange that I would rather have walked away than helped him out. . I was in these classes for the sheer fact that I have never been very bright,and he struggles in school because of his disabilities. He is not a normal person. He had not even noticed me standing there, and that angered me. He seemed rooted to the spot. At the time I hadn't a clue what this meant, but I got the point by the look in his eyes at the time. She had been his friend; probably his only friend. He was already far from beautiful. They should have been red, I thought, but they wound around his body like thick lines of shining smoke. He was a mess. Dating them was also brownie points for Richard, but whenever I had dated a girl, we split up within a few days, when she would insist that I was more of a friend than a boyfriend. Instead I had turned to Maria, pushed my fist onto my palm, then jutted my thumb over my right shoulder. I could not speak directly to Donnie, anyway. At that moment it hit me for the first time how hard it must be to be mute and deaf, butI brushed it off because honestly, I just didn't care. ', no sound escaping him. His hair was pasted down to the sides of his face, matted there as if with glue, and everything about him seemed so tiny and weak. It was almost as if he was inviting me in, stroking his tongue over mine in a slightly awkward manner. It was possibly one of the strangest moments of my life, his lips pressed against mine, his form tiny in comparison with my slightly muscled body, pale and weak and eager. There is no excuse for hugging him, in school, in front of everyone. I didn't even try to pretend that there was an explanation for it, instead I pulled him as close as I could, whispering meaningless words to him. Unfortunately for them, they seem to have forgotten that I can handle myself. He is scarred, everywhere, and so very thin that he looks as if he is fading away. Donnie had sensed my discomfort with the situation, and his fingers folded around mine. I hate that description, and I will gladly have Donnie be my imperfection. then there are those rules we make for ourselves due to past experiences. Just walk away. well, you've just screwed yourself for life. My cousins on my mother's side, the Higgins, got Easter, and my mother's parents had dibs on Thanksgiving. When everyone else had to pile into their cars and start the journey home, all I had to do was climb upstairs and change into my pajamas. she had told my mother. The snow was never my thing to begin with. I wasn't about to go through that again, especially all the way across the United States, and my extreme fear of heights seemed to slip everyone's mind when they purchased their plane tickets. After the divorce was taken care of, my mom moved out, taking my brother and me with her. The only thing that remotely lessened my terrible mood was the thought of seeing my father two months earlier than usual. A small diner and a few office buildings had been added since I had last been here, but all in all it hadn't changed much. A few lonely strands of Christmas lights were wrapped in the trees and a couple shops had wreaths in the windows next to the  signs. My eyes scanned the piece of paper, looking for where I had last left off, but the blaring sound of a car horn forced me to look up again. I slowly opened my eyes to see that the two cars were head-to-head, but they hadn't collided. Two more inches, and our cars would have smashed together. I got out of my car, slamming my door before I stomped toward this stranger. I raised my arm as if to take a swing at his face, but he closed his hand around my wrist, narrowed his eyes, and stared at me curiously. He then backed up, swerved around me, and drove off, just like I had told him to do. The beige colored siding was still in tact, none of the three maple trees had been cut down, and my old tire swing, although seemingly ready to collapse at any second, was still hanging from a branch. The front door finally swung open, and a second later my father was in the doorway. I was also slightly embarrassed of my outburst, now that both the adrenalin and my temper had lessened. My eyes were scanning over everything in the house; being here was like a very vague flashback. he asked. There was no point in hurting his feelings. They used to be all over the place, bouncing off the walls and driving their mother crazy. Eric was my age, and Caleb was two years younger than him. He was the bane of my seven-year-old existence until the day that my horrible temper flared and I socked him one right in the face. Peregrine didn't talk about Kurt, though, which was one reason Emil knew that Peregrine wasn't over him. How else would it keep all those muscles from looking bulky? No, if Greg was the kind of guy to tell Emil that Peregrine had gone home with Kurt, he was the kind to tell Kurt that Peregrine was taken. He gave Emil a slow once-over. Well, at least he didn't have to worry about mutual attraction. He waved Emil back into his seat and sat down opposite him, back straight with his meet-the-opposition smile in place. Why had he managed to remain celibate as he finished college, went through law school, and worked his way to a job on this coast, but two weeks with Peregrine and now his bone wouldn't stay soft? He wasn't the only person here who was appreciating it. But only one; he needed his wits about him. Emil ran his teeth over his lower lip. Kurt nodded to Emil. He just had to keep reminding himself of that. Maybe about the same height Kurt had been when he'd dated Peregrine the first time. That would explain his body's reaction. Right now he needed to know this guy, the one who still held a part of Peregrine despite their dozen years apart. He was much more humble than Emil had expected, attributing good ideas to the others even though Peregrine's friends agreed that Kurt was the brains of their little group. It was well worth the money. Halfway through his steak he put down his fork and ate a fry. Deciding what to say to keep the conversation going without giving away that he was sleeping with Emil's lover? That's probably why he hadn't told Emil that Kurt was back in town. After three bites, he stopped. Had Peregrine finally broken from the stress? Did Emil really mean to let Kurt have Peregrine half the time? Had Emil soaked up stories about Kurt, so he could win against him when he returned? Kurt studied the calendar as he ate, not giving the steak the attention it deserved. Emil was disappointed. The man today looked very different from how he must have in college. But all was fair in love and war and Emil felt he was waging both. He wasn't going to let some guy who only just stopped getting handouts from his parents take Peregrine away from him. Even if he didn't answer questions. Years ago he'd thought up that little speech, but he'd never before used it on someone paler than his mother. Of course, Emil didn't know him well enough to understand what this particular expression meant, but he would. But that wouldn't explain why Emil seemed willing to share Peregrine with him. He picked up a fry, but then decided not to eat it. Emil looked up and caught his eye. Kurt had been taught though years of experience never to show his hand, but maybe it was time to lay his cards on the table. Kurt should check with his realtor. he said, taking Kurt's right hand in both his small ones. I'm having lots of fun writing it. She knew I was arriving today"? -. . So in the meantime, I decided to upload it again. So please bear with it! Caught. His jet-black hair was tousled and a bit longer than average for guys, which made him look even hotter – and I still didn't see his face then. Confused, I just stood there in my shorts and shirt, Flanny, my Siberian Husky, sitting obediently next to me, her head touching my thigh. Strong jaw with a bit bristles, Roman-straight nose, and even from afar, I could see his eyes-color – greenish-blue, just like the sea. So I collected myself and kept our walk. So I had to forget him, because meeting him again was not an option – even if he even paid any attention to someone like me. I wished I knew, and wished the feeling that nudged me to think about him, to seek him, would disappear. The world isn't a great place when you have no friends and no family. Something would have to be done with me but what? Ever. The rain kept coming and I was starting to care. I don't exist stop looking. He screamed money, and culture, and he was claiming to be a relative of mine. I was. I had never been seen. My cousin looked at me and I at him. All six foot something of this was my cousin. The comfortable feeling of being invisible settled back on me and was destroyed when I felt a big warm hand settle on my shoulder. Okay"? Get me more than 5 reviews and I'll post character photos. The Alanna/Kai storyline is dragging down Lydia and Nick's story line. I made the rest up myself. It's not just the sex and language, but the extent to which they monopolize the story in later chapters that makes me want to put up a big red stop sign. You have been warned! No one would be chased by so many police, like he was, if they were just an ordinary thief. They were down the block when a neighbor phoned to warn me. They were there already. I couldn't face him as I stepped in and yanked the shower curtain closed and we stood together in the warm spray. My tirade lasted until they'd finished their search and left my home. He didn't seem to mind that I was entranced by the multitude of tattoo's on his skin. I tried to pull away, but he held me tightly and pulled me along with him. He unfolded the stairway and pushed me up the old wooden steps. I think I was the only one in the neighborhood with an empty garage. It was then that he started to speak in that odd accent that I'd almost immediately come to think of as Russian. I could hear the scorn in his low voice. He didn't have one with him, and I guessed he must have picked it up in the garage. This was a very dangerous man. The marks no longer held my interest as it was his closeness that had my mind in a spin. I got the distinct feeling he was used to being without clothes, and used to people not noticing. But he wasn't looking at my body. It suited him well. He shined the light toward our faces and he wore a small teasing smile, matching his raised eyebrow. I closed my eyes, unable to bear his gaze without losing control of all reason. He was studying my face; the corner of his mouth turned up in a little grin that told me he knew what I was thinking. But then he turned my face to his again and I confessed;  I touched his cheek and he dropped his eyes for a moment before his defenses snapped into place. I shook my head slowly trying to deny what I knew was true. He looked at me with curiosity and wonder, and my heart melted at the confusion on his face. The air was cold, but his hands took their place, warming me in frenzied caresses. In minutes it was over, and I'd reached my climax just seconds before he did, and he collapsed on top of me dripping in sweat. I wanted to hold him and fall asleep in his arms, but he tucked me into our makeshift bed and kissed me long and slow, before he prepared to leave. I don't know how long I laid there, but I must have fallen asleep. Even if I did, I imagined standing on my doorstep with no keys to get in. You were so worth it! As soon as it was gone I realized that I'd missed a perfect opportunity to call for help. I waited. Another hour went by and I was about to do something foolish when I heard footsteps crunching in the gravel outside the garage. He smiled and motioned for me to come out. I started to dress while he watched my every movement,. I heard myself say 'I love you,' but I wasn't sure what that meant, or even if he heard. After dressing he told me to get into the car. He started the car and opened the garage door with the remote and backed out into enemy territory. I noticed the door was slightly ajar. I'm not sure why I didn't. What kind of trust and determination would that take? He looked at me with a devilish grin behind the wheel of what was obviously another stolen car. He became darker and more intense, if that were possible. Words softly spoken with the intensity of a promise of death if not true. I wanted Katya, my bride-to-be, to have a home and the wealth she desired. It startled me how casual he was in describing a criminal organization with international connections. Maybe I secretly wanted her to be hurt the way she hurt me. My initial impression: 'What the hell kind of last name is Thrysis? I'm more than a little embarrassed to admit how excited that made me. You'd never have called him a scene kid. All observations that resurfaced in my dreams, and fantasies. Of course, bitch; how could I have focused on your lime lip gloss and mascara-covered eyelashes when Nolan was at a table a few feet away? Because I was a creeper like that. You'll do so well. I groaned. And took advanced classes. Advanced, of course. I took my seat in the middle of the room and pulled my notes out of my bag, intensely aware of Nolan a few seats behind me. Blah, blah, blah, choose a controversial issue, blah, use reputable (not Wikipedia) sources to develop a stance on said issue, blah, blah, typed report no less than fifteen hundred words, blah, blah, blah due on Monday, blah. For listening to bands that most people have heard of? Feigning utter calm and detachment, I turned around to say something, but Nolan was already getting up to move to the empty desk in front of me. I could die happy. If it were, Nolan would be have been naked and sexing me up right then. A second later, the half-card was on my side of the desk, with my pen, bearing an unfamiliar number in a nearly-illegible scrawl. This was Nolan, who I hadn't spoken to before yesterday and who I had had an admittedly-slightly obsessive crush on. Somewhere in the whole mess, my mother got home. It was also the reason she and dad didn't work out. And yep, it was still a text from Nolan. Especially not alone with Nolan. At the end of the hall, however, there was a blank cracked door and another one, tightly shut, but with music spilling out from the room behind. to Lady Gaga. He was wearing the same vintage-looking button-up shirt and tight pants that he was in school, but his feet were naked. The floor was completely clean, unlike mine, which was always covered in clothes (dirties that I was too lazy to wash and clean clothes that I was too lazy to fold). He veered to the right at the bottom of the stairs and we came to what I'm sure was a very nice kitchen, when it wasn't covered in eggs, flour, chocolate chips, sugar, and about eighteen small girls. I also wasn't a twig like some people I could have mentioned. It was weird, though, to see Nolan as a person. Like that he kept scrubbing his hand over his brown eyes, or raising an eyebrow when he got stuck in the wording of our report. Concluding paragraph still needed. Well, maybe a few more, but we were very different. I don't know. I finished lamely. He nodded. At every opportunity. It might just be an honest assertion of preferences. he asked. My male crush. That would be reason I'd never tried drugs. I said, the epitome of the honor student. Our noses brushed, and I found myself tilting my face, eyes fluttering closed. The friction was electric, nothing like kissing one of my girlfriends-of-convenience. This should have been awkward—I should have been terrified, but I was way too ecstatic, and more than a little too turned on, for that. When I finished, he shrugged it off, and I set to exploring the planes of his stomach, memorizing them as I dropped my mouth to his neck, alternating between soft kisses and bites, thrilled by every tiny sound that vibrated in his throat. Nolan seemed to read my thoughts, because his fingers were at my belt buckle, as shaky and fumbling as mine had been at his shirt a few minutes ago. Across my chest, down onto my stomach. 99 to attend a dating group at the local gay and lesbian community center, on a Friday night, when everyone who someone actually wanted was out about the town. So what the hell was he doing here? Little bastards… he loved them though. Miles knew from experience that outer beauty was not what made the man but Lord, there had to be 'something' attractive about them. A life that did not include scanning the internet for deals on antique to medieval swords he had taken to collecting in the absence of companionship. 00 as long as the money was in his hand before Tuesday afternoon. In addition to this, he had no boyfriend or even family to spend money on so there was really nothing for it to do but sit in his bank account. It wasn't like he had many guests and what was the point in buying real-life history only to hide them away in the tiny guest room or even his office? He was momentarily halted by the tall, strapping fellow he's run into. Speaking of Vikings, the guy looked none to happy about being run into and his frown showed it. He didn't notice the dark blue eyes that followed him as he eased into the seat and then down the street. -. Yet another one of his many flaws. -. Harrison had seemed surprised but readily agreed and asked the same courtesy of Miles. Closing the trunk, he moved to driver's side door and paused at an image in the parlor window that rested just next to Harrison's store. The closer he got, the more he felt the need to see it, to touch it, to have it on his skin? Staring at the heart-shaped sporran, and it's amazingly detailed fastening, he knew the answer. This could not be happening again. But he did and, God bless him, he couldn't get a full sentence out without stumbling over his own tongue. Dear God, could he go through with it? The decision was taken from him moments later when the man approached him again, his hands covered in blue plastic gloves and holding an evil looking hand machine that had him gulping and burying his face into the plastic beneath him. Even the experience of feeling the ink etched into his flesh, he couldn't believe that he had actually gotten a tattoo. It looked so perfect nestled between his shoulder blades. he paused, gulping. -. He certainly didn't even consider the idea of the man wanting to discuss the sale of the sword he had called his brother an idiot for attempting to sell. Odin, who immediately rose and gestured for Miles to join him before seating himself. He was too old, too thin, too… everything. This whole thing certainly seemed off enough for such a thing to occur. -. And after seven straight years of celibacy, he loved every minute of it. And three, if calling someone Lord or Master got you in bed with a 6'4" Viking, well, he'd gratefully become a modern day serf. -. (See: Avoid lecturing as to not make it clear to his students that his ass had been thoroughly pummeled the night before by the way he was creeping about). And, indeed, nothing else was needed, just that one name had his blood pounding and his packing of his materials halted as excitement rushed over him. Odin was true to his word and was there precisely a half hour after he had called. he called. -. The second he murmured about the man sleeping over was the time when Odin didn't call and make arrangements to meet him somewhere for sex. Even if the handsome modern Viking moved on and never spoke to him again, he knew he would forever think of him. Remember every touch so as to have it as company when he no longer had any. -. He knew what he wanted but knew he was destined to lose the man he loved the moment he spoke of it. Was he just setting himself up for more disappointment? -. He'd said it. They always ate and Tyr's and went back to Odin's to fuck - before the man sent him packing around eleven or so after Odin had had his fill of him. Sure, he was surly by nature but he never got really angry or annoyed. And the sooner he found out if he could have it, the sooner he could move on with his life. He had fucked it all up and all because he longed for more than was in his lot to have. -. he hissed, snatching the gay porn magazine out of the cup and quickly stuffing it in his briefcase. Maybe somewhere warm where he could relax and stare at muscled surfers while trying to forget about the cold as ice love of his life. -. After all, every story couldn't be a love story right? Taking a moment to set the sword he was currently working on carefully in his holder, he scurried to the door. Well, at least not about anything but his own release. Please do not use them without my permission. Simple as that. Truly, she doubted anyone would mourn the loss of Tuesday. Now, she loved having a car, but being in her vehicle was no picnic as far as she was concerned. Often, she compared being in the car to being a jack-in-the-box. Often, she joked that if she were a cop and saw her on the street, she would pull herself over too. The neighborhood was littered with such houses and Jaz often wondered what type of work people did in order to afford living in them. She had to make sure she did not yawn while speaking with the officer. Unfortunately, she had a time limit to keep and she needed to get through his BS as soon as possible. She supposed the cops considered that it could be a ploy for her to use while trying to case a place in the upscale part of town, but she still thought it was silly to ask. Better than that was when there were officers that just plain remembered her from other times they had this patrol and did not bother her at all. She and the cop then got into a staring contest, which he lost and it seemed to upset him even more. Hard-ass. he commanded as if he was seriously scolding her. She was tempted to blast her music too, but she was not willing to play around while she was working. In some distracted moments, she had driven right past the house before, though. The chances of someone doing more than sneering in undisguised disgust at her car in the ritzy neighborhood was astronomical as far as she was concerned. She still entertained the thought, even though she now knew that was not the case. A startled yelp from behind the door got a chuckle out of her as she imagined the look on the person's face when staring into nothing but a big blue eyeball. She made peanuts as it was already and if gas went up anymore, she was just going to get a bicycle. It was just too easy to see in those deep, chocolate eyes, even if she could barely see them. Jaz almost had a dirty thought there, but managed to suppress it. Thankfully, most people still tipped her, even if they ranted and raved at her for more time than she liked. After all, silly was a hobby of hers. Apparently, her English professor. She was certain the professor was the Anti-Christ or at least some lesser demon. She made it to her destination without a problem for the first time in a long time. ! Her eyes focused on the box rather than the person holding it. Even if I haven't completely seen them, apparently. She snapped out of it when she noticed the woman inching back into her house, probably about to slam the door in Jaz's face. Sighing, she lowered her head like a chastised puppy. She stopped just shy of a complete about-face. she admitted in a low tone. She licked her lips to cover up what she was about to do and then noticed her hostess stepping off to the left. She could see how a woman that lived in such a place might have never had pizza before; she was probably used to much finer things in life. Shaking that off, Jaz realized that she needed to introduce herself quickly or things would get awkward before they could do anything fun. In order to avoid killing herself, she slid to the floor, thinking that it would be much safer. She had to resist the urge to roll around on the floor. She was willing to bet that they had been hung up there because of how expensive they were because there was nothing really outstanding or eye-pleasing about them, in her opinion anyway. The speakers for surround sound she did recognize and once again she knew that they were expensive. she added. She decided not to say anything about since they had just met. Her mouth fell open and she blinked hard in disbelief. She talked through movies in the worst way, especially ones that she had seen, and figured it would be distracting to Georgia, especially if she needed to read the subtitles. she suggested, tapping the case of the comedy. The noises I'm making sound so horrible and gentle that I imagine that this is what it sounds like when the soul is ripped from the body and floats away to where we go when we die. I can't. I need to see her face. My eyes are locked on my little sister laying amongst the broken glass. I look into the drizzling rain above me as the flashing colored lights slow on the side of the highway. A set of hands grab at me and ask me where it hurts. More hands join in and I feel myself being strapped to a stretcher. The doors of the ambulance shut. ! ! "I'm sure he does. "I don't know. He's finally asking me out! He sounded so sincere. She decided to call Mary and Alette. ! I need to make this year count. I just need an energy boost in order to get through the day. Although I've grown accustomed to this city, I can't wait to get out of here to purse my dreams as a dancer. And a social life. And no one will ever know about. Kevin is truly perfect in my eyes. He definitely doesn't look like someone that goes Ryan S. David High School. He thinks this is funny? Let me just point out that there is a whole lot more skin than uniform. Who is this guy? She is going on about my social life making me even more frustrated. If I can't even get a boy friend now, how do I expect to get one later? I don't even want to think about him. Not only that but I'm one of the class officers so the office staff and principal pretty much love me. It's Kevin. Why am I always so embarrassing around him? God he's so beautiful. He did have four girls drive him to school. It only seems fitting that I'd get it. Lauren is one of those people. I pretend to look away as they make out but I can't help wish that were me instead of Lauren. Let me know what you think! Come tomorrow, Annie will be penning down the  in her bad boy – good girl cliché. Him. I'm just a wee bit too…devoted. My eyes followed his elbow up the arm and met the pair of blue eyes that I had dreamed of every other night. But as luck would have it, a beautiful love song…I mean stupid love song started to play. It is scary how much faster my heart started to beat. He tipped my head up, and after making sure that I was looking at me, he asked. Though, as she neared the locker room, she slowed down hesitantly and inched forward silently, stopping right beside the door. A loud chorus of  and guffaws erupted from the locker room. One, shaped like a basketball with  written in frosting. I stopped moving and he looked confused and concerned. I wish I could say that I could make all flower power girls proud and say that I am the predator, but face it. Long story, don't ask. I breathed in relief and sank into a seat beside Annie. I glanced up again, waiting for Jared to continue embarrassing Dan, but instead of a teasing look on his face as he looked at our table, it was a serious one directed at me. He bent down to my eye level, and cupped my face in his hands. . You said you never loved me, said it was all a lie. You can deny it all you want. She smiled. Yea I think I could change Kyvan. You don't think I could do it? You're right. Kyvan is fuckin hott! I lied. I go over there to listen to the BAND". Don't call me that. Ally you really need to chill. Come on this will be fun. You'll get the boy. I smiled walking away from her. A familiar voice said behind us. I said rolling my eyes. I said softly trying not to let my disappointment show. I'll try to remember that next time". You have your father's money you didn't earn it. I said simply. ! :) Enjoy! She sighed to herself, relieved that a little bit of sun could still pass through the dusty old windows. Though Estelle had guess before she came here that her stay would be three months tops, just seeing the comfortable living condition she hadn't had for almost two years now made Estelle almost reluctant to leave. The next thing Estelle defiantly wanted to do was clean those filthy windows. As a little girl, her mother always talked about her father with malice in her voice, telling Estelle that her father had picked her name since Estelle took the resemblance of her father. Estelle's Grandma, the one person in her family that looked past her Father's looks, taught her the 'glamour' effect that the witches had used for centuries. It was also said that all species of Specials had a certain beauty that humans did not have. After all these years, still touching it brought some burning back to life. She had gotten use to living in freezing cold, after escaping into the highlands of Scotland, but that didn't mean she liked it. For one, finally starting school. But then again, with more then 300 years in this job, they would have already guessed the skills that he had. It would take at least a day or less for the wound to heal. Dragging them into his truck and hauling them back to Manhattan was going to be a hassle, due to their large frames that had morphed during the fight. Full. For Gage, that was a long waiting period. No problem. . Sadly enough, Estelle had never really had someone as a friend figure, and Alyssa was a person that could pass the title of 'friend' for her. Before she could have said anything, Alyssa quickly scurried to her next class, giggling on the way. Not that Estelle had anything to worry about, since male affection was far from her planned future. Every time he smiled, they would turn into warm liquid pools. It had a sowed in be-jeweled belt that made the upper part more baggy and comfortable, and for the low neckline, be-jeweled clasps to hook so it wouldn't expose anything. As she stepped out from the bathroom, she first noticed Alyssa and Cheyenne right in front of the door, waiting impatiently. It almost reminded Estelle of a movie, or a well layed out scene in both her friend's heads. They complimented her dress when she got in. He had gaped, and Alyssa had come behind him and smacked the back of his head. The music was really fast, most of the people were jumping up and down on the dance floor, everyone smiling. Justin sat by Estelle on the left while Alyssa glared at him from the other side of the booth. He felt himself in torture. Even if he felt like it never left him no matter what he did. He submitted and turned his head to the crowd. No other woman had ever caught his attention like this in over one thousand years, and it felt strange to feel his body straining for her. His body reminded him that before he stopped playing around with women he had most liked the tall ones. And why a human? He wanted to touch her, his hands were itching to, but he could controlled himself. She wrinkled her nose in disgust. Had he lost his ability to make women fall to his feet? He could only have that contact for seconds, for at his touch she cringed back, her eyes speaking her hate. Surely not another Special. Even though she wanted to scream. The others were just as stunned as Marcus was to have seen Gage trying to get the attention of the human girl, but Dimitri just sneered, his nose wrinkled in distaste. At the contact, Estelle swung back, and, with her heeled foot, swung her leg with blinding speed at his head, knocking him down into the snow. She tried to slap him in the face, but he snatched her wrist with his hand. Before Gage could distinguish the sour pucker of her lips, she had already done the damage. Estelle decided that this was the time to run, and bolted down the street and around the corner with her coat flailing behind her, having shrugged out of it to be free of his grasp. He cursed from gritted teeth. What if he's one of them? . . She glanced up at him for confirmation. he muttered to himself. River froze, unsure of what to do, but her lips continued working against his, trying to coax him into kissing her back. Addie groaned, and forced down onto the couch, so that she was straddling him. He was a man, and men did not blush! he prompted. she finished, blushing slightly. And he could count on her for anything. She shook her head. They must not know what to do with an intelligent blonde! But I was determined to make it all work out. Only not in a way I would have ever dreamed, correction, nightmared about. Enjoy! i did start this one shot, as well as starting an rp with deepcrimsonfeenix, that we are looking to eventually publish into a book as well. heh. ! You know that weird kid in your family, the one nobody gets or altogether likes that much? I knew I was different, because it was so blaringly obvious. My grades would come in with the rest of the mail, and the envelope addressed to them would sit unopened on the table for weeks, lost amongst the junk mail that accumulated often. He read the newspaper or various magazines, and I read my novels. We never shared birthday parties as kids, I could remember that much. I'd already been living in that room for close to a year, but my stuff was contained on my side and in my dresser, for the most part. Guess we were about eight or nine then. Oh, I bet he was itching to, but he must have thought about it just long enough to remember how quickly he went from being in control to being flat on his ass, and he let me walk away without contest. And maybe they told him about how they didn't know anything about me…I'm sure that when he mentioned my name, they'd looked at him and asked,  That's if he bothered to ask, anyway. I was jealous, yes, bitter and angry. I ran until I was sure I couldn't be found without effort, and then I staggered over to a small fallen tree, slumping to the ground and pressing my back up against the tree's solid form. It was easy to hook my hands around the trunk and leverage my feet against its bark, pulling myself up the tree with practiced ease, and I reached an appropriate level in no time at all. The minutes passed as they horsed around a bit in the small clearing they were in, and I nearly grew bored enough to pull out my novel instead. It hurt so badly because it was wrong, of that I was certain. And when I finally entered the house, I locked the back door behind me, giving Grandpa the time to emerge from the living room and fix me with a sternly rebuking stare once I turned to face him. I've read it nearly a million times, and this dog-eared version is testament to that. My shorts were faded denim made soft through extensive wear, and there was nothing wrong with them either. The spiteful bitch. Pressing my glasses onto my face, I padded from the room barefooted, going downstairs and finding Grandpa sitting at the table with a plate of eggs and sausage as he read the morning paper. He didn't have to, I know he heard me just fine. I replaced the flashlight on the shelf and closed the door behind me before following the faint trail I'd made through the woods to the river. I followed the river to one of my favorite fishing spots, and I set my rod and one bucket aside to go dig for some long night crawlers, the best to use for bait. It wasn't really the right time for the fish to bite, but there was no harm in waiting anyway. There was a good three feet between us, and my brow crinkled in supreme bitterness. Before he remembers how creepy I am, managing to fall in love with my own cousin. It's always made me wonder if his ass and dick area are the same white, or if they're even whiter than that. How stupid of me, no? He didn't ask where we were going, but he offered low musings from time to time about this plant or this tree or what type of mushroom had been growing on it. And creepy. I moved my hand to the side of his neck, gently stroking as I kneaded his lips with my own, wanting him to kiss me back and save me the embarrassment of being forced to admit what a fool I am. He talked me into anal before I was ready for it, before he even knew what he was doing, angry when I'd gone soft due to the harsh invasion and lack of pleasure. Shocked, he went with it, pressing forward until I happily went backwards, ending up nestled beneath his wanted bulk as I sighed and arched against him. I needed Ken. Not until after we'd recovered my fishing equipment and were nearly to the house. I looked up and back, and we shared a brief kiss before turning back to look at the sky, pointing out constellations. His hand freely wandered down to my ass and groped, thumb and fingers squeezing and kneading enough to send sparks of raw lust deep inside me. Not nearly long enough, not to us. I was done crying, but felt my throat tighten, knowing he understood. And as I was washing my plate in the sink, the phone rang, startling me. we'll see if i get around to writing it. She made all the other girls around her look like stupid goats. I wanted to kiss her. I was a university man now; I thought I'd left all that puberty bullshit behind me! Her legs were bare and she was wearing red cork sandals. Touching her wrist once wasn't enough; she just did something to me and I had no idea how to slow myself down. I didn't care because I needed her in my arms; she didn't belong anywhere else. I hastily let her go, stripped off my black hoodie and jammed it over her head. Her sandaled feet for Christ sakes, complete with red toes and all. I wanted to be the only thing in her existence. I wasn't going to introduce him to her and he knew it, judging by the smug smirk he gave me. Dammit, she just did that to me! I asked, desperately wanting to brush her hair out of her eyes. Her cheeks were still red. I was supposed to talk to her and get to know her and let her get to know me and then ask her out, not just yank her around and demand that she have dinner with me like some grunting Cro-Magnon! She'd love to! Shit yeah! It was all going to be suave-town from here! More like doofus-junction. I'm determined to complete it! Er, so thank you! I knew that the only reason he smelt so goddamned edible was because his immune system was highly compatible with mine. trusting him. Yet I still felt my skin contract into shivers - the adrenaline, I'm sure - as he leant in closer. It was no wonder my substantia nigra was having a field day producing all that dopamine. I couldn't watch. Just a little. moaning? Pardon my poor analogy. I was too selfish sometimes. Oh yeah, and please review. Otherwise, sit back and enjoy! Drops of rain mingled on her tear-streaked cheeks. She pushed them both a little further along the parklane, hoping all the stares would just go away. They were at it once again in public. She remembered when she was much younger, a time when her dad had been stationed in the World Bank headquarters in Sri Lanka, and her parents were taking her out to the local market. She'd been saving up for months now, and her parents finally agreed to let her get what she wanted. Ten minutes, don't forget, they said. Chelsea pressed a fist against her skirt pocket, comforted by the feel of her tiny money bag. Her heart went out to the old man, his stubs of knees settled atop a crudely-made mat of old newspapers and cloth. His eyes were greyed and dilated by blindness, giving no indication he knew he was near a child with long, long black hair. Nor would ever hear again. Also the First week, she got detention for hitting the school bad boy. It was such a rare occasion she could hardly breathe as he led her into the town ice-skating rink. She held onto the hockey stick like she was holding on to the last vestiges of a father-daughter relationship. Her father had swore on the ride to the clinic never to play with her again, but she'd grinned and told him not to be silly. Lol. He had an aura of power surrounding him, he exuded authority. It figured that man as gorgeous as he would no doubt be paired with a beautiful woman. Emma knew her worth was not based on what the bathroom scale dictated or by what beauty she did or did not possess. She navigated to the back of the restaurant to the employee entrance. She came in before the rest of the night shift and was always one of the last ones to leave. She was about to reach for the small sauté pan that contained the red wine reduction sauce when through the chaotic kitchen there sounded a load feral growl. They stood at their stations heads turned down in what seemed to be an act of submission. His usual brown eyes seemed unrecognizable, his eyes seemed to be glowing turning them to a bright caramel color. Patrick lifted his hands in demonstration of his acknowledgment and slowly retreated keeping his palms raised up. He took a few steps closer placing him directly in front of her. Enjoy! Lives have been lost. I'm still convinced that they purposely let her out. And I can't even tell you how many scrapes and bruises I have from getting into fights with the Bowman boys over the years. So we've been forced into joint playdates, vacations, and parties since we were little. Those sneaky bastards. It was the best day of my life. He's pretty much the brains of the operation, the one who designs their evil, elaborate pranks on us. We've made each other's lives a living hell since we were toddlers and he sliced all the heads off my dolls in the middle of my tea party in my backyard. Don't say I didn't warn you, world. And when all else fails, we know the number of pretty much every takeout place in town. Casey wandered in halfway through and spit in the batter. Hey, it works for us. the Bowman household. It's sickening. My parents have never understood the trials and tribulations their poor daughters have had to face at the hands of the dastardly Bowmans. We have officially entered enemy territory. she exclaims, sweeping me into a hug. She's been like a second mother to me my whole life. Men are pigs. She pulls it open and steps onto the staircase. Sure enough, a few seconds later, we hear a loud crash and a screech, followed by uproarious laughter. Her clothes cling to her body, and the signature Garrity dark curly hair is plastered to her head. We meet in the center of the room. Better than letting any part of my skin come into contact with the radioactive alien waste that probably makes up Colin Bowman's body tissue. How fucked up is it that I can't even have my own birthday to myself? But he should know by now who he's dealing with – Nora Garrity does not like to lose. It's kind of a tradition. As Mrs. Bowman whisks the cake away to begin cutting it, I lean back happily in my seat, feeling mighty pleased with myself. We can hardly let our families know that we're still just as competitive about something so trivial as we were when we were kids. Any chance to beat the other one in anything is very valuable. Sure enough, our little concoction had upset their stomachs. There's always collateral damage in any war. Of course I'd said yes, but oddly enough, I haven't heard from him at all since then. It's kind of weirding me out, but I don't call him out on it. How unbelievably rude! Before I know it, Ben has vanished into the crowd of students. Of course Colin had somehow had something to do with this. Far. Before he realizes what's happening, I knock the Gatorade bottle out of his hands. He looks an awful lot like a dumb cow, actually. Gavin Bowman. It's too horrible – I don't even know if I can say it. As in one of the four spawns of Satan. They must have moved onto Gavin and Maggie now. At least I can count on her. ! We only had one wig, so Casey's wearing a baseball cap and some Harry Potter costume glasses I found in the basement. So I decided that Casey and I need to be here to spy on them and see what's really going on. I'm just a natural, I guess. Absolutely disgusting. Apparently one of the latecoming kids has just tripped over Casey's foot. Now I'm covered in greasy popcorn butter. And then, with a sinking feeling in my stomach, I look in the other direction and see Colin, glaring down at Joey. Of fucking course, though, they'd decided to sit right next to us in the crowded theater. He glares at me. Our faces, though, are glaring at each other. I sneer. My smirk fades, and I realize that I can feel his breath on my lips. I haven't been paying attention for any of it. She pulls Gavin out of the row and storms out of the theater. she yells. he orders, and he drags his brother down the hall, away from us. Colin's already pulled him into the main lobby. I had been pretty mean to her and completely ignored the fact that this was her first ever date. How dare they come between my sister and me like this? I should be sleeping in until noon, lounging around by the pool, sipping lemonade, watching rerun marathons on TV… But no. Wouldn't that be fun? Case was not happy about that, believe me. (I still maintain that it was all Dougie's fault, but she won't listen. Since my family is going to be living in the same clearing in the woods as the Bowmans for the next four days, I have a feeling I'm going to be getting very used to the taste of vomit. How am I supposed to do this? I ask jealously. No, he stands over me, laughing at my attempts to construct the tent. They're actually laughing. But no – my little sister and the two youngest Bowmans are still there, getting along with each other perfectly well, acting like there isn't a years-old feud between our families. he asks me slowly and incredulously. ! I'll give her that. I drag her away and put her to work setting up the tent. We leave it abandoned on the ground and head over to start roasting hot dogs over the fire that Maggie and Gavin made. Ha. She's such a workaholic. This is what summer vacation's meant to be. The only one that's missing is Colin, who's further up the beach like me but on the other side of our parents. Like I just can't seem to remember what inhaling and exhaling are at all. Just…what. Because Colin Bowman, bane of my existence, my Public Enemy Number One, the biggest asshole I have ever and will ever meet, is sexy. Somehow, without my realizing it, Colin had grown up to be sexy as hell. Thank God he's put his shirt back on, or I probably would have had an aneurysm. he asks rudely. I declare. Sure, he may look good without a shirt on, but that doesn't change the fact that his personality is atrocious. They're looking into each other's eyes like disgusting lovesick freaks. I gasp. the Bowman boys forever? Not to mention the fact that my little sisters are completely betraying our longstanding tradition of solidarity and actually…dare I say it…getting along with the Bowman boys. I try not to think about it, but every time I see him, my thoughts spiral out of my control and I can't stop myself from mentally undressing him. He pulls the blackened marshmallow off its stick and holds it out to me. I retort dismissively. So I lean my face forward and open my mouth to eat the marshmallow right out of his hand. I glance over at Colin, who looks incredibly flustered. They've got shifty looks in their eyes and they're clearly hoping no one will notice them. Clearly, Maggie and Gavin are sneaking away to make out! It's Colin. His gaze is intense. I question, baffled. With that, she disappears into the darkness. I sit on my sleeping bag, still reeling from the shock of Maggie, of all people, sneaking out to hang out with her boyfriend in the middle of the night. I know they say to keep your friends close and your enemies closer, but there is such a thing as too close, you know. Definitely. Then he turns around and takes in my appearance – my messy hair, and my, ahem, lack of any pajama bottoms. I thank God that it's dark enough inside the tent that he won't be able to see my red face. But I can't help it if my body betrays me! I ask him disbelievingly. I look over at him pointedly. he tells me. I protest. When has Colin ever conceded to me before? The smile on his face is wide and genuine and I'm sure it must mirror the one on mine. he finally replies, and then I hear a rustling as he, too, turns away. My head is burrowed into his chest, and I can feel his hot breath ghosting over the top of my head. My face is fucking pressed against his chest. But right now, all I can think about is how utterly amazing his arms feel around me. But that doesn't change the fact that we've sworn to hate each other for the rest of time. he sighs, burying his face in my mess of curls. I squirm against him, trying to get him to release me. I tell him. Whether it's from being so close to my mortal enemy or from the fact that my mortal enemy is so damn sexy when he wakes up in the morning, I'm not sure. This is just unacceptable. But that's beside the point. When he does, his hold on me loosens a bit, and I'm able to pull my head away from his chest to look up at his face. His hair is all tousled and messy, and his eyes are droopy and sleepy and pretty much pure sex. Focus. he replies groggily. I order. Apparently they'd woken before us. I'm too pissed at Maggie and Gavin for putting me through last night with the asshole to put on shorts right now. Suddenly, remembering our families, I glance over at our parents' tents. Brats. I huff with frustration at all of them – Maggie with her stupid little smirk, Gavin with that stupid superior look in his eyes, and Colin with his stupid sexy bedhead. he starts, but I cut him off. So I fake exhaustion (and it's hardly a lie, I actually am extremely tired from spending the last couple days running from Colin whenever I saw him and hiding from him behind bushes) and retire early to my tent. Dad, Casey, and the Bowman boys are standing there looking anxious. So I begrudgingly turn around and hurry to catch up with Colin. They're so predictable. Colin turns to look back at me. Colin seems to have caught on that I've been avoiding him ever we woke up together, and he's starting to ignore me, too. he yells in disbelief. It's actually not fair how attractive he looks when he's angry, his chest heaving and all. He shakes his head at me. I echo disbelievingly. I spit at him. he asks after a pause. His eyes are passionate and intense, and I can't help but shiver a little, whether from the cold brought on by the storm or from the look in his eyes, I can't tell. I feel an inexplicable urge to reach out and slap him across the face, maybe kick him a few times in the shins, too, for good measure. I could do this for hours, really. His hand still on my face tangles into my wet curls, and his other hand slides up under my shirt to stroke patterns into my bare skin. I reach up to run a hand through his hair, and he lifts his head for a moment before leaning back in to recapture my lips. I whisper. he calls. Colin exclaims. he tells me. Mrs. Bowman bursts into tears when she sees Dougie, hugging him for a good five minutes, and then she starts screaming at him for making her worry so much. Colin, I think, feels the same, and we both studiously avoid each other for the rest of the trip. she greets her best friend happily when she answers. Ever since running off with a younger woman a few years ago, he's hardly been a good dad to the boys. It doesn't help that Gavin's over all the time, hanging out with Maggie, serving as a constant reminder of his older brother. For my whole life, my feelings toward him have been simple – pure and utter hate. I can't do that, not after their scumbag dad just showed up out of the blue. Joey's eyes are downcast, and Dougie, for once, is perfectly silent. whimpers Dougie. I console him. Here Joey has to pause to take a gulp of air after his breathless and fast-paced explanation. I try for nonchalant and blasé, but I swear I see the hint of a knowing smirk on Gavin's face. I wait for Gavin to get up and go outside to check on his older brother, but he just stares at me with eyebrows raised. I ask defiantly. I hiss at Gavin on my way out. It feels like every nerve is more alert, more alive, now that I'm in his presence. Apparently, I startled him. he asks, his eyebrows drawn in confusion. I swallow, feeling overwhelmed by the weight of his gaze on my face. he finally replies. I say again softly. he tells me. We stroll in the direction of the house as Colin resumes speaking. Did I make things worse"? The world might just be ending. he exclaims, burying his head in his hands. Then he frowns. I conclude tremulously. And then Colin breaks into a faint smile, and that look he sometimes gets in his eyes, the affectionate one, is back. I lean my head into the juncture of his shoulder and neck and breathe in his comforting scent, the scent I've known since before I can remember. It doesn't help that it's just after noon, when the sun is highest in the sky, and my sisters and I are trudging down the sidewalk. Anyway, the end result was that my sisters and I ended up walking to the ice cream shop as some kind of  activity. Plus, Maggie had kept bugging us to hurry up, making the walk even more tiring. He totters off to the back room. I set my cup of ice cream down on a table next to me. he murmurs. I go back outside and find my sisters sitting at the picnic table where the Bowmans had been previously. I run inside the house to grab the spatula and then back out to the backyard, handing it to Dad. It was hilarious (well, my parents apparently didn't think so, since I was grounded for the rest of the summer, but that's another story). My hazel eyes widen when I take in the sight of Colin, standing over me and laughing. he adds in a low voice. I can't have him just grab me and start making out with me in front of both of our families! I whine. I watch, breathless, as he reverently kisses it better. What the hell would we do with all the free time that would open up if we don't have to spend every spare moment plotting and scheming and fighting? He grins up at me then, still kneeling on the grass in front of my swing, and damn if Colin's grin isn't the sexiest thing I've ever seen. Mrs. Bowman and my parents go inside the house to chat or whatever, and I feel a satisfied grin creep onto my face. Maggie had labeled the tub  so that our dad wouldn't get curious and open it. Then she turns around and gives us a thumbs-up, indicating that the Bowman boys are presumably too wrapped up in their game to notice us. Rather, it is full of dozens of paint balloons – kind of like water balloons but filled with paint instead of water – which the three of us had made last night. Then again, boys are idiots. We're obviously going to keep up the good fight. We begin quickly and quietly loading up with armfuls of them. Ooh, that was another good shot, I hit Joey right on the neck! We exchange a round of high-fives. Casey soon joins them, even though she doesn't have any paint on her. I grab a towel and run it under the water, then hop up onto the dryer and gesture to Colin to come closer. But I'm a mature adult (almost) with more self-control than that (barely), so I restrain myself and stick to wiping away the paint. (Actually, the Nora of the past wouldn't have helped him wash the paint off at all, so we're making real progress here, people! He lets out a low moan before stopping abruptly and pulling away. he reminds me, his voice laced with anger. True, Mom hadn't seen it the way I had, but hey, that's what you get when your mom's a lawyer. They were in so much trouble for a couple days. It's the principle of the matter. I smile fondly at the memory of how my sisters and I had switched out all the Bowmans' Christmas presents with Casey's disgusting, stinky socks. he agrees. I punch him in the chest again for good measure, even though I'd already done so back when I found out about it. he admits remorsefully. His blue eyes are earnest. What the hell are you waiting for? I accede. He smells like Colin. *deep breath* That's a lot of love! The emotions are still there. ". . Eat salads". Heh". I just want to look good, you know? You're gorgeous". I tried to climb down to get to her… to help, but I wasn't able to. I would be at the first day of my last year of high school in a few hours. ' I thought to myself sarcastically, shaking the effects of the dream off, 'Get a grip on yourself, Ravana Castico. It was depressing sometimes, being that I always stood out. They were brown-violet in color and a large, almond shape; heavily veiled with long lashes. I cast myself another look as I set the brush down. Having four flights of stairs to get to and from my room was one of them. There was someone waiting for me in New Mexico that I never wanted to see again. We had only been living together for six years so far, and drove each other crazy, to some extent. He despised me right back. In the end, we agreed to disagree and Trent stopped mentioning Father. nothing. He had been skeptical that it would work, but decided that it was the most satisfactory choice. somewhat. From that point on, we had our ups and downs, but nothing could ever tear the relationship we had apart. If I had to be up this early, someone had to suffer with me. All in all, the only thing alike about them was their hair and skin color and their birth-date. Grinning at her gasp of surprise, I pointed a finger at her and made an odd movement like I was laughing, but no sound emerged from my lips. Managing to reach the balcony without dying, I leapt off, landing gracefully on the ground. Though, she would occasionally ask for me to buy her things, she was one of the few people that hung out with me because she liked my company, not my money. Which was one hundred percent correct, but for different reasons than their own. However, oddly enough, this woman seemed right at home. ' I grinned again and gave a bow. No one quite knew the cause. These were often used between my kind to communicate in a human's presence. ' Jamie asked through our mental link. ' I replied. The difference being, like the wolves that we shifted into and run with, we mated for life and there was no word  in our native vocabulary. Thus, turning them into a beast that could not be allowed to live. ' Zoë's voice sounded in my head. The teacher glared, but said nothing more. With a roll of my eyes and a curl of my lip, I took out my notebook and started sketching; effectively ignoring him as I did so. Not bothering to find out what the rest of my teachers had to say, I went out to lunch and decided to skip the rest of the day. While staring off into space, waiting for my turn, I felt the hairs tingle on the back of my neck as someone stepped up close behind me. I regained my composure quickly, however, and socked him in the arm. I hadn't, however, stopped to think that Aubrey might follow me. Plus, I was curious to find out why he was following me around like a puppy. There was the protectiveness again. If not slightly pathetic. and that was my ex-boyfriend after I broke up with him. Turning to face him with my composure back, I smirked up at him. Rolling the joint to keep it from getting stiff, I took off at a slight jog from there. I had never been in this part of town before. I looked up into his eyes and glared at his smirk. I swore I heard him sigh in frustration, but ignored it as though I imagined it. With great effort, I shook it off and forced myself to look him in the eye again. I was often admonished with,  and I suppose I wanted to find out how gruesome that saying could be. someday. As requested. I asked. And Cody's right for once. My place! Mac's house is huge. Eventually Ben sighed and pulled back. I said. Ben had been preoccupied lately. I nodded. "We'd better go. I blushed and nodded. So far. "You'll do fine. I'm not even 18. I complied. We knew our limits. I'd better go. In fact, it has halted any notions of true happiness since the beginning of the tenth grade. Not his mad lust for broad shoulders, angular necks, and tight male asses, but his nerdatude. So Darel Coffman continued to stare, to dream every night, to feel that somehow, he would marry Matt one day, then he would promptly slap himself because the answer to question thirty-six was not I Heart Matt. This fact, while certainly bittersweet, gave Darel Coffman his first glimmer of hope. Matt had dropped the books. The last sentence had been a killer, though. He just needed to let go. And now it was in his locker. Not really. He couldn't keep the flower-power, girly grin off his face. Matt, however, would never experience the pure, unyielding pleasure of being referred to as an ignoramus, for there the football team was, steps behind the Nerdy Avenger. But Darel Coffman waited for two hours, spent said two hours screaming with his under-developed lungs full of fermented air, and no one came. They'd already started a facebook group about it, Darel Must Die, and Darel Coffman was not about to argue with facebook. but Darel Coffman didn't answer as his limp legs were pulled across the dumpster's edge. And they had to have been, because that was his face, four inches away, and those were his bright blue eyes, wide like the plot hole in Romeo &amp; Juliet. He then, knowing that Matt held no interest in cohabitating this bed with another male, tried to get up. So, Darel Coffman was thrown back onto the bed with heightened passion, stared at like Picture Puzzle, and mounted like a slide in biology class. Locked in his locker for the weekend, regularly pushed down stair wells, duck taped to the bottom of a school bus (luckily not very tightly), knifed, thrown, kicked, punched, and all because he was a nerd who had, on one occasion, outwardly expressed his affection for The King. Mathew Hobkins had had the same feeling all through high school, and thus he did hide their relationship; but Darel Coffman couldn't mind, foxy lips and all, so they snuck around like ten year old boys in Victoria's Secret, dry humping, necking, and just talking alone. Love, or maybe he just wonders, but something more frightening than the realization that you are indeed growing up is pushing him towards Matt's dorm room. Hiding really isn't his thing, hence the six foot poster of the U.S.S. Enterprise (plus support vehicles) in his dorm room, but Matt doesn't want the beans spilt; doesn't want people to know he's been tonsil searching with the biggest nerd since George Lucas for over five years. Darel Coffman also doesn't like clichés, and hates being one, because it is the sole reason his boyfriend can only be called his boyfriend when the rest of the world is busy fucking off. Matt stops and smiles into his shoulder. Pft, who goes to the library anymore? Matt then figures well hey, fuck it, and jerks his hips into Darel's, smiling like a cad and not bothering to ask himself why, because why is only good when you want to learn something, and Mathew Hobkins already knows enough for today. (heart). ! Aha! ! I didn't move. Shin…is…hurting! "? ? Jeez I'm slow! He swore the government gave every school in America the same damn bell. The girls in this school seemed to be ogling him constantly. He knew that without help he was going to fail miserably. Everyone was bustling around him, some giving him second glances. His eyes examined her further as he drew near his desk, the class starting to fill up. Spinning around, he saw it was David, one of his newfound friends. He was beautiful…if you could say that about a guy. Now the teacher was here to stop the possible harassment that would come next. The Boss had gotten the man thrown out immediately. David had told him not to talk to Alex but the teacher made it clear, that was not possible. He sat down whilst Seth went and collected the needed equipment. He had many men at his beckoning. He was quite surprised that he hadn't started on the 'faggot' comments yet. He returned his gaze to the new boy. ! . The ghost-like whisper of the flames joined the people's screams and the laughter of their torturers. Both were dressed in the thin, leather armor of mercenaries and had inexpensive weaponry, not that it helped their victims any. he whimpered softly, but the skinny man slapped his beefy arm. He turned to the screaming girl and sliced her head clean off, silencing her cruelly. Before he could even touch it, a hand twisted around his bony wrist, forcing him to turn around and gaze at a large, bald man with a scarred face. In all his years of working for the boss, the bald man had never spared anyone before, had never shown any semblance of mercy. He was certain he'd have a crick in the morning. Soon enough, the boss decided to reward their curiosity with an answer. Understanding dawned in the eyes of his men and a few whistled perversely, but quickly stopped when the boss shot them a scathing glare. Their hopes were dashed when one of the men yelped loudly. The boy responded by spitting blood into his face. Gr, ever-changing FP, fie on you! ? The universities and places are all fictional, but some characters in this story are based on real people – people I know personally although only certain aspects of them were incorporated in these characters. Nevertheless, I hope that you have a good read and bear with my slow (for now) updates. Not to mention, she was never part of the basketball varsity from her elementary to current college years. A couple of dribbles and twists and the ball was sailing through the air and into the hoop. Looks of triumph prevailed in their faces as their fingers inched towards the falling ball before turning into shock as a hand came sailing in between their outstretched arms and snapped the ball away from their reach. The audience all got to their feet and cheered as the ball fell neatly through the hoop. The tall young woman twisted her head around her neck to see who had slapped her and could only smile as her team captain beamed up at her. Two of the other proclaimed mighty veterans had heard her last remark. Now she hoped, that she could get one more trophy and medal in her last year as a collegiate player. She finished scribbling the play on her whiteboard and tapped at each player's position on the court. Now, she was hoping that she'd get even more points by using her mid-range jump shots that is until the other team has figured out how to close her out. She wanted to end the game already and just go back home to her condominium. After snagging the ball in the air and protecting it for a few seconds, she passed it over to her team captain who motioned for her to get down the court. She evaded and cut through three defenders before leaping into the air in an attempt to lay the ball in. Without even waiting for the ball to fall through the net, which actually did, Kieran turned around and started to head back to defend their basket. As for Kieran, she now had a career-high nineteen points and six rebounds. Kieran yelled, leaping up as her opponent attempted to put the ball back in. As the ball rolled towards the bench of Kieran's team, three players, two in yellow and one in green, dove onto the floor to retrieve the loose ball. Finally, the buzzer sounded to end the game. Now, both women's volleyball and basketball were experiencing a surge in viewer numbers in terms of television and live audiences. She was also a junior in college, but had been playing with the team since she was a freshman. With that, she walked into the shower room while the rest of the team lounged around the spacious locker room. The two had become fast friends ever since the raven-haired girl joined the team. They all knew that their teammate was living alone in a simple three-room apartment a few miles away from the university campus. It only part of the truth, but she didn't want to mention their conversation to their coach. She lifted a table to the middle of the room and spread out the sheets of paper on its surface. She wrote down the note on another piece of paper. He looked around the spacious locker room as some of volleyball players conversed with their basketball counterparts. She had switched from her basketball shoes to a more comfortable pair of slippers. She beckoned Kieran to stand at her side as she started the introductions. He watched as Kieran politely shook hands with the captain. she said, watching as Kieran once again shook hands with the equally tall girl. She gave the younger girl a goofy grin. Maya added sheepishly. She pulled out her school identification card. Michelle exclaimed. She took her iPod touch from her bag and set her headphones over her ears. she asked, watching as the raven-haired girl removed her headphones and draped them around her neck. Her slender face beheld light brown eyes, a nice nose, easy-to-smile lips, which were all framed by shoulder length black hair that was turning brown from the sun. she introduced herself, offering her hand to the other girl. She pressed a hand to her forehead. She ran her fingers through her hair. she asked, guessing that the girl's youthful looks made her hypothesis likely correct. she asked. She allowed Steph to take her hand and get a closer look at it. She glanced at her watch and grabbed her dark green varsity jacket from her duffel bag. Suddenly, she looked embarrassed. The bus parked in front of the nine-floor sport complex and let the student athletes get off. They shook hands with each other and traded smiles. she asked no one in particular. Rhea recounted having been given free meals after winning big games in the last few years she was playing and introduced the rookies to the kind owner on their first visit. They said their goodbyes to the coaching staff first before gathering their belongings to make the ten-minute walk to the restaurant. It looked like it was time to use her emergency credit card. Rhea also knew that the bike was what Kieran called a 'gift and a half' from her parents since she paid for half of it. she said, watching as her teammates entered the establishment. With the duffel bag only supported by her shoulder and two bags of groceries in her arms, the raven-haired girl made the twenty-minute walk to her apartment. The youngest of the Fortun siblings was hoping to have a quiet dinner and then sleep in when her cellphone rang out. Kieran demanded. Her other friends held boxes of pizza, soda and other alcoholic beverages. It had been a while since she last hung out with her friends and since Coach Jeanne gave them a day off tomorrow, she could indulge herself and drink. Kieran never regretted it though and never once blamed her friend. After a few long moments, she sets the phone back in its cradle and turns to stare frostily at me. I run my palms back and forth across the expensive black jeans I'm wearing and rock back on my heels patiently. It's just started to snow; people are rushing back to work to avoid the predicted snowstorm creeping its way toward us. I scoff at the irony and flip lazily through a Cosmopolitan while I wait. His file read like a college application to Yale. If I thought for a second I couldn't handle coming back into escorting after everything that had happened four months ago, I should have pitched the profile in the trash the second it was given to me. But I have never done real love, and I don't fuck—not anymore, not after my last client. It pains me to imagine what he must look like beneath the suit. He hands me a bottle on his way around the desk. I clear my throat before speaking in case my voice wavers from the nerves twisting painfully in the pit of my stomach. I barely made it out of my last job alive; I'd like to ensure that my life isn't at risk at the hands of a client a second time. It doesn't help. he says, one word, spoken so quietly I'm not sure I hear him correctly. Get ahead. There will be no drug abuse—prescription, illegal, or otherwise—once our month together begins. I swallow hard. Thanks for the continued support! . . It was the start of a beautiful friendship. he pleaded, still rubbing my hand with his thumb. I said, weakly. . . . . . Just listen to the words. The one who grunts and treats Emma like she was nothing but a nuisance. Like that air in his newest girlfriend's boobs. It all started on the 21st of July. Screwed. You know, the kinds that have your daily horoscopes in it. He looked up from the ground with a boyish smile, showing off his adorable dimples. But I ignored them, and coughed lightly to regain his attention. I squeezed my eyes shut and thrust the letter to him. Thus, here I am now, sobbing pathetically onto my faithful pillow, relishing the recent events along with my childhood memories. I just wish I could grasp that little detail and get on with life. I sighed weakly and sank back onto the bed, hiccoughing. Well, other than those several times when I purposely ran into him, dropped his books so that he would have to talk to me (-grunt- Never mind –grunt-), I don't remember anything else. )in front of the girl he liked during fifth grade. And, uh, missed the football audition. You look much better, doing that. I started pressing the alphabets on my phone quickly, sending a reply. In fact, he once mentioned that if he had a chance, he'd like to be closed in a cage with the monkeys. He was singing the Pink Panther's theme song. Keep that smile, every guy is falling in love with it. Come on… I won't bite. Act sane, Emma. The picture of us: Jonathan, Tyler, and me, squashed right in the middle between the angel and the devil. With a hopeful mind, I swung the door open, expecting a certain black-haired James. But he wasn't done. I said breathlessly, and got into the car. Do not burst out singing like a buffoon. It had to be him. Aimlessly. But there was something about you… Something that attracted me to you. You didn't look happy in it. I know you are. I wanted me with you. You have been the oblivious one, not me. From me to my Guardian Angel. That was when the idea came to me. blah. This is a clichéd one-shot, after all. She spent considerable time with her looks, hoping for just the opportunity that had presented itself. It had taken two days before her father had given up hope that she would ride over and introduce herself since she hadn't been there the night this Mr. Rayne had come over. Most men didn't last long when they realized how shallow the woman was. Renee was trying desperately to impress the woman with her knowledge of the newcomer, along with staking her claim. But she also noticed a sadness lurking behind those blue depths that she wondered about. Her ploy worked as Patricia quickly looked away from the towering figure before her. Casually glancing up, she realized how tall this man actually was. he introduced himself, extending his hand. Luckily, another patron entered the restaurant causing Renee to leave them again. She knew he had from her father, but was grasping at something to say. Adding that to the fact he had felt calluses on her hand when he had shook it made him realize she was not an ordinary woman. she smiled at him. Before he could utter a word, Mac spoke up in a very calm tone that most people who knew her would have recognized as pure anger. She completely ignored the startled gasps that came from both Renee and Mrs. Abernathy. Although he wasn't sure anyone else saw the flicker of pain flash in her eyes, he had and wondered what had happened. When three pairs of eyes turned to him, he was once again mesmerized by Mac's green depths. Finally, a smile crept across her face as she turned to face him. Raising his eyes back to her face, he was surprised to find he was also getting the once over from her. But then, he wasn't most cowboys, as her father had been quick to point out the other night. Keep telling yourself that, the voice in her head taunted. Her heart raced a marathon around her chest as she had watched his eyes venture down her legs and back up again. Mac was mildly amused when Trevor quickly stood and held her chair until she sat. Being in this little hole in the wall in the middle of nowhere was not the place to accomplish that. His thoughts were interrupted by a tentative call from the door. Mac completely ignored the woman as she looked at the ranch hand in front of her. Mac was again amazed at how blue his eyes were as they stared at her. Placing his hat on his head, Trevor pushed through the door. His mistress quickly got him under control before patting his neck and whispering something close to his ear. he called to Mac as they turned their mounts north. Mac laughed. Now she only delivered to the boarding house and the restaurant. The comment Renee had made earlier surfaced in his mind again. She laughed softly at the thought. Looking away again before she got lost in those liquid blue eyes she asked him another question. That's twice my mouth has outdistanced my brain. Her eyes continually scanned the horizon, looking for who only knew what. He remembered how she had gone toe to toe with Mrs. Abernathy in the restaurant earlier. The men respected her, for her knowledge and know how. Her mother had been one of them and look at where it had gotten her. Pulling up beside her, he waited until she looked over at him before calling to her. But here he was, almost making light of it. He had known her barely an hour and he had schooled his comments two years ago making sure he didn't say anything that could link him to his past profession in any way. She would get over it. It wasn't long before she realized he was still behind her. But he couldn't help but notice how beautiful she was either. He could obviously read people better than most. Who you trying to convince, yourself or her. He wondered which one led to Mac's? A door in the back led to the tack room and office. she asked? It came from years of trying to make people around her take her seriously by impressing them with her knowledge. He was finding it exceedingly difficult to breath as he held her. The heat generated from the embrace was turning her blood to fire as it coursed through her veins. The thought scared the hell out her. He could so easily lose control with her. Trevor was only two steps behind her. She had been constantly haunted by a pair of liquid blue eyes that had taunted her all night long. he drawled. So much for trying to keep her distance. Keep it light. And here Mac was, fresh as a daisy before the sun rose. That would be all Harriett needed to start in on the virtues of marriage. Of course, the joke was she loved eating period. Or any meal for that matter. She couldn't help but laugh at his sudden interest in his coffee. she asked, throwing the question back at him? he said leaning down and kissing Mac's cheek. She would have preferred that he stay in the house all together, but she knew that was a lost cause. The evenings were already below freezing most nights and the high country had already had several snows. She didn't wait for Trevor to follow her as she left to grab her gear. hope you can enjoy. too bad he chose the densest kid in town. Trust her to say something like that when I was being serious. Unlike her I wasn't as eager to go to this new school. We are all adopted by the way. i nodded and watched him kiss goodbye to Travis and grab all our backpacks. Lucky me. Chris huffed at my words and folded her arms together. Zane just chuckled. Newcomers were suppose to report there and hear the big welcome from the principle. I watched as my brother walked up to the stage. Zane nodded and forced a small smile onto his face and followed him out. There were at least seven big ogre-looking boys behind him and they were jeering and pointing at me. ! People were whispering and pointing by now, but Duke ignored them. I saw Duke's smirking face as they started walking. Needless to say, I couldn't move an inch. I could have screamed if it was possible or banged my head. . My eyes widened in realization. It came off with a loud crack and I felt as if my lips were ripped off along with it, but I could finally speak. i noticed he had really nice eyes. please review and tell me what you think of the first chapter. anyway, enjoy! It was a dream job for her, but also bittersweet as she would have to leave her boyfriend of 4 years behind in Washington. They had been a pair ever since, traveling to college in Washington DC together and spending summers in their same hometown. Her wild black hair and dark brown eyes were the opposite of Keely's blonde locks and olive complexion, and thus, the pair was startling when seen together. With that she stood and smoothed her dress down looking around for her boyfriend. He wrapped his arms around hers, and placed a quick kiss to her temple. Dave was kind of a womanizer—Keely had slept over at their place many times, and after almost every night she would watch a new girl leave Dave's room in the morning. It had been an ongoing joke between the two of them ever since Dave had first heard the story of how Keely and Andrew had gotten together in high school. She let go of his grasp with a witty smile. Keely knew the fire would dim when she told him her plan, and her insides were twisted into knots at the idea of having to do so. He came to join her on the bed, and took her hands in his, intertwining his fingers. Leaving her to deal with the company, Keely retreated back into her room, collapsing onto her bed in exhaustion. So then she stopped trying. Thanks for reading and please review! Not until he was called to go onstage. Was there anything better? Her best friend Hallie Brock was jumping up and down energetically, frustrated with her, waving her hand in front of her eyes as if she couldn't see. Even if she had to buy two new tires for her Toyota and that stole every last bit of her leisure spending money for the month. And there were numerous high school girls that would be showing up to get their faces painted. She lost her virginity to  on prom night. Ever since her house was robbed as a child, she'd been cautious about locking the doors. It was nothing. She hated the silence of the road. Hallie knew that Bianca had heard their music before. But she wasn't really in the mood that day and her laugh stopped. Not even when Hallie started to bribe her with a cupcake from her favorite bakery. She wasn't joking. She said, letting a smudge of her stubbornness fade away as the rolled down windows in her car blew in her face. Graham's future was bright and didn't include her. Well, somewhat. And she had that same reverie since she first saw him play the guitar in his parent's garage, singing about ditching school to smoke pot. She was tempted to, but she didn't for fear that Hallie would hear. And it was hard to avoid that as well. His name was Cody. When they made love. He was a somebody. Even if she tossed and turned for a least an hour, thinking about her usual daydream until she finally dozed off. But he was special. And I had done the most terrible, stupid thing a relatively smart person can do. No one would know but me; it felt almost special, being able to keep my own little secret from the world. By the time I could get back there and locate where it had flown to when Henry Bishop had snuck up on me, I'd be late to English and risk the wrath of my teacher paying enough attention to me to realize I slept all period. But I had written on enough gum wrappers with the red one that it did sort of matter; it was a habit and, although I had processed that any other color ink would look odd on the wrappers, I was stupid enough to forget how it would change the routine completely. In a rush to make it to school before being so late that I couldn't blame it on the erratic driving patterns of my mother (she seemed fond of taking random and circuitous routes while driving me to school to  whatever the hell that meant) which happened with such frequent occurrence that the ladies in the office had created a new abbreviation in their sign-in sheet for it (DWMF: Driving With Mrs. Foley), I had forgotten to put a new pack of Extra Winterfresh gum in my bag. It was one thing to sleep in English because the teacher never noticed, but my physics teacher would notice for sure if I nodded off. I was still thinking about it when my band director yelled at me because I had the shortest arms out of all the trombones and couldn't comfortably reach a sixth slide position, so my out-of-tune horn was making the rest of the section sound bad. I unwrapped it and was disappointed even further. How was it possible that I was so in love with Henry Bishop when the only gum he carried was the equivalent of sucking on a lemon? who better to teach the hour of hell but a devil? Sure, they weren't exactly poetry – I couldn't even write poetry if the comments on my third grade couplets were any indicator (Please do not write poems about your brother's dead cat, Jude) – but it was never like my little notes were illegible or unintelligible. Someone would find out! I didn't have the brain capacity to argue and be so paranoid that I thought everyone knew of my gum wrapper confessionals. It just doesn't work when you're so much of a coward that you have to write love notes on a gum wrapper that were never intended to be read by eyes other than your own. ). In a hypothetical situation, of course. Where Stephen was valedictorian, I was barely passing physics, and even then, it was only because Henry Bishop was online every night to help me get through the homework. ). Reluctantly, she pushed herself from the tree, holding onto her leg as she limped through the trees. She clutched at her thigh, cursing as the pain prickled up her leg. She barely noticed the dog's teeth threatening to sink deeper in her flesh as her fear grew. Soon all the dogs released their grasp on her, allowing her stand and run once more. It was impossible to release herself from his grasp, let alone breathe. There were white flowers glowing near the base of the tree, giving off a hum of appreciation as it sucked in the beams coming from the moon. . Maybe I should explain? He was that good. I saw the look on her face and recognised it instantly, and that's when I knew I'd end up chasing this floppy haired prick and his motorcycle as he tried to steal my woman. So the bike sped off, and I followed. The jerk never has a chance. . But it was hers, and if she had been smart as she was beautiful, the A's were always a given, and we sat just staring at the papers in the front seats of my car for a little while, basking in what this meant for her. Average anonymity is not a crime, nor is it a curse, so if you DO pity the average, go fuck yourself. What have YOU done today? So I grinned, flashed her my sincerest smile, and asked how Derek did. I loved that. And that's how Derek Fisher ended up next to me as we pulled out onto the high street, leaving High School behind, none of us ever to return. We both knew it. Derek smiled, a genuinely friendly smile, for Eleanor's benefit of course, and opened his mouth to speak, but was drowned out by the excited scream from Eleanor in the back. Derek had the same genuine smile on his face, but I could see by now that it was hurting him to keep it up. The rest of the ride passed uneventfully, the 30 minutes being absorbed with Derek and Eleanor telling in-jokes while I hummed and drummed my fingers on the wheel. I floundered. Yes, I agreed I was an okay driver, but I never considered it a career. His eyes held an amused contempt, and that didn't vanish when I looked. I was a little turned on, and it obviously showed, because her foot soon found my growing excitement. I realised at the same moment what was happening and leaped up from the table, my excitement obvious by the bulge in my jeans. I could see down it, but I couldn't bring myself to look away from the retreating form of my girlfriend and her best friend, the love of my life and her most loyal companion marching away to the door. He'd take her home, then leave her sobbing in the arms of her parents. To even try and tell it would make me MORE of a jerk. But there, on the passenger seat, unfolded and left neatly on display were my exam grades. With the imaginary climax music of a thousand romantic comedies crashing through my head, I ran to the high school to steal from a thief. We'd met here, become lab partners here, fallen in love here (although she claimed I had her at  on our first day), and now, here in the wild flowers and bushes of the centre gardens, we lay naked and stupefied by our antics. she added. My mom would murder me, the publishers, and the object of my desires, the highest attaining physics student in the country. . It's copywright Harvey Morris. I already knew the answer, now I was just showing off. I'd tell her I won it in a grabber machine. I could see the sheen over her eyes and heard the quiver in her voice as she answered me. I just got French Kissed. Christ. And to hear the snubbed groom say he was picking up something for the reception to the wedding he did not have would raise a few eyebrows. You've seen enough movies to know I'm not kidding. I sat down. I almost felt bad for him. Just for effect, I like to think. I insulted her and smirked about it. Especially when it's not my fault. She nearly had me at 'That prick. It was perfect. There were teeth marks on her neck. I didn't need her to say it, and I knew she wasn't going to. forgive me. He was curled up in his corner, a spot where the light and warmth from the fires never seemed quite able to reach. He typically brought with him news from other communities and greetings between friends and family, as well as the odd person or two; people in desperate need of the hospitality and home the Quarter had to offer. Eventually, the separate factions emerged, and with it, the system that effectively ran the entire community. Not all of those who stayed preferred the company of their sex over the opposite, but chose to stay because the Quarter was their home and they did not want to leave it. But there were also private dwellings built for couples who had chosen to commit their lives and bodies to just one other…sometimes, two or three couples chose to live together in one dwelling, if they happened to have a particularly strong bond. They had just set the unconscious man onto some spare bedding when Port arrived, followed by an aging medic. Tim must have come quite a distance to bring him here. Moving away from the spot, they hovered near the doorway to their home, still greatly disturbed. They might be separate in government, but as they coexisted within the same community, such a decision involved everyone. It was the deep groan that alerted him that the patient was awakening, and he crouched down nearby with a skein of water in case it was needed. Eyes wide, Port backed off and prepared to run for either Ret or Sean--except the stranger fell abruptly silent, eyes closing as he breathed deeply. After a moment, he mentioned that there had been another man who had received the same fate but had already succumbed by the time Tim happened upon the pair of them. He'd had to do it twice, and the experience was something that rather made him queasy in recollection. Still, Sean's apology for riling him had been rather wonderful…and then his returning gesture had been most pleasurable as well…. He was younger than Sean by a good three years, which wouldn't be a great deal if not for the fact that Port was still only seventeen. Sean later confessed that his feelings for the younger man had stemmed from then. There was only one person Port knew to act in such a manner…but it couldn't be. A shriek of pure delight escaped him, as it always had, but then he was lowered and crushed against the gangling form, his oxygen supply severely limited. He had promised the dying man that he'd do his best, that he'd never let them come to harm. If not for that oath, Robin very well may have been one of the leading forerunners against his own brother, physically holding the knife slicing off an ear and scarring the face from hairline to chin. When he left, he supposed that Robin had been forced to try to fill that role, even though he had never had been as patient as Port had always managed to be. All the things that Robin had shouted at him the day he left, the words that had never failed to eat away at his heart ever since. Ollie appeared to have partially recovered from before, his chipper mood sliding back into place. It could almost be said that it was as if his face had been pressed flat, but not so much as to have an unpleasant effect. It was rather easy to read Port's thoughts. They'd rarely failed him before. Ollie thought the man was the prettiest person he'd ever seen, many times more so than any woman; he decided then and there that the man was his new friend, and rather hoped the man felt the same for him. Sean had never met a man who could pick him up with as much ease as the redhead who squeezed him and laughed with abandon. What he couldn't understand was Port's inability to approach that child as he did any of the others; a fear was there that Sean couldn't soothe, much as he wished otherwise. With any hope, the friendship would force the quiet man from his shell long enough for him to realize that there was something in this life still worth living for. Ollie looked backwards just once as he followed Port, pleased when he saw that his friend was looking at him as well. Not just in his words, but his fatherly actions, as if Ollie was nothing more than a toddler to be coddled and corrected. This led the man to believe that perhaps Ollie had been treated as a child for so very long that he'd come to revel in continuing to behave that way…even when he was clearly brighter than he seemed. …She had been a friend. But tonight was one night he didn't give it much thought. He was not known for going on social callings. Sean's face appeared after a moment, momentarily strained at the thought of what could pull him away so late at night, only to show shock as he saw his visitor. When Zacharias smiled, Sean could see the depth of his beauty fighting to come out, that depth he'd always known to be hidden somewhere beneath that forced cold exterior. It was difficult to calm a grown man who could rail and rant and toss someone off as easily as he could water from the river. At the time, he hadn't thought about the 'why', just the knowledge that Ollie would enjoy it; that had been reason enough. Zacharias' uncle's version of the delicacy had been much desired throughout the village, and the man had passed it down to his only surviving nephew in the hopes that it would continue to live through the family line. If he ever wondered about him in return. Even if he returned to his village some day, they would never recognize him as one of their own. For as long as he could remember, nobody had ever taken to Ollie quite so well, immediately accepting the man for who he was. Laughed with him--as if he truly cared for and liked him. In a way, Port harbored some guilt for having been unable to honor that request, even though Zacharias had never given any indication that he ever regretted surviving his wounds. She already knew why I was frustrated. Colt and Ellie weren't as gifted in our fields and Sofia and I weren't as gifted in theirs, so whenever we needed study buddies, we knew who to run to. While Sofie was the funny albeit slightly sarcastic one, Ellie was sweet and gentle, and never poked fun at you. At least wear some thick stockings or leggings, right? Something that affects teens in general. Nowadays he made many girls giggle in the hallways. Ever since then, her eyes were filled with stars when she spoke of Colt Fredericks. Many males had tried and tried to steal her heart, but she wasn't budging. Unfortunately, Sofia had fallen for the cocky bastard, so I was stuck having to endure the mind-wrenching chats she insisted on having with me about his  and . I replied in a hushed tone. Sofie grabbed a salad. I knew it was only a matter of time before Colt become chummy with those kids. How could he just up and leave her alone? She's part rabbit in case you were wondering. Oh, Ellie. I suddenly remembered giving my ticket to Danielle because I was too lazy to hold it. alright fine. . . ". Or you can just leave…". No. You're…. You used to be this docile, geeky person with no clue of what to do around other people. I ask once we reach the bottom. Matt, on the other hand, has changed so much on the outside, going from gangley teen to manly stud, but still is the same innocent boy on the inside. I'll love you forever. This I was used to, but I'll be damned if I liked it. I couldn't say no to such an innocent life. Most shunned me and acted as if I was some kind of disease, although most were my patients. The fear of the unknown. It was a poor town after all. As it was pulled back, a middle aged woman smiled tiredly at me. It broke my heart to see her in such a state, but it only showed how worried and exhausted she must have been taking care of her new baby boy. death. She only sniffed and wiped her eye. This poor child, so innocent but having to suffer so. A small whisper then coming from my lips. I met her grey eyes and saw the tears pouring down her cheeks. With only me here, she didn't bother to cover herself as she sat, lowering one side of her tunic and pulling out her breast to feed her child. I was pretty sure I was going to need more than a day to recover from this healing. Her husband being killed in the fields by a raid of bandits. He didn't have a chance. That was until I got halfway back home and a certain someone stopped me. Oh, I forgot to mention: On top of the town being afraid of me, I was also named, 'The Beautiful Devil,' or 'The Healing Witch' or a combination of those two mixed with a few other titles. For instance: I always did things behind doors and used props to make it seem like I had medicines that worked miracles. He carried himself well and the twinkle in his blue eyes always got to people. Mr. Willink had a habit of smoking a bit too much if you'd ask me. Me, being interested in the human body, I didn't hesitate to look as he moved. He was a womanizer and I knew the kind of things he did with those who showed interest. My eyes went wide as he smirked down at me. I avoided showing off my hair as much as possible in public. Mix that in with the stench of his sickness and knowing what was running through his head right then and you've got a recipe for throwing up. I was way too weak to stop him. I had to stop for a moment and stare as I tried to figure out what had just happened, considering he was no longer holding me, but glaring in another direction beside him. But I looked over to see who he yelling at and that's when I saw him. I couldn't help but stare. . I held my breath and froze. Remember when I said I had never met anyone or seen anyone that had such a different appearance like I did? I felt I could breathe again if it were for that man's eyes not leaving my own. Mr. Willink's eyes went wide as the stranger grabbed him around the neck in one swift movement and lifted him off the ground with just one hand. If this man was different like me, and had some kind of power, Mr. Willink didn't have a chance against him! I turned towards the man, feeling his eyes on me. You never know! I had to do something. Plus he was handsome. stared. I just blinked and crossed my arms. This could prove to be interesting. Her pale blue eyes flashed hurt and sadness, and then she quickly put on a front. I noticed that when she finished and then took a piece of large cloth and wrapped it around most of her hair, hiding the majority of it. . she seemed so open and comfortable earlier, and now guarded? . . Then, it hit me and I straightened up in the chair she gave me. She must have realized it, considering her hair and eyes and her aura was definitely not normal. But it was beside the point. She was a bit obtuse. They stopped where the kittens were and she began to coo over them. He crouched under one chair, eyes sparkling. he gestured to each as he spoke and the cat's head followed the motions. Of course putting a collar on a squirming ball of fur is not an easy feat, and Tom escaped again. He didn't mean to spend the night there, but he did. He followed the white mess around the kitchen table where the cat sat, looking rather proud of himself, covered in the white powder. A patchwork mix of black and orange. Blaine just kept staring. After all, his cat just transformed into an attractive man, who then informed him that they had a contract together and he would continue being his cat. While he was in the bedroom, Holt had slipped into the bathroom and washed off the flour that he was covered in. He tossed it onto the table, wondering what other foods would be necessary for a balanced diet. He must have approved because he nudged it with his nose and looked up expectantly. Holt rushed over, but ate rather daintily, possibly to keep his spotless white jaw clean. The markings didn't touch his ears, but topped his brow, ending over his eyes. Hesitantly, he ran his hands down Holt's back, which he seemed to enjoy because he pressed his butt up against the touch and Blaine stroked again. The room hummed slightly. It had been a while. Their tongues met and Blaine's hands coursed down Holt's back, the skin soft and smooth, slender muscles twitching beneath the touch. He kept backing until he hit the wall, and then Holt ground against him. With a grimace he pushed him away, hard enough to force space between them, force Holt to stumble to keep his feet. He stared at it, which was unchanging, unmoving, trying to think of something to calm his arousal, until there was a low groan. He continued until his words were lost in his heavy breathing and a series of gasps, followed by a long, content purr. Of course the shape shifter could easily get to it, but he was hoping that the hidden spot would encourage him not to. He also knew later there would be a conversation with Holt about it. And he wasn't into bestiality. Because Blaine was pretty sure it was a very fine line between the two. He had a headache by the time he was home. He took a deep breath as he escaped to the kitchen. But somehow Holt still pulled it off, the pants hanging low on his hips and the shirt draping around him, hinting at the leanness beneath. he answered the phone, stretching out across the couch and flopping his book onto the coffee table. He took the seat next to Roe, his mouth wet with the thick aroma of spices. Blaine opened the door, hoping to hell that Holt was still in cat form. Then his head flashed to the couple approaching him, he hissed, and dashed away, taking refuge in the spare room where his litter box was now situated. They didn't love one another, like boyfriends should, but they enjoyed one another when they both didn't have someone to satisfy them. It wasn't a complete lie. He was quiet and reclusive, either hiding in his own room or curling on Blaine's chest when he slept. The unmotivated probably stemmed from being tired all the time. It was late in the day, for that much light to be coming through the window. He was several bites in when he realized this wasn't the soup he bought on Thursday. He fell asleep on the couch and when he woke in the middle of the night to stumble into his bedroom, Holt still hadn't returned. He probably had his own house somewhere, although how he paid for it was of question. He was staring at Blaine passively, as if he didn't care what answer was given. Blaine wanted him to leave Holt alone and was about to say such when Holt's eyes slipped back to him. Blaine sighed and closed his eyes. He was just as gorgeous as he had been when he stopped by Blaine's apartment, but his aura read strictly as  His fingers were wrapped around his collar, not tugging to free himself, but clinging to it. Betty said of Blaine's gloomy presence at their favorite café. Holt's pained look. It didn't work, but his friends got the point and shifted topics. Did he want Blaine to hook up with someone or to get over this fascination so they could slip back into their casual sex? But that wouldn't work when every touch between them felt like something more. Holt was sitting on the same bench, with new, equally alluring clothes, but his hair wasn't combed and it was lying flat, almost to the side like a cat's ears when it's scolded. But he was sitting on the bench where Blaine would know where to find him. They kept talking until an older woman, probably the girl's grandmother, came up, greeted Holt warmly, then held the girl by the hand as they walked off. The light green eyes looked away, across the street. A quiver started in his lip then spread through his body, ending just as quickly as it started. Just tired. Roe looked unsurprised. Something he could wrap his head around. But Holt didn't move, except to look up when Blaine was standing in front of him. And for those heartbeats, Blaine knew he'd pushed Holt too far for too long and there was no second chance. They shed their clothes as they made their way to the bedroom, unable to keep their hands off of one another. Holt seemed to especially like licking. None of these things were thoughts Blaine had during--he'd had a lot of troubles focusing during--but after their second round, when Holt was half curled on his chest, a purr warm in his throat, then he could think. The laughter was contagious and washed away the guilt he felt on taking so long to realize what he wanted and letting something so small as a cat stop him. I present to you, my version of a football romance novel. Which brings me to the real problem—what was I going to do with this attractive, brooding man? But now, in the midst of my escape, I was faced with yet another problem. He didn't want to fuck me and I didn't want to linger—we had no business with one another. Dallas Kier was a rookie quarterback out of the University of Alabama who'd been picked second round of the draft by the Avercion Copperheads to replace football legend Michel Karonda. The two brutal loses were causing the fans, the reporters, and the coaches to question Dallas Kier's ability to lead a professional NFL team. (Well, nobody said football fans were nice. Basically, Texans football was my religion and their division rivals, the Avercion Copperheads, were the equivalent of Satan. Average for a pro football player. Dallas took his time assessing me and, after a moment, he reached his conclusion. After an unnerving minute of silence, he seemed to realize I wasn't going to take the bait. And, damn my treacherous train of thought, I started to wonder what it'd be like to cup his face in my hands and run my thumbs along his cheekbones, wonder what it'd be like to cover his mouth with mine and feel the long, hard length of him against me—I really shouldn't let my imagination run away with me. It took all my strength to lift my head and meet his eyes. And, by the heat in his eyes and the desire pooling in my stomach, I didn't think we were going to stop with just seducing. If it were any other day, I would have stepped away from the kiss and slapped him or used my pepper spray—but this was a pro football player and he was hot and Leroy had made me two margaritas and, as much as I hate to say it, I was attracted to the goddamned Copperheads quarterback. My stomach was twisting in excitement as our mouths worked in unison. His tongue ran along the inside of my mouth, causing me to shiver in delight and curl my fingers into his soft, black hair. They slid down his back and underneath his shirt to his abs—and boy, let me tell you, Dallas Kier has some nice abs. Neither one of my moved. I leaned forward so that my cheek rested on Dallas' shoulder and let my body tremble with laughter. Fun Fact: Dallas Kier's situation as Michel Karonda's replacement was inspired by a conversation I had about what would happen if Tom Brady retired from the New England Patriots. Not having the ability to form a complex thought while crawling around on the floor would have driven me insane. The one thing I wanted to do was restore my magic to its full potential. I was too curious to give it up. Re-learning all those skills was always fun, much like creating a new character in a favorite game to level up from scratch. Give me ten years and I would best him again. And Derek was the proud bringer of said causes. And why would he have taken advice from the woman he despised. It had proved troublesome the first time. I knew he couldn't see me, so I wasn't alarmed at his sudden inspection. As I sat down on my bed, I thought back to when my fate had first changed thanks to a stubborn wolf. I heard enough in church to make my own conclusions about what would happen if I showed anyone. I lived in a bubble of ignorance, and not until a century later would I learn that I was born the same year that the Constitution was adopted. Of course, feeling freer than the others, no words of prohibition stopped me. Much like them, I hated having my territory restricted, as I felt everything, as far as my eyes could see, was a free land I was entitled to walk. It wasn't like they were losing much, just a daughter who had never quite gotten attached to them. Conrad was devastatingly attractive, I could easily anticipate a few rivals for his attention. The more I stayed, the more I divided his self – both the human and the beast getting desperate to receive what they wanted. Wolves adored their kids after all. I thought he was worried about his wolf, ungrateful as ever of my kindness. I was too angry and insulted to. So I kept telling myself steaming with rage on my bed. I had made up my mind. With this much trust rained on my person, it was only too easy to ditch everyone. But Conrad had gone and chosen his own destiny, and had caused this monstrous gathering of destructive energy. Letting it have a normal childhood filled with love might change the evil in its future. I loved this freedom I had, this ascetic life I led. A witch always follows such pulls. She said I was so lucky and she'd do anything to trade places with me. And maybe if my adorable baby sister, who at one time had adored me, hadn't gone missing, well then yeah, my life would be cake. She turned the door knob and thrust it open grandly, like revealing a priceless work of art, and hit a light switch. I stood in the middle of the room and turned slow circles, the first genuine smile I'd been able to muster in months slipping on my face. Mom would never, ever allow me a room like this in her pristine home. I rolled my eyes and brushed past him, toward the house, without so much as a thank you. A bit of guilt ate at me but that little anger-demon that was my constant companion chased it away. I was nowhere near in the mood for anything remotely naughty – especially with myself. She'd only inherited the house before Thanksgiving and had spent weeks refinishing the floors and painting the walls, intent on selling it, until she decided that I could use a change of scenery. Aunt Franki had leased out her Chicago apartment to move to this tiny tourist town in Southern Michigan in order to give me some semblance of normal life – to allow me to finish my last year of high school as normally as possible. I heard him and his friend thunder up the stairs like a herd of wild elephants and once peace in the basement was restored, I relaxed. Or the Peppermint Schnapps. She came to rescue me from the House Where Gloom Lived and I could never express my gratitude. I didn't want to look inside even though I was quite aware of the contents. That joined the CD next to my leg. She deserved her own space. It had only taken me an hour and a half to unpack – what did that say about my life? I will finish it, I promise. We'll see how it goes. I forgot it now (LOL sorry). It never ends. Sequel to Our Room. But the one girl who seemed completely immune to his charms was the one girl he desired the most: Haley Saunders. Conrad, according to himself, always let Haley win (although she won fair and square each time). This is a right old story of Romeo and Juliet. Two boys, both their boyfriends, surrounded the two girls. He never saw Jake even hold Haley's hand once. Poor little Haley probably hadn't felt any immense pleasure since…well, that isn't important. He wasn't someone she could trust anymore; he was her enemy. Lily's blue eyes narrowed. Many students began to whisper as Haley, enraged, began to follow him. He wanted to hurt her. Pushing Dominique away, Conrad sauntered up to Haley and pushed her against the wall. Belle raised her eyebrows. But Belle just laughed. Review kiddies! Now he was stuck working register in the local Kid Mecca, a college dropout mid-freshman year with very few prospects for the future. There was only so much of that stuff a person could stomach before losing the taste for it. The fact of the matter was, he wasn't supposed to be here. He'd already burned a good ten minutes of his break with his little shopping trip so he gave the cashier a bright, reassuring smile – after all, he knew all too well what it was like to be trapped behind a counter and forced to be friendly to rude, grumpy customers - and grabbed his lunch before rushing out the door on his way back to McDoogle's. Mark gushed as he tried to pull the guy's hand away from the spot he seemed to be nursing on his forehead. The golden highlights racing through it seemed to set off his tan perfectly and Mark could tell by the way his eyes crinkled at the corners that the other man probably spent a lot of time outdoors. It was bad enough that he'd been caught wandering around during break. Mark didn't want him to see the possessive way that Jason was grabbing hold of his arm as he led Mark quickly across the parking lot toward his workplace. Once he did, Jason would find ways to sabotage any efforts that Mark made to find work and Mark would end up a middle aged househusband with no income and no way out if things went downhill. . Then he retrieved his apron, tying it around his narrow waist as he headed back up front to return to his register. I love my dad. Livy sighed over the phone. it just gives me a headache. Was it really supposed to be 11 and not 21? Thank God for people like him. I hate math. I've thrown out that idea out of the window. I'm just going to stay here, leaning on my locker, and observe the people that pass me by. How nice. I wonder if he has friends as hot as him. I slowly let it go and cleared my throat. It did not hold my attention for long. Girls actually wanted to be me. This is sooo not going to be my year. She's all black and dark. Good thing he did not make me go in front of the class and introduce myself just like what my Calc teacher did. I refuse. She was waving me over and of course I'm gonna join her and her friends for lunch. she might be telling the truth here. Don't get me wrong, I am interested in boys but I just got out of a relationship here. Why didn't I think of that? These people must be really really rich. I'll be on my way back to the top. Cheering is my life. Not even just a herkie. This is worse than when Jason broke up with me. IT was the gorgeous guy from the hallway. If I thought that Tanner was gorgeous, this guy is a demi-god. This is heaven. He was slightly turning his back to me so I still can't see his eyes, though I reckon they might be something dark like brown. Dear Lord, please don't let him know that he might now be the new subject of my fantasies. Please. because i like the abuse, apparently. it's ok, you can hold the polite applause. Sweet, stubborn, and mine since I found him tangled in a plastic can ring when he was deceptively tiny. When it didn't, he licked his chops and looked at me instead, tremoring body showcasing his powerful need of breakfast. Of course, I'd made them for my brother, which accounts for most of the pain I continue to associate with the whole mess. So, though I work from my basement, the area felt more open and full of light than one would normally expect. When asked for clarification, she'd given a saucy grin and stated that any gayboy who saw my buns in these jeans was going to get one boinger of a stiffy. It'd been a real shock for him that the house was mine, though he had vested rights in the use of the dock. Her middle son, however, was a year older than myself, and he owned one of the three local shops geared towards tourists and antiquity dealers. They greeted me warmly, and we chatted about this or that before I left, seeing that everything was as it should be. Just one of those you see around town. My hands ran along the joints and seams, enjoying its workmanship. But when Jasper arrived, a half-block walk got added to my evening routine. But when resistance is futile, you just have to accept it. And I suppose I could complain to the city about the cars that always block my driveway and my whole entire street, but it's not worth it. If my social life was up to me- and when it's left up to me, it involves no socializing at all- I'd spend every night at home with a homemade meal and my TV. That's just how I roll. Ugh. I do let my traitorous eyes dart down to get an eyeful of the bit of exposed chest his top two buttons are treating me to. Mostly because he's staring at me like I'm some sort of delicious dish he's planning on serving to all of his guests. He just shoves his hands in his pockets and turns around, cutting across my lawn so he can get back to his party. Blah. Barely. AKA the grocery store down the road. Blocked in. They don't even live here! It's all really stylish and classy. Instead, I look kind of like a hobo who went psycho and broke into a rich person's party. I grab a box of tissues off of the table in the hallway and back toward the door. Well, it doesn't have to feel left out, because I'll just sneeze on it. So I press play, but then the doorbell rings. Feel better. no cars. I can't stop my tongue from darting out to wet my lips, although I do manage to stop my eyes from devouring him. It tugs at my heartstrings and I can't help but feel like he wishes I had come over for some other reason. And he seriously has been trying this hard to get me to notice him? I hitch a leg up around his waist and drape my arms around his shoulders, opening up to him and loving the way his tongue strokes across mine in my mouth. The doorbell rings far before we lose our shirts. We fall into the bed in a tangle of limbs and overexcited kisses and I can't even see because my hair is in my eyes but that's okay. You didn't even know I was writing you anything, did you? That her twinkly gray eyes would sparkle, and her lips twist into that sassy smile I know so well. Not at anyone. It would not surprise me at all if I found her phone in a million different pieces on the grass outside her balcony. I've looked near the trees, the far side of school where we sit, the quadrangle a couple of times and I even went so far as to ask her brothers whether she was sick or something. No. I've had to listen to her complain about them enough, after they've been over at her house for one of her mum's dinners. No matter how gorgeous they were, it still wouldn't change the fact that they seemed like complete bitches. How could she let this happen? Corbin's never voluntarily talked to her in her life. Does she think this is funny? I can't help but wonder why Corbin is wearing clothes that would sooner fit an eight year old than any normal teenage girl. No one should have that look at all. Not that, you know, they'd wait ordinarily; but someone did. That was Corbin's thing: was. Every idea that pops into my head sounds stupid, because what, honestly, can I do? I feel like I'm arrogant trying to think that I do, that I do know what is going on. She used to tell me every single detail even if I told her I just didn't want to know, she'd just giggle and plough right ahead. I don't know anything. Why didn't I notice? I can tell when I'm not wanted. I sigh. I feel like an outsider. xD. You get offered these two choices, right; to spend your holidays either at your boarding school, alone 'cause you're possibly being the only kid dumb enough to stay there (with the warm company of that creepy and possibly paedophilic caretaker), or at your sister's spacious and bodacious little farm up in the gorgeous green Atherton Tablelands. Abso-fucking-lutely flabbergasted. Tsk. Would suck if you're into feng-shui. I like it hard. I may be a dickhead, but I'm not stupid. They're always this horrible, thick rust colour that clashes superbly with said hair. Only time will tell! She does this thing with her eyebrows, where it kind of looks like she's set inchworms free on her forehead and just told 'em to go nuts. Broccoli master she ain't, but she does know how to handle sheepflesh properly. A. Surprise. Tic. It does, however, have my most prized possessions in it, and I cradle the bag against me with all the care in the world. Why the fuck do I even need all that crap? One is the library. Fuck what I said about not having a creative bone in my body. Fuck buddies, maybe, or at least we would be if we ever actually got down to that. I'm pretty sure it's older than my mother. The thin woolen blanket over me is my fluffy doona. Trauma does that, I hear. Declaring her undying love in metallic purple ink; all those warm and fuzzy things that made me think we'd actually be okay, that we'd have that bond for the rest of our lives and dammit we'd be fucking invincible. Kids are so fucking naive, and let's face it; I never claimed to be smart. My stomach is such a greedy little bitch. I only have about twenty bucks to my name, the glorious orange note a crinkled ball in my pocket, but I have my mother's memory card details memorised and I can forge a signature like no one else. Something wonderfully theatrical and melodramatic, and the moment my shoe hits the platform a satisfied charge twists through me. I'm better than that, thanks. And that, boys and girls, is the extent of my knowledge. I'm not that into cow-juice. I almost reply, to remind him that it's the holidays, but there aren't enough little reception thingies because Optus hates me with the power of a thousand burning suns, so I leave it at that. Bet she'd like that. She looks about my age, and her mouth is curled appreciatively. When I've managed it she holds out her hand, her long arm stretched out between us, and her handshake is firm. Carice gives him the type of smile that suggests they're Close, and looks back to me as she snaps the sunnies over her green eyes. I have a weakness for directness, so my opinion might be a bit on the bias side. Do they have taxis? Now if only I knew how to get there. They couldn't think of a better name? Shush, stomach. No girl her age should be that fucking strong! Shaping up to be a fantastic holiday. Score! What a waste of fine birdflesh it'd be. I have to force myself not to reach up and check for feathers. She might even have kids. Then again she was a pretty painful person to begin with, even before she got all… diseased. Sly foxes. I can sympathise with girls, I think, and their breasts being the immediate centre of attention. First there's a crazy (yet so edible) duck, then a homicidal maniac of a girl, now this. …Wait, when did you last attend school? ! ! ! Right? The messenger bag feels heavier than ever, like a lead weight around my neck. Bet kicking him would be even sweeter. Oh why oh why do I have to be such an obstinate little fuck? And, fuck, when mum said the middle of nowhere she wasn't kidding. He doesn't have to drag a thousand kilos of junk behind him. Give it a rest. Because, yeah, that's way safer than sleeping at a bus depot. Hell, I don't do anything much. Every now and then a breeze flares up, and the relief is indescribable. As long as she gets her precious break. What country house would be complete without a good ol' barn? There's a double door, glass and twisting, shining metal, and the only things in the windows are glass. Looks like she proved him wrong. They probably have joint bank accounts and all, with a mortgage and university fund for any children already started. Ignoring the obvious (insert seedy winks here plz). She was always such a neat freak. I remember the day down to what socks she was wearing. Must have been too busy with all that trauma. ! What the hell happened to family, dammit? Asphyxiating. To feel anything other than the nice, familiar hatred I've associated with her. Laugh lines aren't laughing anymore, that's for sure. I guess the countryside is doing her body good. '. It does smell good. I can't decide. Smaller. Like him. If at all. The wooden spoon twists in her hand, and the bracelets on her wrist make this irritating twinkling sound every time she does it. Her nostrils flare impressively and her eyebrows do that thing she's inherited from our mother, and some of that old fire returns to her eyes. God, what a loser. I'm tired of it already. (Thank god. No photos of family. It's interesting, if nothing else, but quite frankly a little too dressy for my tastes. Damn. He warns me before he opens the door, and he's right. I don't think I've had a single bed since I was six. You could eat off the floor, probably. Nothing like my bed of feathers. What the fuck is the difference anyway? Sure didn't help you. Goddamn cows. Not underwear, folks. D: Even if you just wanna tell me it's made of fail. I smiled, nodding my head. EeliahsAll the things I'd rather do. Mind you, the local pub on a Friday night is the liveliest place in a small country town and all single males and females are expected to be on the prowl; all except me. Now, it wasn't just that he interrupted the conversation that was taking place, it was the fact that he stared at me for a full thirty seconds after allowing that one word- nay, syllable- to exit his mouth as if that was all it took for me to grab my coat and ask 'his place or mine'. But I couldn't help it, he wasn't getting a clue. . When the bachelors approached me he would lean on the bar and watch with a small smile gracing his lips before turning to the blackboard that had my name gracing it and drawing a stroke to match the other dashes that represented the fallen suitors. It was also the reason I harboured a secret hope that the reason he hadn't approached me was because he shared said infatuation and wouldn't lower himself to the level of the other bachelors. you're welcome. John turned to his friend and elbowed him violently pointing to Chase and then back to me. The toilet; women could stay in there for an hour and it was considered acceptable. A cheer broke out as he downed it with a reluctant smile and jumped over the bar effortlessly. Silence, I figured, was the best option. like a bear or a goose. ' I picked up my bottle and sipped the rest of the contents, placing it down a bit more forcefully then was necessary. He finished and it felt like somebody had kicked me in the gut, because that was all I really wanted; just not like this. But I didn't want to do it and potentially sever the ties with Chase. Well, I wasn't the conversation starter. Shit a brick. or smell? his head tilted in comprehension and it seemed as though the light behind his eyes changed slightly with his new understanding. Chase and my position in the corner pretty much hid us from view from anyone coming up the stairs, the dim lighting assisting in our concealment. I ducked around him with a sigh and went to go into the ladies toilets. We had just started to get into an incredibly satisfying rhythm when John's voice resounded up the stairs, calling Chase's name in a way reminiscent of Marlon Brando in 'A Street Car named Desire'. It seemed as though that final rejection brought the whole joke full circle and I wouldn't have to deal with anymore country bachelors. . :D Review my cherubs, it makes me a happy camper! One minute it was sunny but now, looking out of the water-blurred glass, it was all dark and dreary. Shivering, I located my car sitting by itself at the back of the car park and carefully ran towards it, avoiding the many puddles. From then on, I had no time for guys choosing instead to drown myself in my assignments and work, only getting a breather every now or then. I squinted, making sure not to miss the right turn and that was when I spied him. I, for one, used to love standing in the rain with my best friend just chatting about things in general…until I caught pneumonia. He was walking somewhat casually, hands tucked in jeans- totally drenched. I opened my mouth again only to clamp it shut quickly. Catching up with him in the car, I thrust it out the window and waved it around. I mean, since when did I start picking up guys? The white shirt he was wearing stuck to him like a second layer of skin and I could see that this guy definitely worked out. It just…it just…isn't me. I opted instead to tell him one of my own stories. I swear, the crowd found me better entertainment that the actual show itself. Therefore this 20-30 minutes of 'strolling' was very tiring indeed…for me. I think I'm…interested in him even though I'd 'known' him for around half an hour. And the day before. Guys don't whistle at me when I pass (not that I want them to), people don't glance at me twice…I'm just what you call a plain ordinary girl. To think that all these days of 'exercise' had resulted in me getting kidnapped or something even worse. Wouldn't that mean that he would know where I live? Was he crazy? I mean, have you ever heard of a kidnapper in formal clothing? I sighed sadly, my 21st birthday would probably not be celebrated at this rate. He's infuriating! This is just a thank-you dinner…nothing more. 76. They were much more…brighter. Not to mention that near-kidnapping. It was past 9pm and I had big day ahead of me tomorrow. Something like:  Well, not that I've gotten him. And we weren't even in a car. To my discomfort, he looked me up and down before staring me in the eye. How many times have you had a guy, who you hardly knew, take you out to dinner just for the sake of it? Or so it seemed. He wants absolutely nothing to do with me after this and is utterly shocked at the fact that such a pathetic girl like me actually likes him. I turned around slowly. I shivered as he deepened the kiss and he brought his arms around my waist, pushing me closer, while my hands wound their way up to his damp hair. Anyways, it's onto Project Ashley! No one. I grabbed my laptop bag, put my hat back on, and stepped out into the world. The door chimed as I casually walked into the bakery. I must have miscalculated my own speed because my ass was the next thing flying down those stairs. With a pain filled groan, I rolled myself onto my back and looked over to Sage who was on her back staring at the sky. She picked up her glasses, cleaned them with her shirt, and placed them back on her face. He jumped right in front of us, causing us to come to a halt. Like little bitches. We both looked to our left and saw our lord and savior. My legs were still shaking. He looked at her freaked out face and placed a hand on her chin, then started examining her. I stammered,  At that moment, he pushed me into the tree and held my hands above my head. She tried throwing a punch to the face but he dodged back and pushed her down with his free hand. Like a mother fucking dog. Yet, all he did in response was lick my neck. A pink blush over came my cheeks as he looked into my eyes with an eyebrow raised. I quickly turned to him with my eyes wide open. No man. Staying calm was the only option until I had a better grasp of the situation. I widened my eyes and shot my head to the side at Sage. We reached a very huge, castle like building and were brought in. I've said all my life if some shit like this were to go down either me or my attacker was going to die. My god I have not seen abs as beautiful as those in my 26 years of life. Jake swung me into his chest and we were face to face. His stare continued and I started shuffling uncomfortably. But just when I thought he was gentle he pushed me back on to the bed. Ha. As much as I tried to get out of this, he was one persistent crazy man. I quickly covered my chest and managed to flip on my stomach, earning another growl from wacko. Being a tad bit retarded at the moment, I didn't run for a door. During this struggle I could hear him laughing. And that must have brought up some repressed memories 'cause I was freely crying, snot and all. . My laughter turned into tears and anger. I knew my eyes were blood shot red and my hair was everywhere. I tapped her should and she shrieked loudly. Not wanting this kiss, which I was analyzing in my head, to last any longer, I pushed him away. But to do that I needed something that could get on the internet, and seeing that I had a dumb phone, this felt like my only option. This place was actually quite beautiful once you got pass the guy with the scaly tail. Jake, walked to the counter, still holding my hand of course, and placed my laptop on the desk. I found the laptop I had been pining for and turned towards Jake. And, you know, I was sort of hoping she wasn't dead in a dungeon somewhere. He climbed on the bed and pulled at my bra. Fuck yeah, I was off the hook for a week. Stay tuned. men! You know, moving down here"? totally untouchable! . . I say feeling very uncomfortable right now. . . you're the art geek". . maybe it won't be so bad here. . . . I say standing up. Bad? Unfortunately, there is both good news and bad news. Therefore, I will not be continuing to update this version. I can only hope you'll follow the new one. -. -. -. check out annoyance's profile for more details. Of course, that had been the first and last day I'd ever received a time out, but it was mostly because our teacher, evil witch that she was, hated me and adored him. My inner prankster reared its head in absolute glee, cackling wickedly to the sky. . and nearly started laughing like a stupid, non-subtle idiot when I saw him lift a bright pink, lacy piece of underwear from the recesses of his locker. ) ever did date, then that would mean I'd be spending a lot of time in Ian's stupid, undeserved presence. chemistry thing. . except one girl in the back, reading—I peered discreetly—Wuthering Heights. right? annoying self. . but forgot that I was wearing heels—really, really high heels—and almost immediately started slowing down. And that I was stuck in a truck with Ian Cross of all people. what was it, maturity. Friends that hung out, had fun and well, just normal friends. I mean, it wasn't everyday I stared at a guy's lips like I did. That could totally happen. Oh, and my chest, because, surprisingly, I was still breathing. And I had liked the guy, for goodness sake. and, yet, I tried to keep myself from thinking, Why am I not moving away? Or else. . . ! God, no. That horrible feeling that if you don't say or do something right this second, nothing will ever be the same again? I swallowed hard, willing myself to carry this crazy shit through. Even if I look at his forehead, his eyes are like magnets, dragging my gaze to them. I felt the bottom of my gut slip away. Really Super Duper Scary. They were hard and unrelenting. not Will. . I hardly registered the helpless groan that escaped my lips before I set out after him again. . Than putting it out into the open, for the world to hear? . Not when he was glaring at me so hard I felt I could break down any second. Only Will. Fuck my life. . . Amen. I felt like I could burst into giggles at any moment. His lovely brown eyes were soft and gentle and inside-melting again! Not now I had started. Prick. I felt my mouth meld with his and my hand move upwards to clutch at his messy hair. . I forced myself to listen to what he was saying. Pretty damn exciting. I just seem to be into swearing a lot lately. It's my first one on fictionpress so it'd be really encouraging to have some feedback. I raised my bottle of water in a mute toast to my co-stars before biting into my first sandwich, and observed the different ways in which we each unwound after a performance. Had he seen me raise mine, he would have returned the gesture with enthusiasm and a flash of his famous smile, but at the moment he was preoccupied with Luc. I smiled privately as I wondered when he would actually start eating his sandwich. He had changed into a new outfit, too, but his tie was hanging untied from his collar, which gave him an uncharacteristically roguish air. Both Luc and Johann are a good height, but I can still see over their heads without trying. It was the price of success, and all of us, even Cesare, knew it was worth the time away from our families. He caught a glass of white wine from a waiter as he gracefully crossed the floor, and settled down in the chair next to mine. If not for the ambient noise of the party, I would have worried that he might hear it, too. Considering that he came from Austria and spoke German and French and a few other languages, and could sing in Italian, my own linguistic achievements were child's play. The truth was still difficult to admit, even to myself. Johann smiled as he turned his attention back to me, but I thought I saw a trace of sadness in his brown eyes. He was irritated and rubbing his face against her shoulder, not understanding what was happening and wanting to sleep. Then there were dozens of courtiers, all eyes looked upon his father with solemn, yet pensive expressions. He could never fill his father's position as king if were to begin at so young an age. Louis returned to his place by his brother. Then as if they had entirely forgotten the terrible hours they had just spent at a king's deathbed they all turned to face him, like wolves as they spotted their prey. His frightened heart asked why did his father have to die now and leave all of this to him? To compensate for the king's insatiable spending taxes increased, which no citizen ever liked. The king was badgering him once again about the only subject he ever expressed an interest in. It's a delectable thing to conquer the heart of a young beauty by a hundred sweet intimacies; to see yourself making small advancements with her every day; to contest her pristine innocence and her unwillingness to succumb; to break through all her little strongholds, one by one; to eliminate her treasured ethics, and gently bring her around to bestow your desires. As he thought more about it he recalled the Comtesse de Maine had been looking terribly desirable of late; she might do nicely as his next mistress. He excused the insufferable Marquis as he walked to his bedchamber to retire. It nearly always happened whenever crisis struck he followed through with his own ideas, instead of heeding to Colbert's words. The conquest of them was all too easy, which had served him well in previous years, but now had lost its excitement. He was able to seduce her within six days with his flattery and kingly attention. He stalked out of her chamber without saying one word to her. Just this day he sent her away from court with a husband, the Marquis de Noyelles. His fate was to marry an ill-faced princess with a large pocketbook, but Louis told him just yesterday that intended to preclude marriage for a good ten years. This did not surprise him, he was sure it was one of his officers standing beside his bed, waiting for him to wake, waiting to attend to him. Yes, he did go to bed alone, he remembered the cold blanket that covered him and there was no woman there to warm him up. She must have lost it to illness and it was growing back so beautifully. This was a sign, they would someday make love in his garden of freesia. Her head was turned toward him, one arm under the pillow, the other closest to him was gracefully resting upon the pillow. It would be a joy to die at the hands of such a beautiful enemy. He could even wake her at this very moment and make love to her. Her mind was clouded, as if trying to see ahead while in the middle of a snowstorm and seeing nothing but a blanket of white. But if I'm dead why am I so tired? Despite this her beauty echoed through those beautiful emerald eyes and all the terrible ideas he had about her dissipated. Unless she did not take it of her own free will. If no one but he knew, then as far as the world knew she was not here. He would have to appoint a servant girl to tend to her womanly needs. He would simply have to be dressed in another room today. Colbert greeted him with a peppy smile. He was pleased with her manner and excused all the rest of the women. But this scrawny girl was not in his taste, far too flat in the important places. Something terrible must be going on if the king was speaking to them. she imitated the king. Suzanne hoped she spoke French, for she knew no other language. She diligently worked here for years without anyone taking notice of her, until today. Suzanne knew not what most of the objects in her bags were. It was amazing; she could bend it with a slight touch and then it moved right back into place once she removed the pressure. Upon return she found the lady was still sleeping, just as she had left her. Caring for this mysterious young lady would certainly be worth the effort. I appreciate feedback so please review and let me know what you think! The weights dropped, and the car rose. Shit. It's okay". My apartment. She laughed softly. He said the last plea without thinking. She was trembling. Jimmy was breathing hard. . . I retorted, aren't I good? . . What kind of speech is that"? ! And thanks to my lovely reviewers, you rock! I don't think I need to go on about that. Its eye candy, and that's all that counts. Cora said, her tone exasperated. And not just on the outside, but who was Cora to deny that as well? Do I have a blemish? Summer laughed, blew smoke out of her nose and blew a kiss at Cora. Cora walked into the kitchen and opened the fridge, examining its contents. Oh no. Loather everything about herself. One green, one blue. "Stubborn bitch. Close, connected. Cora shook her head. He had come to ask her about Summer. "Yeah? Cora forced a small laugh and remained silent. Cora smiled and held up her half finished Breezer. She said. It can be really hard. "Its not that bad you know. "Not to worry, just an arrogant moment of self pity. Noah jumped as he realized Cora was talking to him again. He said, checking his watch. I've got work tomorrow. Cora looked at him with apprehension as she pulled her jacket on. What on earth for? "Sure. Noah said, pocketing the napkin in his pocket. Cora smiled and softly scratched Summer's forearm around her waist. she asked. -------------------------A/N - Well, there's a first chapter. Well, let me start from the beginning. Of what? A girl needed to be careful before she looked into them. He dates almost every girl in our school. Jake liked me as a best friend, and that was all. I blinked. ' I replied. ' He asked gently. Hell, if I told him what I felt about him, we probably wouldn't even be friends anymore. ' I asked. I mean, its better than yelling at each other all 24 hours of the day! ' I said reassuringly. Nothing good ever happens to me. I looked at him. I guess he would pass on my list (which Jake happened to be the top of). 'I don't think I've ever seen you before. Have fun! ' I said, shaking my head. 'Hey,' I said, biting into my sandwich. Break ups never bothered him. Seems pretty nice. It was rather rude. I kicked open the door. I sensed a shouting match was about to follow. Why did I say that? Really hard. ! Babies are stillborn, or die in their cot… that too, is an accepted truth. My mother is a single parent, my father having run off with his secretary the night that Paul, my brother, was born, and died in a car crash. And even he is out of reach. I don't cry. How do you tell someone that your little brother is dying? I could see the life draining from my brother day after day, and it was killing me faster than the disease was killing him. Mary-Alice's parents are the ministers at the local Salvation Army church, and she's deeply into religion. And I'm an agnostic atheist who doesn't think twice about drinking socially, and who occasionally lets a swearword slip through. I was so sick of all the pretending I had to do. I also knew that my hair was wild around my head, making it look like I'd been standing in a windy tunnel, or like it was a lion's mane. What had gone so infinitely wrong that he would want to change our happy little arrangement? I knew that if I looked up at him, he would win, so I kept my eyes trained a little to the left of his shoulder. Wise woman, my mother. I already had a part-time job, as well as helping mom out as much as I could. His hands were long and spidery, his limbs long and gangly. I could see every single blackhead on his nose, and the imprints where his glasses rested, as well as the flecks of brown in his angry black eyes. It's gross enough to just think about, so I felt sorry for the girl. I could see that he was going to enjoy this. I answered the question, not looking at anything but the board, feeling my face burn. I had a niggling feeling that I knew who it was, and wanted to scream in frustration. Why had he done something so stupid? Or did he know that this would piss me off, and was he going to enjoy that? He smiled, and I could feel every hair on the back of my neck stand to horrified attention. Jerald Jeffries and Gabriel Donovan. And up until recently, I've never had a problem with him – we've simply ignored the awkward situation between our parents, speaking to each other only when necessary. So, for the past few years, there has been this unspoken, widely accepted hate that resides between us. Even when obeying a teacher, our unspoken distrust came into play. I suppressed a shudder, but moved to sit where I was bid, next to Gabriel. Each second felt like a lifetime, and I felt suffocated. Which pissed me off no end, let me tell you. He looked at me, and nodded his head at the door. Jeffries whispered something that I couldn't hear, and Gabriel's jaw tightened rhythmically, his hands clenching to form fists at his sides, but Jeffries let him go. I found that hard to believe – Gabriel Donovan let very little escape him. I could choke at the thought. Curvaceously slender, if you will. His eyes were disturbingly intense, their deep cerulean blue hypnotizing me. Eased my guilt that he was sick and I was well, I guess. My life was complicated enough. Pretending that everything was fine was damn hard work. And Mr. Donovan had been too good to us for us to do that to him. I was going to enjoy this. I yanked the cord from out the socket, and proceeded to sweep haughtily from the room. I paused, my hand on the doorknob. I made to do the same, but he stopped me once more. Dinner had been an awkward, stifling affair, with more pretending, more lies about why my little brother wasn't joining us at the table, and afterwards I had retired to my room with a massive headache. It seemed that no matter where I went, I couldn't be alone. He was also seriously committed to his girlfriend. His expression was unreadable. My heart whispered. I knew it was pointless, but it was nice to dream about. Please let me know if you have an idea, or a suggestion as to how I could improve. They just sort of tolerate each other. There is a reason I called her Silence, but that comes into it later in the story. ! Including the way he seemed to be amused by my ire. AT LONG ODDSWhen Ginny Kennedy returns home to Newmarket to revive the family's racing stable, she has just one thing on her mind: winning the coveted Dewhurst Stakes at the end of the season. Chapter 1'Happy to be home? Ray glanced across at her and patted her knee. 'Seriously, what sort of reaction am I going to get? Ginny's highs were balanced out by moments like these where her confidence could enter a limbo competition with a fair chance of winning. Ginny shrank in her seat as she heard the clatter of a bumper bouncing over the roundabout. To make things worse, there was hardly a dent on Ray's old and rusty Ford. She wished she hadn't been travelling for the best part of twenty-four hours and couldn't resist flicking her limp auburn hair over her shoulders. 'Look, I'm really very sorry. Once out of the way of the traffic, they reconvened on the curb. Ray scrabbled in his pockets for his Newmarket Equine Veterinary Practice card to exchange. He snapped the part in half on the ground with his foot in order to fit it into the miniscule boot. ' Ginny called, shouldering open the front door of Ravenhill House and hauling some of her luggage inside. Beth rocked her from side to side. How was your flight? Ray, you really should be more observant. His weathered face looked more worn, years of worry and stress etched deep in frown lines, and the hollowness of his cheeks and eyes showed drastic weight loss. This time she couldn't hide the tears and they streamed down her cheeks, soaking Jim's flannel-gowned shoulder. He was adamant that when the staff returned for evening stables, he should be there to introduce Ginny to them. The heavy intermingling aroma of horses and hay hung in the air, so familiar to her that she breathed in a deep comforting lungful. He won four out of four last season including the Richmond Stakes. ' Jim was breathless with excitement and his pale blue eyes sparkled. She walked towards them with a smile on her freckled face. Kerry, this is my daughter, Ginny. He wasn't a work rider, she knew and didn't seem to partake in very many regular stable duties, which didn't surprise her very much considering he looked close to seventy. 'Been a while since I saw you last. I'm okay. She'll give Larocque a run for his prize money, I guarantee. So chapters, if they get done, will be up when they are up. I've become cynical in my old age. It was only because June got such a stupid goofy smile around him that I curbed my natural instincts and settled on using my rapier wit instead of a sharpened spike. He did double check that the back of his jacket was loose enough to grab the gun that was back there. It wasn't overly cold, one of those weirdly warm March days, but it wasn't like sitting outside getting my butt dimpled by a stairwell was high on my list of Friday night activities. Twenty. I squeezed through the doorway, almost getting pushed back out again by the screaming masses (managing to kill my eardrums in the process) but finally I made it into the dark smokiness of the club. Tiernay caught it in his hand before I could point it to his chest and glared at me. . Scary. The queasiness in my stomach lessoned, and I swallowed back down the bile that had risen in my throat as I threw him a look, reaching into my bag and pulling out a machete, perfect for cutting down a horde of the undead. . It wasn't until my machete got caught in the one's chest and I had to put my boot to his Ralph Lauren polo clad chest that it struck me. These guys had taken time to get into club wear. So why were these guys, all of them, dressed as though they had been normal vampires an hour before? Gross. My back slammed into the bar and sparks of agony flashed before my eyes. Fear shot through me as my doom-metre went off like an atomic bomb. It was as if my brain and my eyes couldn't agree on what they were seeing. I gritted my teeth and snapped my phone shut. It was immediately clear that this Spencer either had no love for subtlety, was severely socially impaired, or both. When Darcy blocked that address, Spencer tried again with another address, and wisely identified himself as Emily Park's pen pal. In that time, Spencer had become a running inside joke among Darcy and his immediate friends, on par with Darcy and roommate Ricky's obsession with blonde porn stars. He was a senior at MIT, graduating with degrees in applied mathematics and computer science. Spencer took Darcy's pause as a signal to send even more emails – four and five were filled with reasons why he would be a good roommate, and reasons why Boston was an excellent place to live in, respectively. Four years in sprawling, perpetually sunny Palo Alto had been wonderful, but Darcy needed to go back east. In the course of four years, Darcy shot up three inches, got a tan, and gained nearly twenty pounds of muscle, and could have easily passed for a prospective law student during his campus interview at Harvard, which he had begun to consider the Stanford of the East. This was a fanatic, in every sense of the word. He declined the offer with just enough bite to frighten Spencer off and resumed his roommate search on the more conventional, socially acceptable routes, in grad housing. Emily was good at the art of persuasion, and tearfully told Darcy that if Spencer didn't find a roommate soon, he'd lose his apartment, which was the best deal in all of Cambridge, and that he had already signed the lease. Darcy, who had a moderate interest in computer science, had no pretentions about understanding the elegance of RC's engineering, and was content openly lusting for Susie Sweet, the face of the company and its most beloved model. Because of her, Darcy had an intense fondness for blondes and conquered many of them, providing Emily many stories to fill Spencer's curiosity. It was that year that Darcy and Ricky and Melissa first acknowledged Spencer's existence, that Darcy declared his major and decided to dedicate his time to working in a research lab, to never go more than three days without sex, and to seriously consider grad school. Even if he tried, Darcy did not think there was anything he could do to convince a hermit like Spencer to have fun. There were tears, long hugs and pep talks and though Darcy kept his composure, he very nearly did shed a tear at their final goodbye. Perhaps they could even be friends. Over the past four years, Darcy had, on countless occasions, spent the night on Emily and Melissa's floor watching movies with them while Ricky hooked up in their room in the frat house, and to sexile Ricky just as often – and just the same for the girls, Ricky and Darcy kept an air mattress for Melissa or Emily to use when one of them had an intimate night. Thanks. Massachusetts beckoned. That beautiful Aphrodite he had to scoot past – facing her, and certainly she did glance down with fluttery eyelashes – was the only thing that could have made an eight hour flight bearable. He just looks back at me, bored. he's just, so sophisticated. . Eyeing my tomato juice suspiciously and biting my lip I come to the conclusion there is, indeed, some missing from the bottle. That Male has actually cleaned something for once in his miserable little life. which doesn't really sound like much but for him it's quite an improvement. I bet my aunt told his mum about his treatment of me and these past few days have been pathetic attempts at being a 'better' tenant. I make a face. That Male gives me a look and raises his eyebrows, and in turn I look away and walk over to the drawers, averting his gaze. Just so if I found out he had some of my mix I'd get less mad at him. He sinks down in the chair, looking at me still. He returns my curious look with a sarcastic one and an even bigger scowl, crossing his arms. I give his shirt another little tug before letting go to go grab a cloth for the orange juice. He shuts up. That Male never wants to look like he's enjoying himself unless the cause of his enjoyment is my torture. I can always think of things I don't like about something, I'm a fashion critic! His eyebrows just grow a little higher and so, sucking in my breath; I admit defeat. He scoffs and shakes his head, walking out of the house before letting out yet another complaint. Every time I went to the door they smelt real bad. He walks right in the room, eyebrows raised, shaking the leash at me. Is all he says. But I can still see how his green eyes are burning beneath them. I stop halfway and wait. When I'm done I'm going to chuck the 'plain bad' pile out, and discuss with him about the 'not okay's. It doesn't do anything for his figure, if he has one that is. He drops the dog leash at the door and storms in, picking up one third of my clothes dividers. I look back blankly at him and take the time to really look at him and decide that, surprisingly; he does have a figure underneath all of that cotton mess of a shirt. What is his problem? I look up angrily as they steady me and their eyes widen, mouth tilted up at the sides in amusement and I roll my eyes and shove them off. Figure of my imagination. I glare at him before smiling back sweetly at Jarred. He just stares, expressionless, back at me. Jarred gives me a tap on the shoulder and laughs, and I stare back at him a little annoyed. He smirks. But he still doesn't let go of me, just steps on my foot really hard. Bored of trying, I find myself staring at his lips. Jarred rolls his eyes. I look up, expecting to find Matt looking at me in disgust, but instead he's silent and expressionless, not looking at me. He's making That Male upset. I'm the only one who's allowed to upset him. But I don't get to point anything out, because That Male gets violent on him again, grabbing him by the front of his shirt. Except that they do, to me. I completely organized his whole wardrobe until he chucked it back in there, messier than it was to begin with. What is wrong with us? We're not together, we're not a couple. And then, saving my nails from this terrible plight, a shining beacon presents itself in their place. That Male likes it when I put pepper in the soup, otherwise he complains all the way while shaking it in himself, and then some after. Feeling my cheeks turn red I turn back to the stove and mix the soup around a little to distract myself. Because no way else would he be being quiet, we'd be arguing if we weren't so awkward. Avoid sounding like a married couple. I mean. Mine is tomato and you get that from a can so it's so much easier but with this I make it proper because he doesn't like canned pumpkin soup. Tastes good enough to me. I put the pot on wooden board I don't remember setting on the table, yet it's there. Complaint. I can't help it. I don't know why I haven't kissed him before; it sure shuts him up that's for sure. Bai! . And either way, it sucked. I'd written things like  and  And to a seven-year-old, that was pretty funny. It was just a nervous habit. The boy opened the door for the girl and swooped down on her with a passionate kiss before she was even halfway out. he'd say. It was a  type situation. So of course nothing ever went my way. I dropped my bag, stretched my back, and let out a loud yawn. Let's just say that one involved a hot pink tank top that read   Molly frowned. I said with a sneer, motioning with my hands for her to remember that it wasn't exactly my favorite day of the year. Kelly could easily pass for a freshman. Her wide almond eyes danced with excitement. It was quite possibly the most embarrassing tradition at this school. I groaned. I panted and skidded to a stop in front of the Cobra Chords' table. Nothing was ever just plain easy, was it? My whole not-believing-in-love thing would probably end up being a huge turnoff anyway. But it was cute. I scanned the list of song choices and picked the most embarrassing one. I could feel everyone in the class sit up a bit straighter and fiddle with various items on their tables. This was my favorite part of the day. Amy breathed a huge sigh of relief. I felt my blood pulsing through my head as he shuffled over to my desk. Wow, could this day get any worse? It was a terrible feeling, everyone staring at you. He just wanted an excuse to sing to her again. Too good. And it was torture, sitting in my AP Calc class full of seniors, when the Cobra Chords interrupted class again. Well, this was certainly the last time I was going to tell her anything important. He just kept on singing, smiling slightly, and bowed as he finished the song. So I settled with one of Olivia's personal favorites. I hummed  to myself as I packed up my bag and stuffed it in my locker, pulling out my lunch and pushed through the crowded hallway to sit next to Molly and Kelly on our bench. Just as I stuffed two handfuls into my mouth, I heard a familiar hush run down the hall as the blazer-clad Cobra Chords strode towards us. I moaned again. So I guess I win. I knew that keeping my eyes fixed on Noah's sticking-up hair was the best way to go—that way I wasn't randomly staring off into space, but I wasn't awkwardly watching his mouth move, either. I nodded and filled out the form. It was probably because he had double the audience in the middle of the hall than he had in the classroom. Maybe I'd just go to the bathroom… for the entire class. But Alex Sanders caught the door. Who else would want to make my life miserable? Is this the best Valentine's Day yet, or what? He seemed to realize this, because he turned the other way, one foot dangling off the desk by my left shoulder, and I scooted my chair back a few inches to give him (and myself) a little more room. I sat on my hands so I wouldn't feel the need to pick my fingernails or do something else embarrassing. Noah spun around. It was just me and Noah, in our own little world, enjoying the side effects of Valentine's Day. And I'll return reviews! Now the children were twenty and twenty one, they didn't need their parents so last month they packed up and left, calling every once and while to check in. Their parent's rented him the garage apartment before leaving, Selene wondered what she did to deserve that because everyone knew they didn't get along. They always rode together to save money on gas since they were all going to the same place. She brushed her hair out of her face, she hated it loose because it was always in her face but she didn't have the heart to cut it. She was so glad she only had two classes that day. She hated how no matter what they did the next day they were fine; she was the one suffering with a hangover. Timmy was Seth's best friend. Sydney rolled her eyes. She texted her brother for one last safety check. GO MAGGY! I'm posting two chapters, but if I don't get at least three reviews on each, I will not be posting a third. They've gotten into it together. my voice dropped to a whisper. As I was doing a smell-check of my armpits to make sure I didn't sweat to much in the club, Pedro reappeared with my lush pink Daiquiri in one hand and two neon tubes in the other. I sipped daintily at my drink as he pressed me up against the brick wall, his arms around me as he kissed my collarbone. The hand still on my butt pulled my leg up around his waist, bringing him flush against me so I could feel his stiff erection in my stomach. I tried to talk, tried to tell him I didn't feel too well and wanted to go back inside or back to my hotel, but my mouth felt as if it was stuffed with cotton and my tongue made out of rubber. So I squeezed my eyes shut against the foggy, spinning ground and instead watched the tie-dye splotches burn across my eyelids as he manipulated my body. I just wanted to go home. The snippets of conversation stopped abruptly and I heard footsteps coming closer, then someone bark out a laugh. I lifted myself to my feet, tottering wildly on my stilettos and faced Marcio, my hands defiantly on my hips, though my disheveled hair and scrunched dress took away some from my menacing stare. I wound up thrusting myself off of him, my heels catching on one another and I flew, head first, into the brick wall of the club. I tried to keep myself away, tried to move my fingers and pinch myself, but hazy, painful, darkness was encroaching my vision. This pattern continued as I walked around the rest of my house doing the same thing along with locking the seven locks that were on each of my doors to the outside world. My eyes checked to make sure the garage door was closed as my hands began to push the levers and bolts that connected the garage door to the floor and walls. Once again, I pulled on the chain and they were just as strong as the night before, and the night before that, and so on and so forth. waited for the night. They are, by the smallest margin, in more control of their lives. which is why I have forced myself to learn self-restraint and isolate myself from the world. that is way off. ! I wear cat eye framed glasses, and I'm in pretty good shape from all the jogging and swimming that I do at the campus gym. Of course, if you don't mind that I'm gay, then disregard my previous comment. So, when I do go out, I usually go out early, and then drive an hour or so to get to a club I like. My grandfather gave it to me a long time ago, and I've worn it ever since. Instead of the cat eye frames, I put on rectangular ones that barely cover my eyes. I wouldn't have been surprised to see a D.J or something there anytime in the next month or so. He's the oddest person you'll ever meet at North Lake. Although it can become frustrating at times, if you know what I mean. Unlike myself, though, Gage tends to be very open to new people and because of that, he has quite a few friends, and quite a few enemies, not that he really minds. He tends to flirt a lot with anything in a skirt and he loves large crowds. Add the sandals to that, and you have a strange picture. Wrapping my gray bandanna around my forehead and tying it under my hair in the back, I got up and went to my closet, pulling out my gray trench coat and putting it on. Shaking my head, I grabbed my car keys and room key, shoving them into my pocket on the inside of my jacket and doing the same with my wallet. I'd gotten a six disc Sony Explode cd player with two twelve inch speakers on the back dash and a fourteen inch sub-woofer installed into it a few days after it had been restored. Inserting the cd into the player, I pressed play, causing the sounds of gothic rock to fill the car. Heading over to the table, I sat down, handing Gage his beer while I sipped at mine. Turning my eyes back to the stage, I glanced at each of the band members in turn, not thinking very much of their looks. The guy was a feast for the eyes. It grew past his ears, almost to his chin, and was brown with wild red highlights dyed into it. When Gage got up to go to the bathroom, I didn't really hear him, I just nodded, my eyes glued to the creature on stage. The creature that I had been staring at for the last hour. Frowning in confusion, I watched as he put my drink back onto the table. Had he been unable to pay the tuition or something? Just as I had been about to reply to his comment, one of the other band members came up and tapped Adreyan on the shoulder, saying that it was time to go back up on stage. Sighing, I snapped my head back up, causing my hair to flick over my face a little, covering my eyes. Shrugging, I settled back, smiling as Gage got back with the drinks. Shaking my head slightly, I thought about the exam that one of my teachers had assigned for a couple weeks time, making a mental note to study the next day. Looking down at Adreyan's confused features, I shook my head again, not even speaking to him to explain why I was leaving. . Please, take the time to review, to let us know what you all think. Goddamn had a different meaning when you yourself were a god. I'd been looking at godly tantrums for centuries. For now he was stepping aside from the warring side of himself and falling back on the crop-growing side – the side that appreciated the logical, methodical, sensible approach to growing maize, potatoes, and signing necessary divine contracts in order to process his visa application. Thank god because it was a god who'd presided over this victory – me. No fancy elements or abstract concepts for me, thank you very much – just the parts that constitute the whole. They lived their lives through and commanded those forces. Which made my job perfect for me. It was up to me to ensure Earth stayed as it was while the various gods and goddesses of the universe secretly took their vacations there. . Numbers, calculations, variables, patterns – I didn't watch television like some of the entertainment gods when I got home from work, I studied. The universe literally opened up for me when I had my nose stuffed into a book of weather facts or an almanac or a catalogue of engineering tools. Only gods bothered going through the Integration Office. I wouldn't trade those for all the semi-abandoned sacred ruins on Earth. I would grab a great handful of books after making my dinner and before sitting down in my lounge room, and every night I would read through them all. Still others abandoned the old for the new and became rich – but apparently ordinary – women and men of power and play. Break that rule – interfere in such a way that a person loses their freedom – and you go straight to Divinity Prison. These days that meant staying out of things and letting all those entities figure it out for themselves. You could bake pies, you could read books, you could walk on a street full of humans and watch their expressions, emotions, and lives – all without anyone knowing who or what you were. The battle it intended was some nice prolonged meowing until I fed it, but the sentiment was there. I smiled up at them. I would have noted the way they interacted with the objects they hit – how they shined off the clean white of my picket fence and the glorious pearly-color of my roses. The rest of this book is available from most ebook retailers. It got to the point where we were actually losing money by keeping the restaurant open, which was when Tia decided we had to close the restaurant within six weeks. That was when I'd started screaming at him. Can the two remind each other of what it means to live? It didn't take long for Bert and his cronies to corner him by the old well, and it took even less time for them to throw an old, woven bag that smelled of dust and earth over his head. A frustrating revelation, considering one needed to be dragged straight through the town square in order to get outside its fences. Although Allen feared a great many things, his fear of the Valkyrie Wood was well warranted. Perhaps Bert really did intend to kill him this time. He kept his face lowered after the blow, fighting not to roll his eyes. I can't even really tell where the hate came from, but somehow it had slowly turned into love over the past months. Ever since that moment, he somehow always appeared in my fantasies. I grabbed the doorknob and yanked the door open. Apparently, he found me amusing. Oh god, could it be that after all these years I'd finally make him hate me? He muttered something under his breath I couldn't catch. Instead, he clamped a big hand over my mouth. It took him maybe three seconds to get in his car and drive off, leaving me alone, standing near his porch on a sunny August day. I reached Duncan's car before he stepped out of it. His white shirt contrasted nicely with his tanned skin and his muscles made it look extra awesome. His eyes flew back open and he lifted his head. He didn't move away though. I wanted to be closer to him. Now I was really holding my breath. I struggled for him to release me. I shouted desperately. Once I'd caught up with him, he finally made the damn alarm stop. He turned around and crossed his arms. Especially not with him looking at me as if I'd committed a murder. I blinked hard to keep my tears from running down my cheeks. That night, I cried myself into sleep. My dad had played basketball in high school and he and Duncan's dad had been classmates. How absurd. I used to double over at Cartman's ideas and squeal for Butter, but I just felt dispirited now. Quietly, I went to work. the evidence, in our garage and waited from behind my window, literally watching paint dry. I grinned widely as, once again, I raced down the stairs, yanking the door open and nearly running into Duncan. You could indeed wash off the paint, but he forgot to mention that it took a freaking lifetime. I grinned evilly as I aimed for Duncan with the garden hose and let the water run. I was too weak from laughing so hard, but he soon made me scream by taking revenge. I didn't move. My heartbeat sped up, anxious for his next words. I felt my eye twitch. ' I thought bitterly. Good". . and I know Sarah misses you too". do you remember the Schwartzes from down the street? Or gotten a literary award? Wrong. that guy whore wrote The DaVinci Code out of a crowd? check. '. Switzerland". . . Sexy, even. He gave me an odd look. Room 208B". . Gray". . Well, I got a postcard. . Cohen". What's up"? y'know. food". bra-vo. ' Not everyone in the school knows me but I do have a lot of friends. Yay me! no. different on how I achieve that fairytale ending. r and r! We don't even have a hose out front; Mum waters the plants with the laundry water. I smirk as Comet holds up his hands in defeat and they cross their arms over their ample chests, turning their noses up at him. But I don't want him taking it the wrong way. Must be catching the Christmas spirit and, having never been exposed before, reacting pretty strongly to it. But it feels like I can't move away. Kid's had a crush on her since she first bashed him in the face with a Barbie football. Only usually due to my brother's ardent adoration of her, she wins. It's unnerving. Especially considering my hair colour; red. He's the smartest eleven year old in the world. I roll my eyes at her, and grabbing an ornament from where Comet tossed them down to pick her up, I start beautifying the tree up too. Usually it's not even one girl, it's a lot of girls he has his eye on. If it weren't for the fact I'd miss having him over I'd force him to make some new, better friends. Grinning and spinning an ornament around his finger, he winks at me. My attempts at trying to keep the laughter within aren't working, and he glares up at me from where he's lying on the grass, entangled in the lights. And was doing a really bad job of it, for that matter. He's starting to slowly sit up as his eyes flicker and look intently into mine. I can feel my heart skip a beat, as his other hand reaches up too. Way too much. Because as much as I want to put all the blame on him – I'm the one that got all flustered by touching his knees, for crying out loud. Makes me feel completely dizzy. Rulers are for STRAIGHT lines, but mine end up all wonky even with one! I'm really having fun. How can anyone this fun to be around, be dislikeable to me? His complete lack of commitment is repulsive. Because it's starting to work on me. But you can't blame a girl for trying. His eyes look into mine and he strokes my palm with a fingertip. I wonder what's going on. Only cute, nice boys with nothing to hide but the mistletoe up their sleeve. I'm mad at him for things he never promised me he wouldn't do, things that shouldn't even be of my concern…but I'm finding kind of are. He'll go back to acting like his player self and I'll go back to ruining his dates, it'll all be back the way it used to be. He thinks I'm worried about it being too severe of a red and that it will taste bad – but I'm worried about the fact that whenever anyone eats any of it, their lips will change colour. Ten seconds after he let go of me, all of my cousins swarmed in and took him out of my hands. It's been taking its toll on me and wearing down my immunity to his charms. I have to give it to him today. But it's near making me shiver. It's just stupid Comet, the guy next door who is…who is funny, and sweet when he wants to be and cute and – great at cutting out paper, and though his lips only touched mine for a second, a great kisser. Somehow I need to do this. It's like the Christmas spirit has taken over his body and is radiating out joy from his tongue. I guess he found out what she'd written about him in that diary. I couldn't leave you without the story I promised but I am truly sorry it isn't as good as I want it to be. I hope you have a great new years eve and get a great start to 2010. ! I guess she just doesn't think about what she's doing. I have only met him once, but he didn't impress me at all. Not when she's going out for dinner. I stare at my game for a moment before I angrily hit the button, shutting the computer off. I think it looks ridiculous. That would be weird. This evening will be a disaster. He really looks apologetic. I'm just tired. But I'm thankful he doesn't say anything about it; it's really enough with my mom and my physiotherapist's nagging. It's just hard. He's not stuck with him. I really do. I'm glad he doesn't sees that I'm blushing. He even did the last day. My brother laughs at me, takes another drag on a stolen cigarette. He lets me go immediately, chuckling, and I struggle to sit up again. It doesn't taste good anyway. He does it a couple of times before transforming the sound into a word. We have been sitting here for half an hour, and he hasn't taken one bite. I should be the one that knows. Jamie starts to rock in his chair, back and forth, getting upset. Just all of a sudden. Unable to look at him any longer, I slowly rise and make my way to the fridge and the strawberry jam. It's just so hard not to, when the only thing I want is to get Jamie back. I try to bend his arm to get it through the sleeve. I'm exhausted. I blink a couple of times, before I turn around to go. Sometimes I wonder why we even survived. Our street lies in a nicer part of town, and most of our neighbours have well paid jobs like doctors or lawyers. But when I grab my handle bar, swinging my leg over the frame, I hear Jamie swear. Jamie has kept his natural hair color and always cuts it somewhat short. Just a short moment, then I look forward again. Jamie can't see anything. Beta-read by goudacheese. * * * * *See other titles by Lizzy Ford at .com/* * * * *This book contains explicit language that may be inappropriate for children under the age of 18. She ignored the hunk in her cube, hoping he'd take the hint. But today, she didn't want to be reminded that she'd changed from a normal human being into a sunlight intolerant, moody bitch in the two months since her 28th birthday. Jake's ego was as large as his size sixteen feet. Struck by something else, she removed her sunglasses and eyed Jake. Snatching her sunglasses, she almost made it to the door before she heard Lacy's voice. Normally she acquiesced in favor of a paycheck, but Lacy's demand was bizarre, even by Lacy-standards. She snatched her bag and hurried home, not reflecting on her behavior until she tossed her coat on the bed. When she retreated to the bathroom, she flipped on the light, cringed, but forced herself to stare at her reflection in the mirror over the sink. But instead of a rim of darker blue surrounding her irises, they were rimmed by a thick band of iridescent silver. The silver was still again. She didn't want to die, and she didn't want to spend the rest of her life without ever seeing the sun again like Brad Pitt in Interview with a Vampire. Someone careened into her as she pried her cell from her pocket. She'd definitely never trust her money to him. She sipped her cocoa, cheered by the thought of soon knowing what was wrong with her. She walked up the street to a better vantage point, curious to see what he hit. His mother was hysterical, screaming at once at the driver and her dead son. As if in a dream, she pulled it free and answered. A pretty brunette, mugged in a back alley, raped and killed. She retreated to her apartment, breathing raggedly with cold tears stiffening her cheeks. The windows were open and the apartment cold. She wrenched open the medicine cabinet for the most powerful of the drugs Dr. Mallard prescribed for her and slammed the cabinet shut. Her phone began to ring again as she slid into a dead faint. Or, in the words of his BFF, the BS Master of the Universe. He looked down as two of his Guardians hopped up from their positions. Damian sat down on the arm of a leather couch, accustomed to the reaction, and pulled off his boot to drain the water. Surprise trickled through him. Century-long wars had been fought in his father's time over who claimed a discovered oracle, no matter how competent the oracle turned out. There had been none since Claire, whose powers had been so weak, she was useless to them. As his adopted brothers in the war against evil, he owed them everything. He entered his office and froze. They were some of the most ancient beings in the universe, those whose first war created the universe. Jule, his other BFF and the oldest of the three of them by far, had come from the same world as the Watchers but refused to talk about it. And he didn't like it. She shoved him away, landing hard on her backside while he careened into the bathroom wall. He brought her a blanket and draped it over her. Her last hope for understanding what was wrong with her was someone she innately knew she didn't want to meet. A tear trickled down her cheek. She wasn't in tip-top shape, but she wasn't weak! When her phone began to ring again, she stretched for it and found she couldn't move. To the three of them, the drastic changes that occurred over such a short time span after thousands of years of no change were a warning sign. Are you fucking insane? He preferred to know she was alive and well - and somewhere else. With any luck, his Watcher wouldn't fail him. With his luck, the kids were loose in the house. His door flew open to reveal a huge, furry monster with fangs. Only she didn't remember taking drugs. Disoriented, she stood up again and stumbled to the door. She walked down the carpeted hall, stopping when she realized her hallway didn't have carpet. She squinted through her fingers and braced herself against one wall to counter the affects the drugs had on her equilibrium as she moved down the long hallway. She wore only a long shirt to her knees that twisted to her stomach with her fall. Down one hallway, she heard the ring of a phone. Her eyes hurt too much to make sense of the world around her. Whoever had brought her here was coming for her. Her hand fell away from her eyes to reveal a furry, fanged monster from a nightmare framed against the light. With another scream, she bolted and careened into a door that gave. Blinded, she tripped over a stool and hauled herself into a corner, chest heaving and body slick with sweat and blood. Either they were all huge enough to come straight out of an action movie, or her drugs had not yet worn off. They were all dressed for a white tie party in expensive tuxedos. If she flinched, they'd snap in unison. He approached with a slow, steady gate, like a predator inspecting its disabled prey before going for the kill. He was not a pretty boy but a man with rugged, bad-boy beauty and a slow sensuality about his movement that made her heart skip a beat despite her pain. No visions pierced her thoughts. She'd never known the power of a single touch until everyone who touched her hurt her! The warmth of his hand drifted up her arm and through her, comforting her. She drew her legs up, feeling vulnerable and scared in the strange place. When he returned, he pulled a chair from the wall nearer her and dipped one cloth in water, tugging her arm away from her. His touch sent a tremor of fire through her, and she was embarrassed to feel her hormones stir. ! His attraction was inhuman. She pulled her arm from his grip and stared at it, twisting it left and right before lowering it. All that was left was to clean was the blood. She didn't know what he was, and she had a feeling he'd welcomed her into a world that only he could grant her leave from. It'd been too long since a normal woman got over his first impression. She was the greatest find since he'd taken over the war from his slain brother. He was surprised to realize he liked the feeling. Her turquoise eyes had been so lost and confused, he couldn't help but take pity on her. Nothing short of miraculous! His own Guardians stayed out of arms reach of him, and humans picked up and ran. Not sure what to make of her, he led Han out and closed the door. Shaking his head, he retreated to his office. It's not every day your BFF turns 300K. He'd never said why, and Damian didn't ask. They were too deep and knotted to be from the daggers or the whip or the hand strikes of his master and his master's men. He flew into an abusive rage when he saw it. He couldn't remember - he never did. He opened the windows, which did little to shed light into the stone room with its masculine, black décor. His master said a slave didn't need to remember anything but his master, and he didn't try too hard to remember her. His visitor wore a t-shirt and had hair the color of last night's sunset. Two looked without seeing. He didn't know for sure. She heard him even when she was awake, and his crying made her head pulse, as if he were trying to pry his way into her unwilling mind. She'd roamed the ground floor before adopting the library as her favorite room and settling in front of a deadened hearth with a stack of celebrity magazines. He'd followed her all around the house earlier like a bored puppy. If she could slap him, she would. But he was so handsome, and she so amazed he wanted to go out with her that she ignored her instincts. Struck by longing, she gave a soulful sigh. Even now, her heart quickened and her thoughts raced to the image of him in tight black clothing. What if he was the only person on the planet who could ever touch her again because of her wacky visions? Her headache was gone for the first time in months, though she felt cold inside. Signs of the party the night before still remained from the garbage bags awaiting pick up to one table with two wine glasses still present. By the time she reached the patio door, her skin was clammy and her heart racing. Grass tickled her toes. His phone dinged, and he looked down at one of the zillion text messages he received from any number of his Guardians every day. The pattern was dangerous, especially since he didn't know where the leaks were coming from. One of his Guardians was training the enemy. It was loud and dirty, the type of work they'd ceased two centuries before when human civilization exploded and globalized. If so, he might have the key to crippling the cancer afflicting his operations. His normally stoic XO appeared irritated. He sat down on the edge of the bed, brushing one blonde lock from her face. At his touch, her visions quieted. Instead he shifted and wrapped an arm around her. The air around her shimmered with subtle, calm power that thrilled him. He'd seen from burying his brother that a king's greatest weakness was the woman at his side. Her presence alone was already prodding free memories he'd thought he'd buried. A sheen of sweat coated his body, and his white-blond hair was back in a braid. Then there was the Schism and an era of disaster and grief, where his world collided with - then severed from - the human one, centuries where he was forced into the underground world as a prostitute, a beggar, a thief. His look was intense, much different than the warmth he'd displayed the day before. She cringed at the thick forearm brushing her ear. She felt dwarfed and delicate next to the mass of roped muscle and taut skin. She'd had never felt overwhelmed by a man before, and she'd certainly never been a woman who felt weak-kneed! Thoughts of his sweaty body poised above hers made her want to swoon for the first time in her life, and her core ached so much from the vision that she gripped the handrail. She pulled her knees to her chest, feeling small and vulnerable once more. She looked towards the fire. If so, what would hard water do to a person? She looked away. Jake followed, and Han was already waiting for her. Jake slid into the passenger seat beside her, pulling out his cell as he did. He didn't appear out of thin air to stop her, and she made it to the airport terminal, where she stopped in front of the Delta sign and handed Jake the keys. His hair was silvered. She staggered under the weight of them, dropping to her knees. She shivered and hugged herself as they emerged into the cold Virginia dawn. He shoved her into the car, and she crawled as far from him as she could. He was losing established Guardians – mostly in Europe – and an entire class of new recruits. Dusty's interviewees rarely lived through the ordeal, and he wasn't yet ready for that step. If he were personally involved in the operation, something was very, very wrong. The thought of Sofia in Czerno's hands did worse than anger him – he felt fear for the first time in millennia. Thousands of years hadn't given him much insight into a woman's way of thinking, but this he knew without a doubt. The town car moved at a quick pace, bringing them to a mansion atop one of the private, gated drives tucked away from sight along Skyline Drive. He released her and tossed his coat to a waiting maid before motioning her to follow. She hurried to follow Czerno, silently praying Jake ratted her out to Damian. The second was closer to Han's age with midnight hair and eyes. He was Czerno's personal hitman, an executioner with no heart or soul. Until she saw the blood on the walls and ceiling, she thought it was a surgical room. Jilian snatched her and slammed her onto the table, pinning her in place as he strapped her wrists and ankles in. Sofia pulled again at her bindings and closed her eyes against the blood splatters on the ceiling. That Damian was capable of the same level of violence as these men reminded her that this world was nothing like hers. Sweat soon covered her, and her chest began to tighten. Instead, the agony grew, tearing her apart, cell by cell, while Jilian's laughter echoed in her mind. Bullets rained down on them. He had to find her fast. Sofia's anguished scream was still muffled. Jilian met his sword with his own, barking orders to his vamps. Damian gritted his teeth, unable to unleash the blow that could destroy them all in a blink without taking out Sofia as well. Czerno disappeared. What had started as a stream of blood had slowed to a few remaining drops. He didn't know if he understood what he was doing. Dizziness made him lean onto the table, and he loosed his regeneration powers. He couldn't transport a dead body. Silence, and he opened his eyes to find himself kneeling on the NOVA Sector's kitchen floor. He leaned against the cabinets behind him. The oracle gasped. At the memory of the pain, she began to shake. She didn't have to wear sunglasses indoors anymore, didn't have to hide from moonlight! And he'd brought her somewhere where she could be safe. She cried until she was too tired to cry more and drifted into a vision, reliving the few moments she spent with Jilian. His gaze swept over her before he retreated outside her door. She took a shower and padded through the quiet mansion to the kitchen. She made one anyway and forced herself to eat it, blaming her recent trauma for her queasiness. Five minutes later, it returned, scorching her throat on the way out. The images left. He felt like a piece of heaven! She stared at his chest, afraid again to look up. She craved him in a way that nearly crippled her. She screamed until she was hoarse, shaking in the chilled air. The thought of drinking from him made her sick, and she pushed herself up to vomit. He stood and shook hands with both of them. He was always right, even when he told her to ask Damian something he knew very well. She'd never known hunger like this! Her courage fled to see him framed in his doorway, as seductive by day as he was by night. She closed her eyes, more of his home videos playing through her mind. She withdrew, afraid to hurt him. Damian had turned his face away and was clenching a thick knuckle between his teeth. She was no longer hungry, and she felt energized, fulfilled. It took every ounce of her willpower to keep from devouring his body with her eyes. The thought of his blood lit her afire, almost as much as the sight of his bare chest. Dressed for sparring, he waited with Grande and Pierre for Damian. As if feeling her gaze on him, he paused at the door. Without looking at her, he strode through the doors into the courtyard. If he was what Han claimed – king, lord, master of the entire damn universe – wouldn't he take the supermodel of his choice? One volume caught her attention. Armed with her notes, she emerged from the library. The scents of what looked like pizza night taunted her, and she stood peering through the cracked door at the long dinner table. There weren't many details, and she could only guess that this was not the normal case, as some stories mentioned Oracles attending great feasts. Tears began to spill again, and she began to understand how Darian felt, utterly alone and abandoned in the corner of her mind. Would he soon grow tired of her showing up at his door, demanding a meal? His terrified, brave little oracle was entrancing, the shimmer that caught his attention when they met much stronger with their bond. She moved forward, taking refuge from him in his own arms, a reality that amused him. He didn't understand the ins and outs of their blood bond, but he knew how much she rocked his world when she drank from him earlier. He began to understand why and couldn't help but feel frustrated at having to find a way to win her instead of command her. His phone dinged again, and he glanced down. Han motioned him away, and Grande shifted down a seat. She made a face, drooling at the thought of Damian's blood again. And then she'd tried to eat chocolate and ended up in the bathroom even weaker and hungrier. He was dressed again all in black, a color that should have minimized his size but just amplified how ripped he was beneath the clothing. His look was intent, the gold of his irises swirling. Ever. He had turned away again and was chewing his knuckle. Her help. She couldn't make him out. The rest was shrouded in darkness. She rubbed her temples then issued a challenging glare to the contents of the pantry, furious once more she could eat none of the wonderful things it held. That thought coupled with her nightmare made her even angrier at not being able to eat. She closed the door behind her. She drank until full. The sense of peace descended upon her again, and she relaxed against him, content to her soul to be surrounded by his scent and heat. He touched her face and trailed a finger down her neck, between her breasts, and rested his hand on her stomach. They gazed at each other for a long moment. It was an odd mix that warned him she'd not yet accepted her place in his world. She cleared her throat and lay down again, facing away from him. He liked that she needed the comfort only he could provide, trusted him on a level that seemed to him far more intimate than fucking. It was purely a woman thing. Damian wrapped his arm around her and held her close for a moment, torn between thoughts of her naked and thoughts of his brother's death. His slain brother's wife had always been a painful sight for him, the reminder of his brother and a happier time before the Schism. Claire was ready for him now. He kneaded her breasts, wanting nothing better than to suckle her until she cried out in ecstasy. He wished Sofia would wake up and intrude, her presence bolstering his weak will. It was a woman's. Sofia rubbed her temples but didn't move, grateful he wasn't hurting her head for once. Damian's gaze was on the door to the bedroom, and she ducked back, remembering he could hear her thoughts. Her boobs were pressed against Damian's bare chest, and her hands were on his biceps. Not wanting to be around to hear Claire get her way, Sofia climbed onto the edge of Damian's balcony and stretched upward towards the ledge running around the mansion. A breeze flickered her curtain, and she closed it, certain Claire's cries of ecstasy would soon fill the air around the mansion. Everywhere, eating Pop Tarts, eating chocolate, eating broccoli. There was no crueler fate in this world than her own! When she opened it, Claire gazed at her with a look both guarded and surprised. Damian glanced at the redhead and touched her arm in affectionate greeting. She was so fatigued, she hurt everywhere. Darian was crying, and her head hurt. She strained, but he planted one heavy hand on her chest. The tick in his jaw belied how tightly his teeth were clamped. She held her head in her hands, tormented by his pain without understanding how she was supposed to help a dead man. He smelled of soap, and his hair was wet. Sofia didn't have time to plot how to approach her. His noble features and cold, aloof air gave her the impression of an ancient Greek prince. Dustin assessed her in silence for a few seconds, and she had the feeling his sharp gaze missed nothing. She glanced towards the door, mind on what she'd learned earlier. She didn't want to look, sensing she'd met a source of their issues already. She met Damian's gaze. Her thoughts darkened and returned to Toby and Jake. It was irritating, most of the time, like now when he wanted to get a quick response out of one. His gaze returned to the screen as he deliberated over how close Czerno was and shelved the thought of letting her out of his sight. The playing field was as uneven as the Watcher had warned, and it appeared as though Czerno's Watchers weren't as dedicated to non-interference as his Watcher was. He went back to his small room and sat on the bed staring at the white wall in front of him. His master's friend, the man with eyes as green as the moss in the corner of Two's room, stood in his doorway. His master's friend had never hit him, but he scared Two. Then a rainbow had come out, and he'd stared at it until his master beat him. Slaves were treated this way. He heard the strange voice again. Uneasiness swept over him. When he let him go, he saw the woman more clearly. If she stayed in his head, his master wouldn't beat her like he did him. Beautiful women that rivaled Claire and men so handsome, even age couldn't diminish their muscular bodies or riveting looks. She savored the sensations of his hot, wet mouth and the buzz she got feeding from him. The dress was thick silk and moved like water as she pulled it free and held it against her. Diamond earrings completed the set. Not Claire-good, but good enough. Claire, stunning in maroon and bedecked with diamonds and rubies, looked her over dismissively before returning her gaze to the men. She cleared her throat and focused on Dustin. Dustin looked at her then tossed a look over his shoulder at Damian before directing her away. Sofia watched, astonished at the blatant display, and almost didn't prep herself for her first encounter. His name … Sasha. Antoine. The man looked no older than Damian and was indeed from the same era. Haydaen. A woman was screaming, another man shouting. She tried to think of how she could soften the pain she'd bring him. A few of the guests cast curious looks her way, and everyone who looked at her seemed more interested in the plain charm at her chest than meeting her gaze. As each course came and went, she felt another piece of her die. If Dustin's words were true, she'd never be welcomed into the home of any of Damian's people, not if they feared the sight of her! She heard Dustin order Pierre out before he approached her. She resisted the urge to move away from him, chilled by the visions of his work as Damian's executioner. His display of checked power disturbed her. She swallowed hard, uncomfortable with playing the role of judge and jury. She met Dustin's penetrating gaze. He rose, as if on autopilot, turned, and faced the window. She dropped to her knees and sobbed, unable to control her pain and fear. Sofia's words freed them from deep within his mind, and Dusty's hammering the fact made it impossible for him to silence them as he wanted to. How many humans were dead because he lacked the strength to face his instincts? Memories of how much Darian loved Claire, of his own nights in her bed, overwhelmed him. Darian had even tried to warn him, and he'd never wanted to see what was in front of him. The Guardians knew that betrayal would be confronted by Dusty, and even those loyal to Damian feared him appearing unexpectedly at their door. But this time, he suspected Dusty would live up to his legend. He couldn't stem the memories flooding his mind and felt the wound of Darian's death reopen wider than it had originally been. Pierre glanced up from his video game at his hesitation. Damian didn't care; Sofia liked Pierre, and he had a feeling Pierre's blunt dose of reality was soothing to her in a world where nothing else made sense. He wondered if the man was his soul, weeping for his brother. She was alone and segregated, partially because she was new, and partially because an oracle's soul-reading job was brutal enough that most oracles - including his mother - killed themselves soon after their full powers manifested within them. He ached to show her how much she meant to him, to open her closed vision of him and his world and show her the beauty that made him fight as he did. For the first time in his life, he felt helpless to help the small form of the woman before him. She'd found courage in a kindred soul. She wanted him, the man behind the titles and the power. Jule's message brought him back to the unpleasant task ahead of him. He sat in the dark corner of her mind, still and silent. She fixed her hair while sliding on her shoes. They entered a large neighborhood and drove the same few blocks a few times before stopping in front of a large adobe hacienda walled off from its neighbors. It wrenched open, and a man in a black trench coat Damian's size looked her over once. Damian's men were not the type she wanted to piss off. The door opened, and a different, blond man looked them over before stepping back. They reached a second foyer where the man in the trench stood with a caramel colored man covered in blood and a third. Without Pierre, she'd never set foot in such a dangerous situation. Ving - the man in the trench coat - looked at her. Pierre was at ease among his own kind. His gaze was stormy, but there was more there, a profound sadness that made the large man more human. A brunette woman worked to stabilize her, and Sofia froze in place. She was in her mid-20s with crystal clear blue eyes and porcelain skin. Traci. Was he that busy? He relaxed visibly with her in his arms. His gaze raked over her. He was ready to snap, and she didn't want to be the first one he took out when he did. A doctor emerged soon after, hesitating as his gaze swept over the room full of massive, bristling men until Linda came forward. Traci was alone at the far end of the bay. The doctor left, and Linda joined her. She'd just have to starve to death. Or maybe he wanted her out of the house so he could kill the traitors. Most moved away quickly, sensing there was something about him that just wasn't normal. Her heart went out to him. She hesitated then answered. ! She walked away. She fingered the necklace there. In truth, it was the one place in the house where she felt safe and comfortable when she wasn't with Damian. When he wanted, he could be as cold as Dusty. He touched her mind for the first time ever, and his resolve solidified at the images he saw there. She didn't remember, and she didn't care. She scrambled up and stared at him, terrified. He stood over her, watching the life fade from her eyes. Damian closed his eyes to the heat and light, tormented by his brother's death and his own cowardice. Whatever he was going through, he was doing his best to block her. The brunette stood between Traci and Rainy, as if she were trying to broker a peace deal between two warring countries. Sofia forced herself not to recoil, afraid to touch anyone. Linda eyed him. Their looks ranged from amazement to surprise to Dustin's look of disapproval aimed at Pierre. Linda was too easy going to be affected by much of anything, and the men seemed more surprised than anything else. It must not have been totally unheard of if they all understood what it was. God how she understood the uncertainty and confusion Traci felt! They ignored her, and she rested her head on the back of the chair, their low talk and the warmth of the fire lulling her into another trance. The men had frozen in mid-speech and were looking towards the mansion. Visions of his brother. They formed a fog at her feet and trailed her towards the stairwell. Only this was equal to a hundred thunderstorms. She hesitated before moving forward again. His powers were quiet and exploring, crawling over the physical world. She'd never felt pain like his! His presence was overwhelming, and her body reacted with both terror and lust so strong it made her head spin. She belonged to him. An eerie quiet followed, and she expected him to be deciding her fate: would he shove her over the rail or kill her as he had Claire? She wrapped her arms around him, at home again. He'd never been able to share his pain with anyone else. She took a step back. She wanted him, God did she want him! As much as she wanted him, needed him, she was terrified to take the final step that would make her his for eternity. He'd heard it in her thoughts even if she didn't speak the words, and her ability to see through him as he did everyone else amazed him. Except in her. Dusty met his gaze with his clear blues, concerned and relieved. In hindsight, he wondered how he'd ever been fooled or why he'd settle for Claire when there was someone like Sofia out there, who'd love him for him and not for his title. He didn't remember the dream, but he saw that kiri was crying again. Her voice was tiny and quiet. He didn't remember what made the scars, and he didn't realize how many there were. He wasn't allowed to drink the juice he liked anymore. He typed in the last number. She had to do what his master said, too. He'd never have to worry about protecting her. The sky was dark, the stars plentiful and bright. Maybe she didn't like it underground. Kiri began to cry again. He wondered why he was in the hallway at all and returned to his room. His trench coat was too heavy for her to lift by the time he finished stowing the weapons. His cell rang, and he answered, eyes always moving. If her Christmas gift was any indication, she thought she might be falling for the brute. She didn't know if he'd welcome the gift or if his recent ordeal left him more jaded towards his past. He wore an assortment of knives on his belt and a silver symbol of a star with two arrows through it that looked older than Damian's on a black choker around his neck. His skin was the shade of melted chocolate, his features too exotic to discern his ethnicity, and his long, straight hair braided down his back. His intense gaze remained on her. He took in her features with passive curiosity. She wasn't sure what she could do to be more boring. He appeared relaxed despite the danger. The driver sped away before the door closed, and she twisted around to see the three men watching them. He patted her leg with another of his friendly smiles and turned his attention to the world racing by them. The energy around them was lively; they were brothers whose bond was formed during their years in the bowels of hell. They touched her, and she smiled. He grinned. He flipped the lights on, and the three of them gathered at the table. He'd done as he promised Jule and eliminated the threat. If it weren't so unsafe, he'd take her with him. He'd never been able to bring himself to wear it. He was the king now in his own right. She'd have time and space to adjust without the added confusion of him. He placed the ring on his finger, body buzzing with lust and anticipation. He struggled to free his arms from the invisible bonds, his eyesight darkening until he dropped into unconsciousness. She stopped and closed her eyes, seeking the home videos that normally streamed. It'd been only a week and a half since she ventured into this new world, but she felt strangely exposed without Pierre with her. Sofia waited a minute, then called. Sofia followed. She suspected Ving had made a couple of hurried phone calls and let the call go to voicemail. At least one of Damian's Guardians lay slain among the scores of vamps. She hesitated and moved away from the car. Her chest was tight and her breath short, but she knew there was one way to find out what happened to Damian. The night's battle lit up her thoughts, and what she saw made her gasp. The vamp before her went down before she saw the outcome, but she knew what happened. Jule leveled a glare on her. She didn't like the reminders that the men around her were capable of such violence. She leaned down, bracing herself as she rested a trembling hand on his forehead. The number wasn't familiar, but she answered. Jule and Dustin reached the building, and she looked at them. The truth settled into the pit of her stomach, along with the realization that she meant what she'd said, she would do whatever it took to free the man she loved. The dead vamp's memories were fresh in her mind, and she sought the sights he'd passed. He led her into a small elevator that plunged quickly to the depths beneath the mountain. The study beyond was a replica of the one in Virginia, down to the Gothic hood on the fireplace. The man with verdant eyes stood beside him, watching her. She closed her eyes to the ceiling. When she gasped for air, his blood trickled into her mouth. His first memory was of waking up, then everything he'd done for the day. He was lean and wiry compared to Damian's bulky build. She started to cry again. Despair washed over her, but she forced herself to concentrate. She paced and stared at him. Though she wasn't hungry, she drank, exploring the black curtain shielding his memories as she did. The image on his bicep was the same she wore around her neck. The man hiding in the corner of her mind, he whose death plagued Damian for thousands of years. His honey-colored eyes were visible in the harsh lighting of the room. She spoke until she drifted into an uncomfortable doze only to awake when he released her. If there was a way to make him see what was in her head … to make him remember … she focused on Damian's memories, the ones before the dark age, when he and his brother were happy. If he were like his brother, he would hear her thoughts. He pulled off the hood with one hand. His honey gaze was still. She dropped to her feet and moved away. His golden eyes swirled. Czerno entered. Two left. They weren't good dreams, and the ones she showed him weren't the only ones in his head. But she didn't. He didn't remember how he got it. If he freed Damian, kiri would go back to his head, where his master couldn't hurt her. Two had helped force feed him, before he knew kiri loved him. He lifted the chain, kiri's chain, and looked at the identical symbols, struck by the idea that he somehow belonged to the same world they did. He took Damian outside to the rock where he and kiri watched the stars and set him down. She was all he had. Two bowed his head, and the green-eyed man was gone. He kicked her in the stomach, and she gasped. Unable to move, she panted, body convulsing with aftershocks from the attack. The man with the green eyes was suddenly behind him, watching her. She doubled over, pain from Czerno's attacks crippling her. She watched him, tempted to run, before realizing the amount of activity in the halls behind her guaranteed her capture. They passed through two more before exiting into a cold desert night on the side of a mountain, overlooking the activity at the elevator's entrance. A massive explosion went off, shaking the ground beneath them. The images replayed, and she launched forward. Warm blood splattered her neck and face. Sofia shook her head to clear the dizziness. She held up her hand. Before she started to drift into an in-between place, she saw Darian stand and look around, awake for the first time in thousands of years. Heat scorched through her and she gasped, awake once again. Pierre hauled her up. A chopper landed ahead of them. Darian held his head, and she wrapped her arms around him, wishing she could protect him from the dark memories breaking free. She was his only relief, and the visions threatened to consume her. Her heart flipped, and she sprinted forward. She hopped to her feet and shoved Jule's arm away, pulling Darian to the ground beside her. Damian rolled onto his side and puked blood into the sand. She clung to him, overwhelmed. He had a throbbing headache, and his body didn't respond the way it should. His brother wasn't sure of anything or anyone else, even if he did match the faces in his thoughts with those around him. No, he wouldn't look that gift horse in the mouth, not when the embodiment of her ability sat hunched before him. He released a deep breath and rose, aware the birth of a new god and discovery of a powerful oracle indicated nothing but more trouble to come. Damian's heavy ring hung off a chain around her neck, and she clenched it. For the first time since entering this world, she felt at peace. Pierre's phone dinged, and he opened it again. Pierre drove the women while the other two followed. She closed the door, surprised at how quiet her room was. Steeling herself, she passed Pierre at her door and knocked on Damian's door. Despite the cool fear spiraling through her, she couldn't help but feel thrilled at the sight of him after she thought she'd lost him. She hugged herself, wanting to throw her arms around him but knowing he was in as an approachable of a mood as Dustin. She took the opportunity to escape, darting by Dustin to her room. Tortured by the thought she might have waited too long, she paced her room until too tired to stand. And then to waltz in and deliver such an important message at a time when he wanted nothing more than to remain infuriated with her for her actions. He'd spent the morning vomiting blood and was able to remember Jule and Dusty by afternoon. Damian closed his eyes in pain, unable to shake his brother's black history. He turned to Damian, his scarred features the most beautiful sight Damian had ever seen. Damian's feelings for her swelled even more. He had a long way to go, but he was alive. He watched her until verifying where she went before returning to the game. Though he was still unable to understand exactly what was going on, he'd improved dramatically even since she last saw him. He moved his arm to wrap around her and pulled her against him. She drew a sharp breath but forced herself to stay, to take his pain. His face was unreadable, his gaze steady. He'd been there long enough that the snow had covered his footprints. Snow crunched under her feet and quickly soaked her flimsy slippers. Snow covered his hair, and his skin was cold. His was not the kind of pain she could fix. She was happy for it. Her heart slowed, and she froze inside the doorway. The whole of Damian's history, his forefather's, all the way to the Beginning, when spirits milled without purpose before the Original Beings shaped the universe into something much greater. The memories rippled through her then coalesced, locking themselves away in the back of her mind. His green gaze switched from her to Dustin, never blinking. She wasn't about to contradict the cold executioner when he was in this mood. Darian jerked. If he was worried, she had a reason to be terrified. Her hands shook. His look softened, and rare warmth crossed his features. She braced herself against the memories running through his head and the confusion as he tried to figure out where he was. Maybe this was jet lag; maybe she was dreaming. There was no stamp, no postmark. As she tugged a brush through her hair, she remembered the scene as if it were yesterday, instead of the three years that had really passed. Two concert tickets for Get Up &amp; Go's upcoming show, and a small scrap of paper with one word on it, in that familiar scrawl. No, Jax wasn't like that. She filled the vase with water and set it in the window above the sink. Cavanaugh pushed him away. It wasn't Spencer's persistence that kept her awake; it was the dreams of Jaxon Ellsbury. She didn't have to be at work until the afternoon and she could take the morning to think. And there they were. Miles had been her best friend for a long time, and then she broke up with Jax and it obviously meant a break up with him, too. He was the prankster of the group, but that was what Cavanaugh had loved him for the most – whenever she was down, Andy was more than able to cheer her up. Sometimes she wondered if he meant it that way. She scrambled from the bed and found her day planner. How could she really be facing more or less same decision again? Maybe they had just hit a pothole or something. Andy was off the bus just as soon as he had roused Jaxon from his sleep, but Miles lingered behind. The next time he heard that name, he needed to know that she was in close proximity to him. Then he would know if she was going to come back to his life or forever leave him wondering what if. Her professors had all warned her that getting into a successful position in the entertainment industry would be difficult, but Cavanaugh already knew that it was all about who you know, and the connections you can make. He found she had a natural talent for taking charge – not being bossy, just taking the lead – and helped her through her school courses when she was ready to give up. She opted instead to call her best friend Lexie and have a spill-fest that night. I don't see this ever actually getting published, but I would like to see it in print. I know it's one of my personal favorites. I can't tell you how much it means to me to see how many people have read this, and how many have enjoyed it. They changed so suddenly that she had had trouble finding out what went wrong. He had obviously drunk a little bit more than too much. She had cried out when his fingers tightened. A few minutes later she had come back down with two suitcases. then he had slammed the door shut and locked it. And she felt that her life couldn't get any worse. Thank you for reading and, please, stay tuned for the next chapter! Thanks! Lol. huh. . . . Uh-huh. "I'm Dean Marshall. ! You must be Adriana. Jerk. Silly me! She chuckled. I can't say, but I didn't like it. . . ! ? Maybe, just maybe, he actually held a soft spot for the place. Target spotted, time to zero in on the kill. It belonged to the kid who'd made his life at school more of a hell than it should have been: Reilly. . He left without a word. There was too much to do at home and too much to do here and he couldn't deal today, so he signed out sick (easy enough as he looked ghoulish) and walked home. he said softly, going over to her side of the bed and shaking her arm gently. It took three tries to say his name. He loved her, he did; it was just sometimes she made him feel like screaming or crying or both. she cried, her face screwing up like that of a child's. he asked her methodically, mentally arranging what he had to do. That odd broken-off, panicky feeling was hovering about and he couldn't give in to it. Luckily he'd always reached her before she'd done anything permanent. But he overcame it, as he usually did and moved fast to get dressed out of his uniform and ready to go to work; after cleaning the mess downstairs and making his mum's dinner, of course. He directed at least three people to the wrong area when they asked for something and fell asleep leaning against the wall on his ten minute break. He fell asleep on the bus on the way home and overshot his stop by two others, so he had to walk an extra twenty minutes to get back home. It rarely came true. She'd just done it again. It hadn't. He felt cold for a little while, and then he felt nothing. . He pressed the button for the nurse. Goodbye. It had sunk into the fake plastic grain. She just sat there doodling, her dark brown hair falling forward onto the desk, covering her face. He must have been a new student. He had a backpack slung over his left shoulder, and he was holding onto the strap with his left hand. Mrs. Mahaffey told the students to quiet down, and continued with the lecture. When the bell rang, she immediately began to pack her things. Maddie figured the other students must have been really bored with their lives if something like a new student was able to become the most exciting event of the day. She hated the bus, and her mother couldn't pick her up until after work, so Maddie would spend her afternoon in one of the art classrooms for as long as the teacher, Mr. White, was around. She heard some sounds coming from the storage room, and a few seconds later Mr. White came out. Maddie barely even noticed, she was so entranced in what she was doing. He was on the basketball team. Then he noticed Maddie. They both stood up, and Maddie reattached the tray to the easel. The two were apparently brothers. The three of them all left the room together, and Mr. White locked the door. Maddie felt like it was her own space, and she didn't like the thought of other people coming into it. Not really. It worked out well for him, since he was fluent in the abandoned languages and enjoyed conversing with machines much more than humans. It was the start of his work ritual to see who was gone, who was new, and to say hello to whoever was still hanging on. In fact, they seemed to welcome his company no matter what he did, so it felt peaceful and calming in a way he couldn't explain. He'd made his escape, heart pounding, and plopped into his chair feeling strangely violated. Deciding to visit with Mary, who sometimes opened her eyes if he read to her since she was on morphine, not comatose, he cracked the book and began. Mary didn't seem to mind the holes in continuity, nor was he sure she'd be around to notice if he never finished the thing. And when he was pissed, codes wouldn't debug, error messages piled up and everything was fucked. He was just getting to the good part when he heard the doorknob turn. Running his hand through his own dark brown mop, he smirked, since the length was in the should have been cut six months ago range. Dylan decided he couldn't be that young. yeah. . Which is what they say I have. I guess it's a good thing that those doctors didn't laugh or else I'd be worried. Obviously, this guy didn't learn what he needed to know. That's what they told me anyway; it's not like I can actually remember any of this happening. Is a completely new one. The last thing that I can remember is studying for finals. His face goes an interesting purple color. I don't think so. I go so far as to tell the nurse this and she opens her mouth to say something, but promptly closes it again. She's always been so nice to me, even though I can be, and often am, a pain in the ass. That's not even a real color, as far as I'm concerned. That is so not like me. I pick up a picture of a man that looks mildly familiar and I show it to Cole. I don't want them to get their hopes up or anything. . he says, indicating my room, which has no purple whatsoever. Or satellite. You know, with the darkness and all, but I don't feel like getting up and actually checking. There is someone in the apartment with me. Even though it's hideous, it's of high quality and I figure that if I have to throw it at someone, it'll inflict enough damage that I'll have time to call the cops. But, hey, maybe things have changed in the last two years. The bastard is probably trying to steal my dishes. It crashes to the floor in an explosion of glass and beige ceramic. I mean, all my other boyfriends have. I'm a good person like that. Well, at least now the place looks homey. From the way he is talking to me, I assume that he doesn't know that I've lost part of my memories. I throw a lamp at him and he's apologizing to me? Not that I can actually remember it or anything. That's what it feels like anyway. If only he weren't so cute. Which, it is not. This whole 'memory loss' thing is a lot of work. That can only mean one of two things: he still cares about me and would die for me, or that he thought that lamp was as every bit ugly as I did. Everything was starting to be too much. The entire place is spotless and none of the plants look dead. It certainly wasn't because he's not cute (and by cute - I mean drop dead gorgeous, of course, with black hair and brown eyes and a body that would make Justin Timberlake jealous), but also because he has been so nice to me. Is not at all. Which, I know, is totally cliche, but I figured why the heck not? As soon as she opened the door and took one look at what I was wearing, she ordered me to go home and change into something 'decent'. It was horrible; everyone was separated into groups, and almost everyone only communicated with people from their groups, unless they were having a party or something. Around 2 percent of the school's population consisted of the others and I was one of those fortunate few. Honestly, I would rather be myself and not fit into any of the cliques. It was actually sort of scary. I finally got to the store, and started searching for the milk. I got my milk, went to the counter and gave it to the woman behind the counter. I frowned and looked back at him – properly. Short translation: He looked fabulous. 'Are you a guy? Who are you? Are you trying to hide something from everyone? 'You're that girl from school! You didn't answer my question. 'That's disgusting! 'Hey Katie, you never came back yesterday,' grumbled Liz the next day. There was a box of chocolates with a note attached to it. As I was talking to Liz, Darien crossed us. Once he was gone, Liz gave another squeal which made me jump back in surprise and stare at her irritably. ' I muttered, staring at my new note. It was a series she read over and over again. But I decided it would be weird if I wrote that down. The first note was last week, and ever since then, I had been getting more than one note a day. Secondly, the ones who did read poetry were probably excellent poets. But what irritated me most was that I still hadn't gotten a note the whole day. I grabbed it and quickly read it. Then it hit me and I suddenly remembered. 'Are you a guy? Why do you have that dazed look on your face? ' I managed to get out. 'I thought Goths freaked you out. I quickly went out, and found Darien sitting on a bench. What sort of girl goes up to someone and asks them if they're a guy or not? How did you know anyway? You're different. ' he asked me. I wonder if I managed to get my point across. So I'm pretty darn sleepy right now. ! If you're a new reader, please enjoy my story and don't forget to leave a review so I can hear your opinion! It's a small town as well but it has it's own hospital, elementary school, high school, college/university, etc. Everything for the game, he thought with a small, sly smirk. They both lost their balance; Alex fell to the ground, catching himself with his arms and rolling around so he was lying on his back, and Aiden fell over him, causing Alex to loose his breath for a few seconds. The feeling was so strong. They both had blue eyes, though; Aiden's were ice-blue while Alex's were azure. The keeper couldn't get it, and the ball went in. Aiden could feel his heart starting to beat faster, and he quickly looked away. He hadn't. Aiden couldn't say he cared all that much about Ellen Fresk, though. They could have been a couple, if they only had dared to just ask each other the Big Question. Sarah blushed even more, but she smiled coyly up at him. His heart was still pounding faster than normal, and he could feel that he had a slight blush on his cheeks. His black hair curled itself in his neck and around his ears; his forelock almost covered his entire forehead and some strands of hair hung down in his emotional, azure eyes. Alex's eyes were bright, so haunted and full of various emotions, but he thought he could see something different in them… Something that wasn't related to the bad feelings he had for his home and family. He knew what the bigger boy could do. He had started selling drugs – it was then Aiden had started to doubt this friendship – and now he had taken paid from a girl to beat up another girl because of jealousy. Peter had also gotten pretty friendly with Sarah, they were so obviously in love, but neither of them did anything about it. He had actually started wondering if they had ever been his friends at all… He highly doubted it. Never. Then Marcus' knee exploded against his chin. He coughed, and managed slowly to crawl to his feet. Marcus fell to the ground with a crash; the curses hailed loudly over them all. Well out in the open, he stopped for a moment to find out how much hurt he actually was. Those fuckers, Aiden swore silently and wiped away the blood on his chin. he said, grabbed one of Aiden's arms and slid it over his shoulders. The person who walked into the classroom… It was Alex, the boy who had helped him after the fight with Marcus, Seb and Matt. she said and gave the latter a dark look. He said and looked at his black-haired friend. All characters and storylines are the property of the author and your support and respect is appreciated. Honestly I think my butt bruises every time we have one of these stupid assemblies. There weren't very many of us; in fact there were probably around 300 girls in the entire school. Not to mention she was a naturally obnoxious person. This year everything would definitely be different because I had been named the student captain of our cross-country team. It seemed like one of the biggest crimes ever that her divorced parents put her in Grace Worthington's School for Girls. I mean anyone in a suit can look intimidating. In fact, I don't even know how old our rivalry is. Finally, we were out of the crowded gym and in the quad of Grace Worthington. I mean you can't find such perfection anywhere else in the world. Vik's Pizzeria was the bomb. I meant nice back. The pizzeria always had a wonderful vibe to it; like an old grandparent's home. There were a few black and white portraits that hung on wall next to the kitchen that showcased music legends like the Rolling Stones, the Beatles, and of course the King himself. The food was quick and delicious and the owners, Vik and Estelle, doted on their customers—treating each person like their own child. They don't seem to know the meaning of the word polite, or about common courtesy. I'm not some kind of dog for Pete's sake. Instead I just held my head higher, and walked with Angie and Nikki confidently towards the exit of the shop. They were good people that didn't deserve a rowdy group of teenagers fighting in their restaurant. But even with the amount of light around us I could still here Nikki cursing every few minutes as her feet collided with new roots and tree trunks. Angie and I always joked around saying that she was like a walking fire truck since you could see her bright red hair from miles away. We walked in the back while two other juniors walked led the way. Honestly. Otherwise there were just too many girls to look after—we would be too conspicuous. It was just one of the things you had to do, like graduating. We were just passing on traditions. . When they dropped to the ground she started sprinting—not looking back. . But I heard him. I don't need to be arrested before the school year even starts thank you very much. I could hear pounding footsteps as the man tried to follow us, but I think we got a pretty good head start. I was more preoccupied with getting away. I felt exhilarated and I couldn't keep the wide grin off my face. Not to mention I was still in enemy territory. When I got to the store I let out a relieved sigh as I opened the door and stepped in. He looked like he was around my age. I almost blushed at his words but I caught myself in time before I acted completely foolish. I was going to be his next victim. just in case. Oh no. It couldn't be. There was no possible way that he could belong to the enemy. However, the Laundromat was definitely out of the way for anyone that lived near the public school. Any guesses as to who the mysterious Laundromat Boy is? Favorite ice cream flavor? Sequel to The Thin Line and Walk the Line. Scratches and bites marring Ava's skin make it so the Aldridge-Stratton family must decipher the mystery of who is hurting Ava and how they can protect her. Tristan shut his mouth after that, sighing before kissing his mate. Times were different now, but Will wanted a boy for him to raise up to be a man, teach him to always respect a woman, love his mother, his mate. Her breathing hitched, a loud moan escaping her lips. There was a large wet spot beneath Em and he watched her thigh muscles clench. Tristan had told Will that those first few moments after the birth were the most powerful, because it was the essential bonding moments between mother, father and baby, or babies, in their case. Tristan wanted Will to understand that family was everything. Tristan craned his neck, the pain his daughter was feeling was angering him, though he knew it was only natural. He needed to be there now; she needed him now. His babies weren't even born yet and he was mulling over the fact that he'd hand his girls over to someone else one day. Em looked to the doorway, where Will was standing, smiling briefly at him before she experienced another contraction. The small baby girl fell into Will's hands as she looked up at him, eyes matching his with a tuft of brown hair atop her head. The little baby found Em's breast and began to suckle. Still holding their daughter, Em gave one final push, expelling the final baby from the womb. Will brought him to his chest, soothing the baby's crying as the boy cuddled in his arms. Will stood up and brought the boy over to Emilie, who nestled the boy in her arms, with him beginning to suckle as well. Will watched as the boy pulled away from Em's breast, resting his head on it instead. The boy gave Will a tiny smile as he began to get comfortable on his chest. If you notice, say so in your review and which character and someone lucky human girl may be hooking up with Masen in the coming chapters before his mate shows up! . . . I know we weren't supposed to talk, but I was trying to help the teacher. Not only that, but I also feel self-conscious as I walk towards the detention teacher, who I recognize to be my science teacher from last year, Mr. Yates. I was shocked myself. Oh, Mr. Yates, you're a great man, but you were always way too loud. It's like coming off of me in waves. But, nonetheless, I sit down in the empty seat all the way in the back, and in unison, everyone gasps. It was all very confusing, and it doesn't help that I keep hearing the same thing over and over again. I am not going to be afraid of some prep bastard that thinks he rules the school. Both young women had barely anything on with the windows rolled down and the almost nonexistent air conditioner on. Most of the time she didn't realize it was there. she said quietly. He glanced toward Lorie and widened his smile further. She gestured to the direction they'd driven from. It was like its own little village. Her chest might not have been as full as Vae's, but the butt that cheer-leading had provided her certainly made up for it. She didn't want to show up in New York with a farmer's tan. He trailed off because he didn't know how to address the girls. she said quietly. she said urgently. All were covered in sweat and testosterone when they climbed through the front door. They walked down the hallway, passing what they assumed was the kitchen because of the clinking of metal on glass and the thick smell of chicken and rice. Vae shifted uncomfortably under the stares, and even Lorie fidgeted a little with the attention. She raised an eyebrow playfully. she snapped at Vince. She forced the magazine away from her face and located a pillow with her other hand. So where were the mothers? The rain would grow harsh and then fade slightly, and then go back to its previous roughness in a matter of minutes. she said tiredly. A headphone toppled out of Vae's ear and bounced of her shoulder. The sleeping beauty muttered something about flying with kings and queens and rolled over to face the wall. She wiped the very light coat of mud off her boots onto the rug and then proceeded to find her clothes. She scanned for a hairbrush or comb without leaving her seat on the counter, but with no success. she explained once she realized it was Matthias. She tried to start a conversation, but her lack of words was interrupted by a feminine shriek. By the time she reached Vae, Matthias already had the unfamiliar man pressed against the wall with his forearm crushing his throat. Heat from anger radiated off of them in waves. he finally said. She strapped it loosely to her side as she ran through the fog into the trees. If she was looking for the road she would've pulled either left or right a while back. She looked for that familiar long, black hair, but came up with nothing. She tilted her head and squinted, as if slanting her eyes would help her sharpen the features of the figure that was five yards away. No longer a human form, the creature was hunched over and instead of facing her, was looking to its left. Whatever was cornering Vae was no longer interested in the weakest prey. The bullet zoomed somewhere between the neck and the shoulder, knocking the beast on its side. The gun slid from her grasp. and then the updates for it will be once a week, or maybe twice depending on how fast i can get chapters out for both of these stories! All Rights Reserved. It would seem overly forward to intrude into their conversation. And groaned inwardly. He was always wearing it – even when he was working as a lifeguard, because the watch had been made for diving purposes and was, quite naturally, water resistant. Beside me, Bertha's eyes about popped out. While waiting, I turned back to look towards the counter, where Bertha was trying her hardest to chat Dylan up. Distant. Dylan had very clear ideas on what he did or did not care for, and not many things or people made the cut. As a last ditch effort at matchmaking, she pounced on Mary-Jane as the girl passed by. That, and she didn't seem to know a thing about Dylan's no-date rule, which had basically been common knowledge at Northridge. Even under normal circumstances, she would never catch Dylan's attention that way. I asked tiredly. Judging from the sudden silence from behind me, neither could the rest of the waitresses. He would get bored with her within the day. He met my eyes and balked, but it was already too late to turn back without incurring the suspicions of the girl beside him. Under my sardonic gaze, he flushed and amended his order. Just a little. Ever. I narrowed my eyes at him. And now, seeing him again, I was pissed off. Apparently my wish hadn't come true, but then they hadn't for a long time now. How I managed to keep from snapping at her I didn't know, but the moment the hour hand hit six, I was gone. I hesitated at the gate, then strode past determinedly. When there was no reply, I flicked on the lights and meandered upstairs. I wouldn't be able to forgive myself if I hadn't checked and something had happened. There was a moment of silence in which she looked bewildered, as if trying to remember what a mother should do. There would have been dinner at his house. Then came the knock at my door. He moved forward, and, when I showed no signs of resistance, stepped into my room entirely. I still wasn't sure if that was a curse or a blessing. It didn't matter that he had been my best friend, my first love. She'd asked if I was okay with her confessing her feelings to him. And when I'd walked in on them kissing in the kitchen, Dylan pressing her up against the refrigerator like he could no longer hold himself back, my heart had already been shattered by that prior knowledge. I had been, and it had been hell. I hadn't known what had happened, and why Dylan had been sitting almost lifelessly by the window, dull blue eyes shuttered, until I'd croaked,  and my mother had broken down crying. I'd been saved because she'd had to strap me in to stop me from rolling off the car seat while she drove. I had the exact same eyes that she'd had. He hadn't so much as glanced in my direction at the funeral, just stood in the back, head down, jaw clenched – looking in all the world like he'd lost the love of his life. Then he'd pushed me away and stumbled back into the house without even a word of apology, slamming the door in his wake. They were my friends, too, even though I wasn't half as close to them as I'd been to Dylan. And I was also hoping to hell that none of the guys would bring up Talia. There had been no response when I'd knocked, so I'd simply pushed open the door and walked in. The empty bottles scattered beside the couch must have been the remnants of Dylan's own pity party, most likely started after the others had left. he'd drawled rudely, even as his eyes had flicked over me. I'd had to take a deep breath before replying, because in that moment, he'd sounded so much like the old Dylan – my Dylan – that I'd wished I had brought him a present. We'd gone out that very day to pick it out together. When I'd seen him lift his hand to move it in a tell-tale swiping motion across his face, I'd looked away and bent down to pick up the present. I hadn't been able to say it. Then he'd slowly made his way over to me, walking like someone wading through thick swamp mud in a desperate attempt to get to shore. I'd decided, in that split second, to never tell him that it hadn't been her idea – that it had been mine. If she hadn't been so worked up that she'd forgotten to buckle herself in. These tears had been a long time coming. He'd reached up and grabbed my hand, stilling it. There'd been a little pause in which we'd both reflected on what had happened that day. But I'd wanted to know if he'd had a better explanation for it. The truth was that we'd somehow ended up kissing – again – and it had been nothing like the first. As I'd stood there, listening to him breathe, feeling every short burst of air rasp against my skin, I'd felt a need so deep, so strong that it had threatened to choke me – the need to feel alive, to know that I'd still lived, that I hadn't been the one buried six feet underground… because sometimes that was what it had felt like. He'd been the only one who understood my pain. I'd fancied, offhandedly, that if I'd listened closely, I could almost hear the gears of his mind screeching to a complete halt. But it had been proof of the blood moving in his veins, his aliveness, and I'd found it comforting. Then I'd started unbuttoning his shirt. And I could now fully appreciate the irony of our positions on the issue. I'd known he wouldn't be back. Except it had become increasingly clear that I'd never read the sister's codebook, because I'd done everything wrong. I'd been understandably surprised, then, when I'd heard the pebbles pinging off my windows in the middle of the night the next day. But that had all been back when we'd been best friends, before he'd started dating Talia and before she'd died and we'd become strangers overnight. he'd said, keeping his voice low so that the sound wouldn't travel much. Or maybe he just hadn't cared enough to ask. He had been the perfect boyfriend. I'd barely remembered when I had last felt 'okay'. When I'd made no move to break the silence, he'd closed his eyes briefly as if pained. I'd known then, without a doubt, that he wouldn't have slept with me if he'd been fully sober. He'd crossed the room in two strides and reached out to me, before snatching his hands back like he hadn't known if he should've been touching me. I'd pressed the balls of my palms against my eyes, trying to stop the shuddering sobs. Then I'd remembered what was there and held my breath for so long that my tears had dried up. And I'd betrayed her one of in the worst ways possible. And I'd thought my heart couldn't have shrivelled even more. I wouldn't have given up that one time with Dylan for anything – almost anything. he'd said finally,  As he'd stood by my desk, staring at me, while I'd stared silently back, I'd wondered what had happened to us that we'd come to here and now, to this – standing across the room, apologising stiltedly, barely able to stand the sight of each other because it had reminded us too much of what had happened. And that had been why I'd had my heart set on forgetting. And how so very wrong. And with one last look in the direction of my desk, he'd been gone. He'd been looking straight at me. Then it had just been skin on skin, heartbeat against heartbeat, and I'd closed my eyes and tried to forget everything else except the sound of his breathing against my ear. But every now and then, when we'd run into each other and ended up alone, it would inevitably end in another downward spiral together. Our only way of coping. In a sense, it had been. I'd tasted his despair then, and I tasted it again now. He was in one of his moods, and the best way to deal with it was to let him have his way. Feeling his skin on mine, his heartbeat beneath my fingers, feeling him alive and knowing that the sensations he evoked in me were proof that I, too, was alive – that spoke more than words ever could. She was my sister, my other half – how could betraying her come so easily? Sometimes I even wondered if all those years when we'd been best friends had been just a series of events I had hallucinated. I snapped then. I couldn't just let it – him – go without an explanation, even though I usually enjoyed the way we operated on a strictly need-to-know basis. He was furious, and I didn't know why. We had been making out at a pretty well-lit spot, after all. But instead of saying that, I retorted,  It was the first time I'd said it out loud, but goodness knew I'd thought it many times. Don't open this can of worms. I whispered, even though he was already doing so. He swiped a hand over his face, taking deep breaths as if to calm himself. Anything but sit silently and let this newest discovery fester in my mind. How he'd known that I hadn't had dinner was beyond me, but then he'd always been observant. It was one thing to suspect, but another entirely to have that suspicion confirmed. I scowled at him just as a tear broke free and ran down my cheek. It was just sex. But I could have this. I deserved this much… didn't I? And she had died in my place. My family wouldn't be falling apart. Just like it had been temporary in the past. I loved that smell. I said softly. No matter how much we wished, Talia would never come back. I'd managed to block it out for weeks now, but his words brought everything crashing back down. Damn him for putting the guilt squarely back on my shoulders. Welcoming him. My fingers, in direct contradiction to my words, trailed a path down his chest to cup the most important part of his anatomy through his boxers. he promised, as he pressed his body against mine to push me backward onto the bed. I had just turned away to place an order with the kitchen when I heard – rather than saw – Dylan and his friends enter, because a sudden hush settled over the waitresses and they all turned, as if of one accord, towards the door. Some flashed him sultry smiles of interest, but those just went right over his head. They didn't know him at all. It was stupid to expect otherwise. I knew there were several rumours floating around about us – about how we'd transitioned from best friends to unspeaking strangers virtually overnight. And they weren't very skilled at hiding it either. I understood the mischief dancing in her eyes the moment she gestured towards the table that Dylan and his friends were at. The whole ordeal only took a minute or so, and it was all so very civilised that the other waitresses had lost interest and dispersed before I'd even made it back behind the counter. The other staff went about with their work as if they hadn't all been watching my every move with malicious smiles just a few moments before. Except it had never worked, mostly because it had been my drinking that had led to Talia and Dylan's argument and her driving me home prematurely, which had then led to the crash… and everything else after that. He was probably a friend of a friend of a friend. Dylan was a little hard to top. He wouldn't be mine for long. It went beyond all the boundaries of logic that I'd previously known. Dylan hadn't chosen me, either, when my twin sister had been alive. Other people's boyfriends, that was, because I sure as hell couldn't get my own. This last part was muttered half to himself. here I used air quotes,  Then I thought of Rick and felt like a hypocrite, lecturing this poor guy on cheating when I'd helped someone cheat not too long ago. Dylan put out a hand to steady me. Dylan's glare could've flayed stone. The pounding music was, by now, giving me a headache, so when Dylan grabbed my hand and pulled me back upstairs, I didn't resist. All these parties, all these people – they all seemed to blend into each other after a while. Fuck-every-time-we-don't-want-to-think-about-Talia buddies? The footsteps behind and the warmth at my back told me, without looking over my shoulder, that Dylan had followed. And he wasn't always mine. Before I forgot all about the guilt and started wanting more. I warned, referring to the door-slamming. I stared at him, slightly dazed, as he kicked the door shut and pressed me up against the now closed door. His hands and lips worked just as furiously as mine. Both heels fell with a thump onto the floor below, quickly forgotten. I loved him – this playful Dylan, the one smiled like he meant it, who didn't hide all his feelings under that so oft-constructed poker face of his. I writhed against him, taking satisfaction in the groan that ripped from his throat. We stayed that way for one long second, before all of a sudden, my hands were running all over his body and he was moving with frenzied strokes, as if we could never have enough time together. It was all we could do. Being with him let me forget, but also, inevitably, forced me to remember. I sighed and bent over, running my hand over the cold gravestone. Now I only felt a clawing ball of agony lodged within my chest. He ran his hand over the slab of marble, stroking it, caressing it, looking as if he could see something I couldn't. Then he swallowed and turned on his heel. It couldn't continue. And that was enough. I couldn't. He spoke about how Talia had been in life, about her flaws but mostly about her strengths, and how she had made a difference to the ones who'd known and loved her. I felt something bitter start gnawing at me from within. Another part of me, the part I wish I didn't have – the part of me that was me – was darkly jealous. Eventually, just as everyone else was ready to release their balloons, I scribbled two words down:  Then I let my balloon fly with the rest. She would've found it poetic. Just lots of good and bad memories that came together to define who we were to each other. And second – Dylan was the only one left. I felt the anger rising in me like an inferno, and welcomed it. He didn't look at me until I stopped half a foot in front of him. Did he think he was the only one who loved her, who missed her? I wanted to punch him, to crack that ice, to make him react. he said, in the grimly satisfied tone of someone who had been proven right on something he hadn't wanted to believe but did. I repeated, my voice stronger this time. His eyes flashed with remembered anger. That familiar old guilt rose up, almost choking me. Sometimes I wondered if he even remembered who I had been to him, before he had started dating Talia. What were those ten years of friendship worth? To put a little bit of the pain I was feeling in his eyes. Then he chuckled mockingly. I rallied and took the plunge. Even now, even after everything I'd said, he was still icily calm. He couldn't not hate me and still say something like that. I only remember feeling dazed, like the world had stopped spinning, like in that one suspended moment before a crash when you knew – just knew, that you were never going to recover from this for the rest of your life. Watching me bleed from his words. He might not even truly have meant what he'd said. It was too late for that. Sometimes it felt like Talia had been their only daughter. I'd driven here on my own; I could drive myself back. Still thinking of her. I couldn't do that with Dylan here. I knew that he knew it. Apparently satisfied with his actions, he sat back in his own seat. Sick at heart, I muttered,  I drummed my fingers nervously against the steering wheel, watching out of the corner of my eye as he buckled himself in. Maybe Dylan buckling me in had driven home the way Talia had died, or maybe that incident from one year ago was just weighing heavily on my mind that day – even the idea of driving, of being trapped in a car on the road surrounded by other cars, gave me the shivers. He knew why I was driving at a speed barely faster than a crawl. By the end of it, my hands were shaking so badly that I had no choice but to pull up by the curb before I hit someone or someone hit me. I felt that I really would cry then. . he repeated, more sharply now. I blinked as I came face to face with Dylan. Dylan repeated, and I tried to focus on the warmth of his hands and the steadiness of his voice. Exhale. He let his hands fall away and settled back in his seat like nothing had happened. I licked dry lips and forced my next words out. So I sat in the car, terrified to even move for fear that I'd upset the balance of the car or do anything else that would cause a crash. Hadn't he already hurt me enough? I accused, before retracing my steps to do just that. He dropped them in my palm. I rounded on him, shrieking, no longer caring if the neighbours were going to hear. All the more painful. And how could I tell him that I loved him without further betraying Talia? he said lowly, not quite looking me in the eye. I looked at him, wanting to say something, anything, but the closed off expression on his face discouraged further communication. His steps were quick, restless, and he had barely taken a few before he broke into a run, as if he couldn't wait to get out of his own skin. As far as anyone else was concerned, we were simply best-friends-turned-acquaintances who were mourning the most important person in our lives. It let me pretend he was mine. Nobody should have known. At least, that was what I'd thought. I was not a part of it anymore. Bertha said. It really was the quiet ones that you had to watch out for. Just like my parents had. I would never let her see how much the news had shaken me. If anything had proved that I'd meant nothing but a substitute for Talia to him, this was it. Besides, it was hypocritical of me to expect him to hold onto the memory of Talia forever – I had been the one who had induced him to betray her memory in the first place. I had no desire to let the voyeurs like Bertha see me squirm. Dylan had a very clear type. Then he flashed me a smirk. I just wanted him gone now. Now came the showdown. Or maybe he'd realised the same thing I had that day – that life had to go on. Even with Talia gone, he had chosen someone that wasn't me. Everyone was staring at us, even the customers who probably had no idea what was going on. Wasn't that why I'd tried to keep it from him in the first place? We would probably never see each other again. To hell with them. I had nothing more to lose. And on Saturday night, at yet another party thrown by yet another nameless schoolmate, it was this recklessness in my blood that drove me to try and take back, from Annie Fordham's dainty little hands, the most important thing I had left. Now, though, I needed to get him alone. When he wandered into the kitchen, I shoved him into the storage room and pulled the door shut behind us. I instinctively reached out for him. As proof, I launched myself against him and wrapped my arms around his neck. He seemed really determined to make that relationship work. Until now. There was a sour feeling spreading in the region of my stomach and I realised something. How long? Not when I'd finally gathered up to courage to say what I'd never said two years ago. He closed his eyes and sighed. What he wanted now was stability – who he wanted now was Annie. . And then I had kissed him. How betrayed? She had put my happiness before her own. Word by word. I could barely hear myself. I ignored it. When I didn't immediately throw the contents of my cup into his face, he sidled closer and wrapped an arm around my waist. I hadn't returned home even for Christmas, knowing what a farce that would have been. And I'd tried to forget Dylan. And now it was summer once again, and I had returned home for the first time since I'd left for college. Goodbye to my childhood home, my twin sister… and a childhood love I had never really let go of. It was as if I had never been away. There really was nothing left for me here. And people died. For one crazy moment, I looked at the dark waters and wondered how it would feel like to just close my eyes and sink. I saw Dylan's eyes widen and then I went under and darkness engulfed me from all sides. I wanted to live. And if I didn't, I was going to suffocate. When my lungs had stopped burning, I tried to twist around to see what it was that had wrapped around me so tightly and was even now carrying me forward through the water. I tried to relax, to make his job easier, but dread was filling me as I figured out that the warm thing that had tried to grab me underwater – that I'd pushed away and tried to clamber on top of – had been him. I heard him mutter, over and over. I whispered, unknowingly reverting to the nickname I'd called him by back when we'd been friends, stroking my hands across his back to try to warm him up. My nose was starting to ache and my eyes tried to blink back tears that I knew were coming. When the silence dragged on, I cracked open my eyes and saw him staring at me seriously. I'd missed him. I mumbled. Much too close. As if he had never fallen for Talia, and she had never died, and the past year of absence had melted away, and I was still the most important person in his life and he was still mine. There was another silence, this one sharp, edgy, crawling with unspoken words. We'd been pressed up against each other for a whole ten minutes – ten minutes too long. My bra and panties were still wet from my dive into the ocean, but I pulled on my clothes, grimacing at the uncomfortable sensation of having my undergarments sticking to my skin. This Dylan was Talia's; was Annie's. It seemed that he was always saving me. Damn her, Annie Fordham had been good for him. I understood, and I could even forgive him for saying it – but I could never forget. He leaned forward to grip the top of my arms so tightly that I was sure he could feel my pulse pumping through my veins. He'd lost me a long time ago. I couldn't manage anything else. We'd needed to be separate to heal. Everything had changed. There had been nothing worth salvaging in our dysfunctional affair. I had left. I'd spent those two weeks exploring the city, learning how to enjoy life again. The guilt would never fully fade, but we were healing. I'd never even been in the running. Because I couldn't have stood staying such close friends with him when I was in love with him and he was dating my sister. I had chosen myself over our friendship. I loved him so much that my heart could've burst from it. He pulled away immediately, wiping at the wetness with his thumbs. This would make the final goodbye a lot harder. he whispered back. I whispered finally, looking down to avoid his piercing blue gaze. Even not counting that last year at college, there were two years missing. When the silence continued to drag on, I turned and left. Thinking. There was no way anyone could have missed that crash. I reached out to touch the wooden surface. Then, clenching my teeth, I twisted the knob and the door swung open. The romance novels that she'd hidden in the bedside drawer. Now packed away in sterile cardboard boxes. All our conversations back then had inevitably delineated into either sex or competitions to see who could hurt the other the most. He'd figured it out. . He leaned in and kissed them away. If Talia had lived, he would never have been mine, not even after I had drunkenly accosted him at that party two years ago, the night that Talia had died. The sheen of tears lining his eyes broadcasted the truth loud and clear. Talia had paid for mine. So many things I would've changed. And maybe, between the two of us, we could somehow make it work. I really should have broken them up at the end, but I couldn't bear to. I am truly sorry. Naturally, by the time I bought my ticket, the train was gone, and I was left alone on Platform 24. Having been somewhat of a studious girl, I pulled out a thick textbook and began that night's homework. However, the schedule confirmed my assumption, and I was left to twiddle my thumbs on the bench. I walked over, curious. I recognized them instantly as musical notes. This took up the remaining time and not long after I finished copying the short piece, the train pulled up to the platform. I wondered vaguely who'd written such a wonderful piece on the wall of the subway. Besides, I didn't actually think the composer would read my note, anyway, so I supposed it didn't matter how well I wrote it. I do hope you continue to write. Slinking away from the writing and the music, I made my way back to the bench to wait for the next train. To get to the hospital, I had to take the subway, since my mother was rarely available to drive. I copied the music onto a sheet of paper and took it home with me to play. People rarely used the phone anymore; cell phones were growing in popularity. I suppose my personality must have changed drastically, for the guidance counselor approached me one day. I looked up at her, smoothing out my uniform skirt under the table. I could see little salmon-colored fuzz on the edges of the lenses. I decided to humor her. It was all I could do to keep from laughing. She gave me an awkward look. Indeed he had, yet this message was much different than the others. I will meet you in front of the vending machine in that station. So, I waited for the F train to come and hopped on, squishing myself in between a stiff business man and a lady with a feather on her hat. I saw no one, and no one approached me. I knew it was him the moment he emerged from the crowd. He brushed back his bangs. He smiled slightly, tilting his head off to one side. I stepped just a little closer to him. But he could at least have been honest with me and not made up some corny metaphor. He raised his chin a bit, closed his eyes. Reviews are greatly appreciated! so normal. him. . . . Sound like you? Victim. something to take care of. I reset it last week. Odd. I'm not really sure how it's going to turn out, but I like how it's starting. Please and thank yous. PLEASE JUST GIVE ME TIME, I'M BUSY WITH MY OTHER UNCOMPLETED STORIES AS WELL AS WORK AND OTHER THINGS. He merely raised an eyebrow. Aunt Kat sounded concerned. . on switching it to the afternoon show, Jeopardy. I and everyone else knew it. off and headed up stairs, bookbag in tow, to do my homework. . ! Yes, Michael. Everyone wants to be with a princess. Phew. We live three doors apart in the same dormitory! He just didn't get it. Nevertheless I receive the things he gives me. Worth continuing? I can go next year," I reply, taking off my hat. Yay. As usual. I look at him blankly. Damn. The rewrite is pending completion of Scenes are for the Socially Inept, so if you're interested just have patience. Surprisingly, though he rarely listened in class he always got good grades. At least it was something to think about besides the pain. To complete the look, he wore black lipstick, and heavy black eyeliner framed his large dark eyes. It was lonely, but he preferred it that way. Pulling out his notebook, he began to take notes on the lecture. Whispering broke out across the room as the pair walked over to the teacher. Her knee high socks were decorated with a matching pink diamond pattern, and she wore black Mary Jane shoes. The boy had long since looked away from her, uninterested, but he exuded an air of cold indifference that made her shiver. Several hands were in the air, but because she was a teacher Mrs Bell automatically looked for the unwary. Specifically, Calgary, Alberta. Her father had bought a house with a mountain view, and promised to take her skiing in the Rockies as soon as it snowed. He had been adamant, explaining that none of the private schools were accepting applicants at this time of year. If she was going to be spending a week with him, she would have to get to know him, wouldn't she? He had to spend the week with her, didn't he? She looked so lost, however, that Adrian sighed and explained to her what they were currently working on. Not knowing what else to do, she did. He was halfway through his explanation when another voice interrupted them. He lacked the makeup that the other two wore. Thankfully, Marc answered that question for her. She seemed to be doing that a lot today. There were already a few people under the tree, dressed mostly in an assortment of black garments. And what kind of name was Blaze, anyways? He accepted and they lit up. Once again Marissa introduced herself to the teacher, and he directed her to a seat near the front. he continued. And they had been nice to her. At this point, you really have no idea, do you? I'm finally done with this mess. c. Natalia asked interestedly. He really hoped that that he had heard the noblewoman wrong. However, the powers that be decided that she would not be able to remain in mourning for long. It was the War of Seasons, and the area the March contained was vital in the war campaigns. He was just generally creepy. Draw up those terms to the Lady, and if she agrees, marry her. He walked back into the room in which Lady Mairi was sitting, and gave her a basic outline of the terms. Even Lundie would visit the baby, but would only stare for a few moments, before leaving quickly, and as quietly as a wraith. It was not until their wedding night, that the kind admitted that he had an adopted child, which of course had no consequence. The baby was soon given the name Nerini, and was just as quickly shoved off to a wet nurse, easily forgotten in her mother's mind. He was enthralled to have someone younger than him to play with. However, the king had demanded that Silas call Lundie 'Uncle', and so he did. He would be born in the Winter Season, on the same day of Silas' 5th birthday. The king and queen paraded their newborn around the court. The downside of this was that he was alone. All of this was for Lorne, who Silas had yet to meet. Lundie had remembered! He did not understand why Lorne was so special. It was a silk choker, and the charm on the front was a golden lock, with crystals along the edges. However, none of this really mattered to his siblings. The five year old ran out to the three older children. However, Silas felt that he was on a dangerous edge, and tried never to offend anyone. he said, and then ran back to his friends. There was a crisp cold bite in the air, but the children were well bundled. As future king, Lorne was required to spend most of his time there. He quickly shirked off his own layers, and jumped into the river. When they reached ground, Silas leaned over Lorne, to make sure the boy was breathing. Silas said. Silas decided to be nice for once. I didn't need to. Being involved in the dramatic arts isn't just for girls and gays. It sucked some major balls, and at this point in time, I was in the dreaded drama class. I am rather talented, if I do say so myself. Plus, she was well connected, so some big names normally turned up, and these included people that could make your career go places. Plus the fact that she never seemed to notice me. I mean, not that I noticed or anything. She did it two more times, then smiled up at me. Rehearsals where becoming rather difficult, with the whole class doing different work out video's before each rehearsal to help increase out stamina. With an eye roll, I made my way to the back of the stage. Vanilla, she smelt like vanilla, it was an inviting smell. I smirked in spite of myself. Why was I here now? Granted it seemed like most of the other straight males in the cast had come as well, and then there were the normal techies who always seemed to be around. I couldn't believe it. I have no idea why I even came. For the first time, in a long while, I blushed. With the cuts being done, she picked up the piece of lumber, that was longer then herself, and several other pieces and set them on a table. The set was complete and caused your mouth to drop slightly, Kye had some natural talent, a gift, whatever you wanted to call it; and she had all the scene changes running flawlessly, all being done in under twenty seconds, but she wanted under fifteen by the end of the night. This girl knew how to put it all together. In my six years of doing this, it was the first time that thought had crossed my mind, and as the curtains closed for the final time, I held my ground till the audience could be seen no more, then I went off to find the only person I really wanted to talk to. I'm much happier with the ending, it seems a bit less rushed, but I'm always happy to get reviews to know what you all think, and if you catch any of my mistakes let me know! Sorry for the wait, and thank you all for reading. Bitchy trumps pretty any day. He's hovering, using every last one of those inches in an attempt to intimidate me. But instead of sitting down, he leans over to the seat behind him― my seat, and grabs the stack of books sitting on top of my desk. What a douche bag. First period is off to a fantastic start. I stand up, smacking the stack to his chest before he can even open his mouth. ', as I trudge back toward the window. On. Snap kick! The next thing I hear is the sound of the window thudding shut and this sickening crack. One of his hands didn't make it away from the window. I'm not too sure. I just think that my chances for a rather sudden death might be a bit higher right now. Simon is beginning to look a little woozy. Good ol' Cody. I wait, my future hinging on whatever words come out of his mouth next. Maybe he's not so bad after all. I try to keep my head down as Simon walks past my desk. We don't know for sure. I express this. It's the shit. At the end of the day, I'm seventeen and I don't have tits. Cowboys. Besides, I'm sure I'll have plenty more to talk about when he gets back to school. I don't like it. Especially when you consider the circumstances. I broke his goddamn hand. I watch as he slips into driver's side, waiting for him to unlock the door for me. With no other warning, the car door slams shut with a loud thunk. I love to argue; I had heard this particular phrase a lot. Why couldn't he see how this would feel from my end of things? I was still angry. Maxi-pad, Eczema, Miss Mexico (my mother is from Argentina)…countless others as well, but they didn't have the same 'ring' to them and weren't used as often growing up. As much as I hated to admit it sometimes. Sweet deal! What was it to him, if only one person was going to get the job, why would he interest himself in the list of applicants? His expression looked a bit startled, like the appearance of a person suddenly roused from sleeping, but it quickly settled into a more neutral look. I didn't want to believe it possible that my mother had been right—that Everett Myers had grown up, but it may have been true. ' Nope, it might have been kind of true but his apology seemed so genuine and this was a job interview, regardless of whether I wanted the job or not, I would have to at least be civil. ' was the ever ready retort, for when he'd say or do something mean or stupid. What in the world was I doing fessing up to things that paled in comparison to everything he'd done to me? While Everett had the benefit of being a few years older than me and thus grading sooner, luck had very little to do with it. It was strange, it suddenly hit me how grown up we really were. Did I just accept a job from him? Any form of plagiarism regarding this story on this site, other sites, or in real life will be dealt with in the court of Law. Characters are different and things have changed, so I'd love if you read it. . And, damn, is he a great kisser. Tristan decided that that one would be his kill, so he split off from the team-work of the pack to pursue the lamb on his own. He entered the wood. it's wolf territory. Get the Balance out of whack, and they'd both eventually starve to death. What the hell was the use of being able to see color if they couldn't even manage to hide themselves appropriately? Too easy. Tristan had his jaws around the other boy's throat before his back hit the ground. There was time to enjoy the moment. He was set for the kill, and it felt good. After the kill. And felt good. That was his right, by Law. Tristan had an erection. As he panted, spent, Tristan's saliva dripped down into the lamb's open mouth. . More than enough to be branded a Criminal and kicked out of the Town. whatever. The Law required it – as did his own guilt. Besides, as long as he didn't speak – he still had the right to kill. And those eyes were still looking into his. . At all. Now she's being groped by strange naked men, stalked by werewolves, and learns she's not entirely human herself. Any duplication without permission of the author is prohibited. Autumn clouds hung low in the sky and fog was heavy in the air. It was nothing more than a hoax to get a rise out of people. She rubbed at the sore spot and cursed under her breath. They probably didn't have the room anyway. If not, she would be stuck here with nothing. It was a complete mess! She could only hope anyway. The cabdriver got out with her to unlock the trunk and helped pull the luggage and boxes out. Even the wind seemed to be holding its breath. Maybe things weren't as bad as they seemed. That could mean that no one had tried to break in or that any animals that scurried around the area hadn't tried to make a home here. The question was: How could she afford the repairs with no money? It was a lot of hope she was putting in the future, but it was the only thing she had left to go on. Bugs and vermin could be crawling all through the fabric. It was the sense of foreboding, of something wrong lurking in the air. It would be her luck to wake up in the middle of the night to a nasty surprise. At the top, there was only a little light filtering in through a cruddy, curtain-less window at the other end of the hall. When she finally got the thing opened, she let the door swing into the room, and gasped. Did she have to worry about them coming back and having another one of their little séances soon? Stumbling back, she was about to tear out of there like hell when strong arms wrapped around her, trapping her arms to her sides and pulling her against a solid chest. It wasn't enough to stop her from trying. Slowly, the hand slipped from her face, but the arms stayed firmly around her. Whoever this person was had broken into her house and was probably the one who had made the mess all over the room. Probably. Yeah, just keep repeating everything he says, she said sarcastically to herself. She felt a vibration through her back and realized that her attacker was chuckling. Or was he going to keep her in a bear hug and yammer her ears off with his insanity? She touched her mental fingers up against it and gave an experimental push. She could even feel the smile spread across his face, the delight he took in the feeling of her telepathic communication with him. she screeched, holding her hands up to shield away his state of undress from her eyes. What am I? His body stayed ready for action in case Tegan decided she was going to take off. Now she was beginning to believe she was the one who was nuttier than a fruitcake. Am I evil? He was, for lack of a better word, gorgeous. They were the color of storm clouds looming over the rough sea. I am yours to command. She finally felt…complete. He sighed and stood back up to his full height. Even if they could communicate telepathically, it didn't give him the right to barge into her brain anytime he wanted to get whatever information he so desired. Now she was finding out that her mother was a lying fraud. Now she knew the truth. Tegan just knew it. It felt like her life was being chiseled away into something unrecognizable. Storm opened his mouth to speak, but it wasn't his voice that she heard. Long story short about where it comes from: a man by the name of Aleister Crowley coined the term to separate an illusionist's form of magic from the ceremonial form of magic as the two are not the same. It just kinda sits there, on top of his head, sometimes hanging in front of his eyes. Not really a magnificent shade of green, actually it's kind of dull, from afar anyway. He has two perfect rows of perfect white teeth, not a single one crooked or out of place. I needn't have worried though, he was always to busy drawing to notice me. He'd pack up, get off the bus and leave me to wonder what it was that he'd drawn that day, until it was my turn to get off the bus, just one stop after him. Us girls just love the quiet, mysterious type, and he's the epitome of quiet and mysterious. I'm not sure I'm ready for my delusions to be shattered just yet. Now he'd caught me staring he probably thought I was a freak or a loser or something. He has to make me even more embarrassed. I was not gonna let him get to me. It didn't work. Not a smile, a grin, and an arrogant one at that. He hadn't even pressed the bell. And he certainly wasn't supposed to plop himself down right next to me, which is what he just did. This was not happening! He's supposed to be all quiet and reserved, not arrogant and confrontational! . he asked, gesturing to his sketch book with his hands. Maybe he's bipolar. It was amazing. I came across the last page, the unfinished drawing from today. My eyes. he likes me? Please let me know what you think, be brutally honest :P I'm not the best writer and the only way to improve is by receiving criticism. The rest of the cocky bastards were staring at my knees like they were a challenge and the winner was the first one to get me on them. It wasn't a pretty reputation, but it was mine and I'd earned it. If you can function well enough to conceive a baby, then you should have enough intelligence to recognize how it's bad idea to give your child a name that rhymes with itself. I don't really care; I wouldn't want to live with her if she were married to him or not. I'm not. Mainly me. And they'll be all shiny and pretty for you. I am by no means scared of critique and/or suggestions, so don't be afraid to be honest. Really, really sorry guys. Yeah, he was that hot. Even hotter than Taylor Lautner from that one dreadful vampire movie. Until a colorful nipple eclipsed my view of Zach. It was weird. Damn boy confuses the hair out of me. And Zach barely had hair. Running a hand through my hair, I noticed that Danny was staring at me with glazed eyes. Rudely, I might add. His expression read what the hell? Stupid dog. But after an hour or so, Danny grew tired of swimming with the little kids and demanded that I swim with him. In the shallow end of course. It all looked easy enough. He never did. Did he like me? Almost as hard at my baby brother's abnormal, giant head. Don't ditch pizza night! to Zach himself. Not that you do, of course. You suck pretty bad. But why wasn't I responding to him? Thus, please excuse the multitude of errors and please don't allow them to deter you from reading this story. A part of her wanted to go up on that stage and kiss all his pain away but the logical part told her this was insane. She heard applauses erupt from all over the bar as he finished singing. Camille pushed through all of them and as his eyes caught hers, he smiled. His scent however, was over-powering her thoughts as he continued to stare at her with an intense lustful gaze and Camille began biting her lips, her telltale nervous sign. All she had to do was get rid of that annoying nagging feeling in her gut that told her she was going to regret the whole thing. And she hoped that this was what had to be done in order to snap those bonds. She wanted this and for once she was going to get what she wanted. She couldn't take his intense gazing anymore without suddenly feeling insecure so she hurriedly pulled off his clothes and he did the same for her. Maybe she was too… traditional? Camille repeated the question again. No matter how great he was in bed. She could feel her face heating up and she realized that she had to banish those thoughts immediately or else Alice might suspect that she was having a mini-fantasy and that would be mortifying. But hey, puppy love was rampant in high school although hers ended badly. if she had met any new guys. Camille wasn't sure where he lived (since she hadn't actually paid attention to her surroundings that night), but wasn't it too much of a coincidence that he came here the same time she did? It was getting harder to breathe as he came closer because every step he took made a little image of that night appear. Relief immediately overcame her and another emotion she didn't want to identify, but it made her stomach clench in slight fury. God! . A heaping amount of guilt stabbed his gut with this thought as he sank on the sofa and accepted the beer his best friend, Jamie Wenslow handed him. The other woman nodded and smiled her thanks as Ally tossed one to her. He yanked his right hand from behind his head and punctuated each of his next words. She was talking animatedly to Sophie, gesturing wildly with her hands. he said as he tried to keep his mind off Kari. He leaned against the rail and focused his attention on Robby. What I need to talk to you about has to do with her but I promise I'm not looking for money or anything like that. He shrugged. I really hope you like it because it's all I've been obsessing over lately. The class had thought it was hysterical; they loved me for it but mostly because they missed half of the lesson. Ms Smith was quite intimidating, so we just nodded our heads like the perfect children we were and groaned about it only after she left. This however was one of the moments I wanted to slap him silly. I mean it's one thing to have a small crush on him, like I did, but it was another thing to go prancing around with low hanging tops and skirts that were a few inches above tarty. They were knee-length, but still, it was freezing! That look passed quickly. Yeah right. Well, I would've been as 'hot as anything' if it wasn't cold. I needn't bother with a straightner or anti-frizz products because my hair was dead straight without the use of those. I touched my hair and he broke out of his trance. I shrugged. Janie Hayes popped out of nowhere. It was just an ego boost, most definitely. This caused him to get a red eye, but me laughing so much my sides were aching. I bit back a retort and luckily Miss Florence spoke up. A couple noticed Fred on the floor. Apparently that fall didn't affect him too much. Fred was going to drop me! I crossed my arms and looked at him in disbelief. He looked a little flustered in the face. His eyes were clouded and I could tell mine were too. Or on my best friend's face but she was grinning madly afterwards. Well to me anyway. I walked to my locker and realised that it was the end of the day and it was possible that he might've gone home by then. I wanted to find Tessa and tell her what I was going to do before I did it, but she was nowhere in sight. I opened my eyes and found Fred starring down at me. His one hand found its way to my hair and he pulled the hair tie I still had on. ! I have become so greedy. Summary: When Marshall won on the amateurish contest in striptease, he hadn't expected to find himself on the stage wiggling his ass more than once or that the gorgeous stranger would mistake him for a prostitute. All the remaining mistakes are mine. But he could still see that it was the same crowd that you could find even in the most prestigious private club: old, wrinkled, bald and rich. Because here, the money wasn't tucked into your pants or your shirt; instead, after your show you were politely invited to perform a lap dance for a promised hundred pound tip -minimum. And it didn't matter if he still hadn't gotten the prize money he had won on amateur night - even if he didn't get the money for this last show, he would survive;, he had a steady income, it wasn't like he had to work for a living. There on right and left walls were old-fashioned sofas, identical to those that were in the main hall, but violet instead of red; between them sat a low iron table with a wooden top, with a bar-trolley beside the sofa on the right wall. And he was gorgeous-looking too, oval face, with narrow nose and a strong chin, framed with long, black hair. He touched himself, slid his fingers over his arm, shoulder, chest, rubbed his palm over his nipple, the nett fabric creating such a wonderful friction – he bit in his lip- and then slid his hand on the side, down over his hip. There were bound to be bruises there tomorrow. He also had a fuck-buddy/best friend for times between boyfriends, and since that fuck-buddy had fallen in love, he now had a two-for-one deal - but that still didn't make him a slut. This was really bad. He smiled and lay there for a few moments, all pliant, his lungs taking in big gulps of air, while the fingers that were fondling him slid lower; he could feel their touch at his entrance. But because Marshall also saw a businessman there, he still held out hope of getting out of this with his panties intact, so to speak. 4pt; mso-footer-margin:35. What is it? He rubbed the bridge of his nose. And he did, after a few minutes. He pushed them into Marshall's hand and let him go. He gave Simon a last appraisal before he went toward the door and through it. Of course Marshall ignored him and instead clung to Robin, who always gave him sympathy whenever Geb got on his case. I have one from Kait that says she'll be in the courtyard for this period, so I grab my books for the next few classes and head in that direction. Physics, nonetheless. She flops on her back next to me with a sigh, and I watch her glare up at the swaying leaves as she answers. The teacher's speech is met with worn, blank stares. I catch the tail-end of a summer project, and my stomach drops. Kait finds it first, and my stomach drops farther as she hisses a string of curses. She wrinkles her nose at me. My heart goes out to the hefty students. So maybe it'll make more sense to you now. Tormented by Cristiano, she grows up to hate him. He is his daughters hero and best friend. This will initially have a very Harry Potter ring to it, but trust me, it's nothing like it! That aside though, if anyone does read this, I hope you can get past all the terrible things that happen to Salem and enjoy it anyway. If you read this and are offended remember, I did warn you. It always caused more pain and carried the risk of broken bones. Even when it wasn't me who had pissed him off, he would still take his anger out on me, either through violence or through other means. The sound of shuffling could be heard as an old woman of about 76 turned to me, baby in her arms. He made up for any amount of pain I might endure. His small size could probably also be attributed to the fact his  was a 16 year old boy weighing under 90 lbs at a height of 5' 5''. She probably would have loved to nurture grandchildren, but since she and Mr. Ashton had never had children together, she nurtured Eben as if he were her own. The door softly thudded against the wall, revealing a smirking Mr. Ashton. I wasn't entirely sure about all the details, but I knew that they sold people as slaves, both sex and otherwise, and it was because of this organization that I was stuck with Mr. Ashton in the first place. She briefly glanced at me, trying to give me a reassuring look, before closing the door behind her. I probably deserved whatever punishment he had prepared for me. The only good thing he had done for me was giving me Eben, although the means that brought around my son were far from pleasant. I didn't want to believe that I actually enjoyed sex with him. I continued to try to pull away from him, whining in protest until he eventually grabbed my chin and angrily turned me towards him. He obviously wasn't very happy about having his fun ruined in the nursery. I was his bitch and my body had long ago become his to do with as he pleased. The last thing I was aware of before falling into oblivion was being picked up and placed under the sheets, followed by a warm body lying down next to mine. Blah blah blah blah blah. It seems like I'm paying attention, right? I watch, mesmerized, as the drops race each other down the pane of glass. I really was. I flounder, opening and closing my mouth in surprise. He has no reason to lie, and his source is certainly believable. The gesture should be comforting, but it just feels foreign. The thought is more than slightly terrifying. Although Charlie is technically my boyfriend, our relationship is still in the very early, beginning stages—far too soon to depend on each other or develop feelings that extend beyond amiable friendship. By the time we pull up in front of my apartment building, my mood is just as icy as the weather. But there's something undeniably lacking between us. I know, eventually, I am either going to have to break things off or just take the plunge. I flip over the card as I enter the elevator, and begin to read. I am counting down the days, however, until I can see your beautiful face again. After repeated promises that I would be fine, Cora had finally gotten on the plane to Europe. I sense the onset of loneliness. The TV is set to the evening news, which I don't much care for, but I leave it playing since I have nothing better to watch. It is the polar vortex after all. Another added benefit of the classes, however, which I can visibly see in the mirror right now, is the fact that I have slimmed down too. I take a brief moment to admire the effects of Krav Maga in the mirror, before scrubbing off my  makeup. I would probably look a bit ridiculous to an outsider, but there's no one around to see me, so who really cares. I pause, when a strangely familiar yet unrecognizable voice fills my apartment. So long, that I don't even think about it much, besides an occasional passing thought. It's supposed to be unlisted. A dead end. I know I should turn the TV off, but my masochistic side has frozen my muscles and won't allow me to move. Breathing helps, but the emptiness in my chest lingers on. The love remains, despite knowing that loving a certain person is bad for you. I try not to think about anything at all, instead, operating on autopilot. The fire flickers in the dim lighting of my apartment, casting shadows on the kitchen wall. I have some great ideas for where I want to take this, however, so I hope you'll stick with me! I loved him with every fiber of my being. Then the case came, a missing persons case that we had been tracking for a long time. It was nothing like missing persons, I couldn't even handle working on missing person cases anymore. Of course it looked really juvenile to carry a bag around instead of a purse, especially since I had just turned thirty-two, but I don't give a rip. Unfortunately, his desk was right across from mine because Lieutenant Summers had found it amusing to partner Hugh and I together. Just to be vindictive, I held onto the bridge of my nose and pinched my nostrils to muffle my speech. I just had something against him. Besides, what the hell kind of a name was Broderick? No one else asked questions, and I was generally able to make friends in the unit. Hugh must have seen the look on my face after he read the file and didn't tease me about anything else. I didn't want to risk adding more to the crime scene than what was already there, and the cool breeze on my neck helped me cool down a bit. I had to admit that he wasn't unfortunate looking, which was probably why half the women in New York fell at his feet. No matter how much I hated Broderick Hugh, I wasn't going to go through that experience again. When I opened my eyes they hurt, like I had been staring at a computer screen for too long. I tried to smile, but the healing cut on my lip was a little too painful for that. He was so pale that it didn't surprise me he was sleeping like the dead. Even though he knew everything about me, he still respected me and gave me free reign in my job. When Hugh had heard that I needed blood, he had told them he had the same blood type as me and donated as much as they could take. There was a cup of tea on the coffee table that I had yet to drink, and I couldn't quite remember if I had bothered to change out of my pajamas in the last two days. Looking through the peep-hole, my mouth fell open when I spotted Hugh on my doorstep. With a sigh, I unlocked the door and opened it. sheepish. My back shivered every time he spoke. Taking the flowers from him, I smelled the blossoms. He shoved me backwards in the wall in the kitchen, and I felt a slight spark of panic in the look in his eyes. Lips were inches from my own, and to my own horror, the pull to kiss him was too great. Letting one of my wrists free, his hands clamped down on my waist, shoving one of his knees between my legs, and my free hand dove into his hair. My hands slipped over his shirt and too his pants, unbuckling he belt and tossing it aside. I was still reeling and confused from how I switched from rage to a lust to powerful it was perplexing. nothing except for him. Looking down, I couldn't stop the groan from my lips. Afraid of the fact that I was so goddamn attracted to him and I didn't want to be because I didn't want to be in the same position I had been in with Henry. I wrapped my arms around him, knowing well that I was the one that started the whole thing, and rest my cheek on his head. It was probably why I had clashed with him so often. It won't be very long but I hope you enjoy it! Suzie had found the courage to attend, but had been hurt when Bobby made out with not one, but three different women, eventually taking one of them back to his room. He wanted out of this place as soon as possible. He smiled, she would be a challenge. She didn't appear to be wearing a ton of makeup either. Maybe it was worth a return visit…the book had to come back after all. Or, sort of drama. The trunk popped open before a short, stocky middle aged man climbed out of the driver seat. The taxi driver rubbed the back of his neck. She looked so peaceful. He pulled out into the busy street. Why was he telling me this? Finally, he took me to the hotel. She smiled again. She was waking up. I had just begun tapping my foot when she bustled back into the lobby with that same blinding smile on her face. Teagan, in her sleep, wrapped her small arms around my neck. As she said that a young man walked in. I felt him watching me. I dragged the crib off to the side to where I wouldn't trip over it. Teagan giggled. I kissed her forehead again. I sighed deciding to worry about that in the morning. It was a sunny day so I figured it would be best if we walked around the city for a little while, to try and get to know the place. I smiled fondly. I was more concerned about finding an apartment, getting a new job and finding a good daycare for Teagan. He had light brown eyes and light brown hair and he was still holding the coffee out to me. I took another sip. He asked. He definitely wasn't creepy like Grant except his smile unnerved me a little. He sounded amused. After I said that I saw that Quinn's whole demeanour changed. She crawled up on the bench and into my lap. He shrugged it off. I cuddled Teagan closer to my chest. I arched an eyebrow. When I shook my head I heard him chuckle. So on my first real day in the new city I went to dinner with another man. Just take it while cause it's free! Anyway, I hope you enjoy this one-shot! Whichever team finishes first, wins. Whore. The rest of the crowd had dispersed and gone back inside the house for some blessed AC after the first three games. Or were her eyes crossing on their own? If this kept up, she'd be too drunk to remember anything tomorrow morning. Tart. Faulty landing, toss the contents of the cup into her mouth, turn to her right, and pass the beer off through a kiss. Meaning, she didn't get to exchange spit with him. He failed at Flip Cup, and she was bearing the consequences. Whatever. Or maybe that was her lapse in judgment of time? Right into the deep end of Patty Hughes' Olympic-sized swimming pool. At least the shock left her quite sober. At a second-rate booze party? Wheezing for oxygen, she hoped the sound covered up the squeeze she gave his arms. Or maybe now she couldn't hear correctly either? It seemed much too nice to assume the former was true. Their opponents were nowhere to be found – probably gone inside so that she and the other two boys would have to clear away the mess. She refused to acknowledge them! Maybe it was still slurry around the edges, but it made sense. Aside from in his pants and currently dancing around in her head? Could she even blame all this on tipsiness anymore? This was Logan. Th-thump. ! Well, the full bottom one. Who knows where those two are going to end up tonight? If you are new to this story, please enjoy, and know that a lot of the smaller continuity errors are going to be fixed soon. They had gotten together the previous weekend instead, and it had been fun, but his coworkers decided that he needed to get out and have some fun on the actual day. They started 'shopping' for him and parading every unattached girl they could find in front of him. He was pretty sure a few hasty make-out sessions didn't count against virginity at all, and that was as far as he had gotten in his quarter century. That simple. Still filled with the golden, flexible courage that he was well aware was only there because of the booze, he had dialed before he had a chance to sober up and chicken out. He was, after all, there to make all of Fin's fantasies a reality. He supposed that made sense, but understanding his reasoning didn't seem to help him not do it. It had, after all, worked well for him the previous night. Though, truth be told, a lot of it was pretty hazy. His ass was an inviting shape beneath his fitted trousers, and his motions were all about understated grace and power. He needed just one more moment, one more drink, one more breath, before he closed on this deal. It was just so much easier to do what they told him to. He was kind of regretting leaving his car at home, because he might just have left now and stopped at a liquor store on the way home, instead. Drinking alone at a bar was at least one half step less desperate and pathetic than drinking alone at home. Chance was immediately captivated. He questioned. He came to a stumbling halt, seemly lost in the heated look that passed between them. And holy fuck did his dick ever take note. He was not a happy camper tonight, and he was struggling to figure out how to deal with all the pain. He purred, as he started moving them toward the lobby. He finally managed to finish. He felt some kind of twisted pride as he considered the reaction either of them would have, finding him with the beautiful arm candy he had possession of. Ah, this feels SO good. Seriously. Also, should I have more public discussions about the thieves? ! Hannah and Alexis- those two girls talking shit about Juliet. Or have we had enough of him? The Parents- Leo's mother and Austin's father don't last long in the story. Oh, my sweet imaginary kitties! The sex was random. we can't have that. All-knowing. Woo! My torture of writing it is definitely over. I had the intense satisfaction of actually finishing an idea for once. Guys wear garters on their arms, and garters are obviously shorter. . I was speechless with rage. And he'd used the text to tell me he'd found a new date and dumped me the morning of homecoming. But it didn't break, and some part of me was relieved for that. We were supposed to be an item for homecoming—we'd talked about it so many times. I'd go to school as if I'd dumped him, hold my head high, and, if possible, make his life an unparalleled misery. It made me sick to the stomach and doubled my fury—if not for that stupid text, that could have been me. a my new worst enemy behind the freaking ex himself. My ex certainly aimed high. And I couldn't imagine that Oliver was too happy about that—it had been rumored that they were planning a whole elaborate thing for homecoming, including a fancy dinner after the game. Oh, I was so stupid. Clang-a-lang. It sounded like an army. He looked like a veritable soldier marching into battle. And Gabrielle and Clarisse were two different things, unable to misspell. ! This dress…it was for Oliver. I sucked in a breath in admiration. He checked his watch and groaned. He glanced at his watch again, and the crease between his eyes returned. And then we waited for the players. They all looked buff enough to take on a buffalo and win, and I had to wonder if our team could match; I hadn't really noticed much of our football team lately except for Oliver himself, and that was only because his girlfriend had snatched my boyfriend. I'd never actually had the patience to sit through a whole football game before, and I was somewhat excited. Half-rising in my seat, I waited for him to reemerge. There weren't even that many players on the field. I rose to my feet and glanced out onto the field. I settled back to watch the game, my attention focused mostly on the Hellion quarterback, now that I'd finally figured out who he was. I was content to remain at the back of the crowd that surged onto the field—until I spotted Gary near the front, patting Oliver on the back, his face striped blue and black like some sort of ghoul. With a nod of understanding, Oliver abandoned his teammates and crossed over to me, his face splitting into a wide smile. And because we were supposed to be putting on a show, I deepened the kiss and reached my arms around his neck, closing my eyes. The moment passed. He mussed his hair with his hand, like he did when he was angry. His face was inches from mine, his burning eyes larger than life. At my protest, he only chuckled darkly and leaned in closer. And the expression on his face—murderous. Instead, Gary sent me a glance. For a moment, I couldn't breathe. I said shakily. Didn't I owe him? I sat uncomfortably, glancing out the window to avoid meeting his eyes. He winced. Hauling it up, I reseated myself, hoping I wasn't blushing so badly that he could make it out in the dark. I shivered and swung the door open. Uneasily, I seated myself on one of the stools in the kitchen, glancing around. Her hair was fashioned in odd pigtails and she was sticking her tongue out at him. And she was at least a head shorter than me. I shook my head in disbelief, and he caught my expression. Thinking back, it seemed like I was having a better time with Oliver than I would have had with Gary. Of course, it was probably apple juice—hopefully—but it gave a nice, sophisticated air to the place. All the while, my eyes searched the crowd for any sign of my despicable ex-boyfriend and his traitorous date. By the time the fourth song rolled around, Oliver's toes were relatively safe. Why hadn't I noticed before? They were really wide, honed with years of football. And again. And the look on her face implied that she was ready to do just that. As I struggled, Oliver and Danny faced off. And her face was swimming in front of my eyes. They both glanced over at me, then away, forgetting about me almost as quickly as they had remembered. I was starting to hear a strange ringing in my ears. If I heard the regret in her voice, Oliver definitely heard. But it all seemed so far away right now, as if it had happened in another life. I couldn't finish my sentence on account of doubling over with laughter. It couldn't be too terribly important if I couldn't remember. It had all been fake—the kindness, defending me against Gary's advances, playing games with me in the car, being concerned with my drunkenness…it had been an act. I leaned on Gary's arm and staggered out the hotel doors to the cold air outside. Oh, right. In an instant he was inside, his breath hot in my mouth. Effortlessly, he hoisted me up against the wall, and his hand wandered down past my neck and to the neckline of my dress. His hands tightened around me as I struggled wildly. I was not going to let him do this to me. I couldn't breathe. I saw stars. There was a huge gash across his forehead just above his left eye. When he collapsed on the ground this time, he was unconscious. My hands clenched at my throat. But I could only try to take shallow breaths, tiny breathless gasps that would keep me alive only for so long. How long, how long…? Suddenly there were students surrounding me, and there was Danny with her face a mask of shock, and a couple of burly guys from the football team were hauling Gary to his feet. He mussed his hair and let out a deep sigh. By the time my gut was empty, my mind was full—full of all kinds of thoughts. But then he pulled back, his eyes uncertain. 6'1". They were annoying her, and aside from that, he was there. One boy however, her boy, looked at her with love, and she, Cassie, looked everywhere but at him. He was her boy. Well, to clear things up, no one else but Cassie and Connor knew about their relationship, and to the awareness of everyone, the two most popular kids at their High School were single, available and hotter than ever. Before she could ask him though why she was here – in a broom closet – and why he pulled her inside in the first place, he opened his mouth and started questioning her. Enrage was such an understatement. She stiffened at the touch of his warm but angry breath and voice against her neck. He wanted everyone to know that he loved her, that she was the best thing that ever happened to him. It made him sound that he had never listened to any one of her rants she directed to him because in every one of her rants, she explained why she didn't want to go out with him, or in this case, why she didn't want anybody to know that they were a couple. His eyes asked her. He never visited her that day, nor did he approach her the next day to force her to go to an empty classroom for a few morning 'exercises' that would wake up the two of them. But she never got the chance since her morning went by Connor-less, and she came to a conclusion that he was purposely avoiding her. She couldn't help but smirk. She knew he still liked her, maybe even loved her still. She was supposed to be the one sitting on his lap. That was what he wanted and wished to happen, but he didn't smile. She was going to take her chance. All she wanted was for him to take her back. Holding hands and attached on the hips, the two of them left the cafeteria with Cassie looking helplessly in the background. Now or never. Cassie said to herself, heading to the cafeteria. The guy could only look at her with wide eyes and a questioning glance. They weren't just going to let the two slide. so I was at the airport, and while I was waiting to board the plane, I decided to write a one-shot, and this is the product. I hope you guys like it and please do read and leave a review, telling me what you guys think! He has to work with his ex-fiancé, Kale Karlton – whom he left at the altar six years ago! Either way, I hope you'll enjoy reading. It was a hard slog, those five years, but it was proving to be worth it. A hotel famous for its serenity and scenery. He was excited about the job, but he also held a sense of nervousness about returning to Maui. Everything was perfect. Of course, he had no problem". It should be fun, actually. He knew this man when he lived here six years ago and he was as gorgeous as ever. And loved. And it made Kolya wince visibly as a lump of emotion appeared in his throat. Mick stood by Kale, waiting for him to make his decision as he meticulously looked through each draft. Would he like any of his designs? But he held his tongue and let Malcon and Mick do the rest of the negotiating and finalising. They both were. Will those golden rays still warm my bare feet and that part of my heart? I can never remember this friend's name because, frankly, I don't care. I could cut my hair for the three of us. I try to exit the coffee shop before he sees me, but his words are quicker than my tired feet. It was none of his business, after all. I like him. Maybe that is what he'd been doing all along. So I breathe deeply and close my eyes as the familiarity of ketchup and sunscreen and blue skies and grease brings me back to those days. I respond flatly. He keeps looking at me. So I stuff my mouth with fries to muffle the laughter, and a breeze ruffles the green leaves and my sweaty hair with a summery tenderness. But I'm still looking for a dollar or five to hand to him before the light turns green and I leave him penniless again. He understands. I am tired and frustrated and where are all the answers? We sit together in heavy silence and think. I swallow and Jacob swallows and oh, I want to kiss him! He loves me and I just hung up on him! he says carefully. I gush as I open the door to our apartment, grinning from ear to ear. I giggle. AHH! i know they're out there dang it! ) But as it is, he walks straight, burying himself in the cheery sounds of Tokyo Police Club, his brown eyes trained firmly on his well-worn orange Converse sneakers. It's better this way. The formerly moving object is a boy who would be a few inches taller than Travis if he wasn't currently crouching down to retrieve the scattered papers on the ground. ) He coughs because his vocal cords are rusty from disuse. He almost wants to smile. he stutters. ) He knows he should make some acknowledgement, look over his shoulder or something, but he can't. Strangers don't confuse him, don't rattle him, don't touch him. He's oblivious to the honking cars as he hurries across 33rd Street. (Maybe he's less anonymous than he would like. He drops his pencil, yanks out his earbuds, and looks up. Libby was the TA for his physics class last spring, and although they had a few extracurricular conversations about supernovae (the subject of Libby's research), they weren't friends by any stretch of the imagination. ) But knowing that this is academic doesn't translate to knowing if it's good or bad. ) It only takes a moment to locate the central staircase, and then he's on the top floor, right around the corner to Rachel Field's office. He's trying not to think, but it isn't working. Sometimes, he feels like he can predict the future because the patterns are all there, all the time, as long as you're not blind. The eyes behind her tortoise shell glasses are dark, fierce, demanding. (But he isn't about to admit that he wasted four months in a lazy summer stupor. He's just too nervous to start with the real reason for his visit. Rachel is intimidating. To say he's a hermit is an understatement. And he sighs. Sooner or later, these conversations with his mother are going to give him a stress ulcer. He feels himself cracking (up). But Alexis is blind to patterns; she sees only what she wants to see (and she certainly does not want to see that her son is gay). Until, that is, his phone vibrates on his desk and he reads the text from Hero. So he sighs, closes his textbook, turns off the music, and texts back, Have time to Skype? Now. he states in that knowing tone of his. He never approved. He breaks off, looks away, tries to forget. (Which may happen, so maybe I should just stop speculating. ) If you don't know the word, to  is to cover with a geometric pattern, usually a single shape. Cookies to anyone who can guess which college. Maybe there are such things as happy endings in real life too…Welcome to RealityA Novelladrawn toward. In my life, everyone was already always against me, but I had never expected God to join in as well. Because love is active, he said. ! Feeling, not for the first time, that life itself was against me. Me. Every single time. But still, most saw it as a duty to make my life a complete and utter misery. I, of course, not noticing anything but my escape door tripped over this conveniently placed leg and started falling…really fast. Because when I asked her, I knew what she would say. By that time, I usually make something up to be what I was about to say. Never. I really couldn't understand. It wasn't too long ago that I had come to Huntsmen's High, which was the reason why I got the terribly detested 'front seat' in class. Poor lady. Then I looked into his eyes…an odd mixture between blue and grey which I could conveniently see due to my closeness to the front of the room – 'front desk' and all. Because only newcomers are rejected to sitting at the front. I think not. The only guy in school who did not know my last name or my supposed abnormal niceness. Like…royalty King. . I hurried out of class when the bell rang as usual, trying my best not to catch the attention of anyone, and, this time, watching the floor so that any conveniently-placed feet would not hinder my escape. What made me stop and look around was that my name was mentioned in full – and it was hardly ever done so except when with new teachers or doctors. I mean…duh…weird looks Sarahjeanne Cockad. I hope this version will be even better than the first as i have had the time to ponder how to make it better, as well as the help of my wonderful beta, Stylo. And for all my loyal readers, thank you SO much for your support! You're going to Kansas? He finally made it. I'll see ya". That would teach him. Willpower, similarly, had never been her strong suit. It was probably a faulty pair anyway, either that, or they just weren't making them the right size. For all the notice that people took of her she might as well not have. The team hadn't lost championship title in sixteen years and he was damned if he was going to be responsible for a defeat. Namely, she couldn't take a hint if it fell on her perfectly bleached head. Dominic extricated himself, and kept walking, ignoring the pout Kym gave him. Richards could take care of himself, so he wasn't worried, but Coach would get on his ass about this for sure. He growled softly under his breath and pulled up alongside her. He'd have to talk to Dom about it later, she was a nice kid, she didn't deserve it. Coach was going to eat him alive. Sadly, Saph was one of them. She'd felt honoured, and then gone home and written it down in her diary, planning how the next day he might ask her for something bigger, like a sandwich, and then a date. A movement in the bleachers caught his attention and he snickered, it was only his whale of a sister. She ran to catch up with Cody, and slung a hand around her shoulders. And he's nice to me, that's all! be honest, I'll take it like a man. I have no idea if any of it even makes sense. She tried to steer her daughter toward  boys at the young age of eight years of age. He tried to talk to her during lunch, but she took no notice to him. Lyla, on the other hand started listening to her mother. Lyla and Robbie (the son's name) didn't know what else to but watch The Fairy Odd Parents and Spongebob Squarepants. His hand would sometimes brush against hers by mistake, but she took this as him trying to tell her of his feelings. Robbie's brown hair also looked better on the beach than Draco's bleach blonde hair. She argued that he watched cartoons at home all the time, and he whined and groaned until she stopped dragging him to Lyla's house. She hadn't thought twice of Robbie a few weeks after he stopped coming over to her house. He, of course, was oblivious to the entire situation, and seemed to ignore her flirtatious eyes directed at him. He kissed her one day after school on the way to the bus, but that was just about the only momentous event in their relationship–if one could even call it that. Instead, she took joy in knowing that Sharron was one of her friend's friend's friend's, and that Sharron was in no way interested in Bobbie. The worst feeling is going into a new school without knowing anyone else. A few boys would spark her interest, but it always ended up that they were either complete assholes, or they were just gay, which immediately made them unavailable to her. At the same time, she wasn't planning on going to the magical land of math anytime soon, but she still put her time into studying it. This caused him to look at Lyla as a person instead of a classmate for the first time. At first he convinced himself that she wasn't in the class before; that he had seemingly ignored her for so long, but he knew there was no truth in this. Connor thought she would blush and look down at her desk, but she just tilted her head and looked right back at him before another sneeze took over, and she sat back down. Normally Connor wouldn't have cared less about the whole matter, but he found himself missing the girl who sat eight seats away from him. Despite his attention toward Lyla in math just a few days before, he didn't think of Lyla once during the weekend. Connor hadn't even seen her walk by. She let out a content sigh as she continued copying down the notes. The bell would ring every day and the two wouldn't so much as look at one another. At five o'clock, the two got ready to meet their friends at the closest movie theater. A few girls were among them, and Connor didn't hesitate to envelop them in full hugs. Lyla's thoughts strayed to Connor once during the film, but she didn't think much of it. Once she was done, she handed it in, and sat down next to a group of sort-of friends who were talking after finishing their own work. Rick let out an annoyed sigh. The bell rang a few seconds later and everyone picked up their belongings before heading off to their next classes. The bell rang, and Connor immediately stopped playing with his pencil and instead opened his notebook, ready to pay attention to what the teacher had to say. She was so busy in her mini tutoring session that she had not even noticed Connor's gaze on her. She frowned upon seeing the half-empty board. She almost tripped over the teacher's desk on the way to the board, but she managed to catch herself before anything embarrassing happened. Lyla wiggled her nose as she started putting up the solution next to Connor. She looked back down at her own notebook. The dust fell into her hair, but there wasn't enough of it to really see it on her. He was brought out of this sudden picture when Lyla sneezed from the chalk. He was only talking to her out of friendliness, not because he actually thought of her. He had to try extra hard that day to keep his eyes open during his classes. He knew she was a good student, and probably had a lot of work to get done. She snuck up on Chad and put her hands over his eyes. They smiled at one another before she started munching on her salad. Maybe he was thinking about her way too much. They were getting close to the end of the game when Tammie nudged Lyla. Lyla's eye's lingered on Connor for a moment more than necessary, but then shrugged and turned back to Tammie. Rebecca was getting ready to take her last turn, signifying the last round. she asked. Ray complained that the grease was what he loved, but Lyla just ignored that statement. He pecked her on the cheek before jogging over to Tom. Brenda made some sort of hand gesture, which reminded him of the task at hand. Nobody jumped up at the idea, but in the end everyone decided that it would be fun, so they finished their game with Ray winning and headed over to Chad's group. Brenda looked at the list of names on the board and back at the people who were waiting for her to speak. Still, he didn't complain. Lyla had even taken the initiative to friend Connor on facebook. Connor was the only one who picked up that the conversation was turning to Lyla. His eyes met Lyla's curious gaze for no more than five seconds before walking out of the cafeteria. Because of their closeness, Susie was eager to join Brenda on her mission of getting Connor and Lyla together. Tammie accepted as had Tom, leaving the three driving to the party in Tom's car. She shook her head and handed it to someone else who took it eagerly. For some reason, the picture of Lyla putting up problems on the chalkboard with chalk dust falling around her popped into Connor's head. Connor would spot one of his friends and leave her alone to face the wall, something that she wasn't exactly fond of doing. But at the same time, he didn't really want to stop talking, and neither did Lyla at that point. Some stayed later and talked just as Lyla and Connor, while some left earlier. He could feel Lyla's breath on his nose whenever she would laugh or say something with great amusement. She felt as if she talked about it more, it would seem too unreal, but too cliche at the same time. And she didn't like it one bit. And Lyla, unable to control it herself, smiled right back at him. Either way it would have been easier for Connor to have got the nerve and sense to ask her when the time was right, not awkwardly a week later. While Connor kept all of these ideas in mind, he knew that none of that was him, and for some reason he figured that none it would be her either. He wasn't going to lie about being at least a little bit on-edge about the entire situation. Connor knew that if he didn't just do it that she would think the other night was just a mistake and he viewed her as nothing more than the girl in math class who sometimes got chalk in her hair- in the most graceful way, of course. Connor saw the unanswered problem beside her and jumped up without second thought. He asked her as if it were the most simple thing in the world, and in some cases, it could be considered so. Connor, on the other hand, looked down at his notebook and realized that he had no idea how to solve the problem on the board. Lyla had explained to her parents that it might only be a one night kind of thing, and she didn't want to waste anyone's time. She was tempted to rest her head on his shoulder, but she didn't want to come off as too needy, so she settled with their linked arms. And since there's never really any good desert at Chinese restaurants, Connor took Lyla for ice cream as they walked along the street together, just barely holding hands. Connor didn't really care who saw anything and who didn't see anything, but Lyla wasn't comfortable with everyone looking at her as she kissed her boyfriend. Connor continued cautiously. He hugged her in victory as he held his diploma in the air. They still had two months left with one another before college would hit them at full force. Connor and his family went away on vacation for a week, leaving Lyla alone, but they still talked every night. It was just that he knew she would do it eventually, and he wanted to be able to hold her for one more time until they were separated for months upon months. She sniffed and willed the unshed tears away as they kissed one more time and turned away from one another. Connor was Connor, as usual. So she settled with surprising him during that evening. It had been about four months away from Connor after all. Her face was close enough to his where she could just barely feel his breath. Lyla's eyes were wide open as she looked up at him. She sighed into the kiss thinking that it had been too long and wrapped her arms around his neck. He even started pacing around the room, looking down at the floor. Before he had a chance to walk back to the other side of the room, she placed a hand on his shoulder. she whispered. She wanted to go about things logically like she had been living her entire life. Your first credit card. Five years from now will I still be living in the same house? She remembered the first time she got her heart broken by a boy. She didn't want her fiance to see her crying over lost memories and lost chances. She made it up to her husband to be after her father gave her away. Okay, wow. If you're new to this story, I hope you enjoy it. The servants and I sat and stood there awkwardly whilst they called each other disgusting pet names. It's what princesses live for. Hopefully he's the only Prince that doesn't enjoy my company. The butterflies in my stomach must be on steroids. a royal wedding is all that we need to cement the relationship. Some things never change. But then again I don't know many men. He had me on a bit of a lower allowance recently due to my shopping addiction. As if it somehow pleases me if she's happy. Plus, it really does nothing to downplay her large figure. It's the only explanation. Of course, dear acne-ridden Alastair wouldn't have me thrown out the castle, but I'd sooner throw myself out than live with him and Rosamunde and their aesthetically challenged children. Works every time. I ignored their dead stares and concentrated on the task at hand. I stormed out of his chambers and felt Fenella's smug grin as I left. I don't know how long we've been travelling but it seems like days, on these bumpy roads. now I feel rather nervous, even if most of them will be no match for me. If she had come she'd have been complaining the entire way about the bumpy roads. Also, I managed to point out that the invitation had specified that only my presence was requested at the ball. . Not. ? ". . She nodded and put her make up away. . . . . . . for you". . I stopped talking, because now I was crying. Her hand coordination was pathetic. She croaked. The fingertips were barely skimming along her skin. Josephine looked away from them, gazing at the white, compact room she was in. He then turned to Josephine with his brown eyes. Isn't that common sense? Her voice trailed off when she felt pain strike at her temple. It was the only thing on him that was sane. He had on a Guns and Roses t-shirt, also snug, displaying his muscles that left the nurse inside her hospital room practically drooling, and of course his sleeves were ripped off. She had all her money that that tattoo was as fake as her best friend's fingernails. The rest of his tattoo disappeared under his shirt. Josephine pointed at his face, anger flowing through her veins like blood. Ross stood next to the bed and Josephine scrambled to get to the other side. It was a rainy day, and Josephine and her friend decided to walk instead of driving; simply because they love the rain and they had their umbrellas. Though it was raining, Josephine got a good look at the motorcycle. She glared at the culprit while her friend stood there staring at the two with wide eyes. She accusingly pointed at him and started screaming profanities and obscenities, how he ruined her designer shoes and how rude he was for not even apologizing. Therefore, she earned the name: hellcat. Suddenly, Ross stopped laughing and smirked at her. He gave a small peek inside and laughed. She snarled and glared at him. Hellcat practically hissed out venom from her mouth. A sound of splattering stomach fluid finished his sentence. Why the hell was she feeling so goddamn weak? She stood still at the entrance, desperately trying to find her small flip phone. What was she going to do now? Josephine could already see that the slut was about to faint. He did a small salute and started to run after the hellcat. She absolutely felt no sympathy. I want my characters to have wild, uncommon names x) But there goes for an exception with Molly because I've always liked that name(: It's cute and short, haha. Josephine has Sectoral Heterochromia, just like Kate Bosworth. . But no, mine was crippling shyness—but only when it came to guys. The first party I went to, I was come on to and dumped within the space of ten seconds, primarily because it had taken me eight full seconds just to stutter out my name. Do you know how sad it is to never get a first kiss because you rambled something about having to vacuum the refrigerator and then disappeared? Seth  McFarls is someone I still consider a best friend, and Phil  Baytor was a great study buddy, as was Roger Cains, also known affectionately as  who asked me out on a date once. I guess I would just have to deal with the fact that my future significant other would doubtlessly be kind and sweet, but probably not the handsomest person you'd ever meet. It's just that every girl would like to able to string three conherent, intelligent words out in front an attractive male, right? Kids were quite mean, saying he just wanted to be closer to the potato fields so he could make himself some chips. I still considered him a best friend, regardless of the length of time since we'd seen each other. He leaned forward confidently, and I waited for some alcohol-induced confessional where he admitted to having a lisp when he was a wee boy. Good, dependable Seth didn't deserve to be used and abused by a maneater like Clarice. Smiling, strode over and wrapped my arms as far I could around his sizeable middle. I didn't feel his pillow-like stomach cushioning my landing. The one time I snuck a glance into his side of the car just to make sure I hadn't imagined his amazing transformation, I nearly drove off the road. I blinked. Wasn't I part of this awkward tableau, too? He used to have three of them. No fat rolls there. Well it definitely wasn't my fault he went off to Potato Country and decided to morph himself into a sex monster. The question was, did he still feel the way I had—have-all these years? It was actually a blessing in disguise that I never knew he was hot, or I would have never known how amazing he really was. I should have planned this late-night confessional better. They moved up and found my lips, and then nothing else seemed to matter. I just knew I wanted him. It's really that simple. ! The cab driver handed him his bags and took the money offered before he ran back round to the driver's side, starting the engine and tearing down the street. The rain continued to fall steadily while he waited for the door to be opened. Gabriel's eyes stayed locked on the floor as he dried his hands. Stepping back, she let Gabriel go in first. There was a black office chair next to a plain white desk and a light blue comfy chair in the corner, lit by a table light balanced on a small stool. Holly put his other bag on the floor next to him and smiled again. He put away the few other belongings he had brought with him, scattering them about the room. He rested his head on the back of the chair and closed his eyes, wanting to remember the moment forever and forget the sadness that was seeping into his bones. Holly turned back to him and smiled reassuringly, obviously picking up on his trepidation. That one had brown hair cut shoulder length and rectangular glasses perching on her small nose. The last teenager Gabriel looked at had short blue hair and dark eyes that were filled with something he'd seen many times before: lust. Pointing, first to the girl with glasses and then to the dark girl,  the blonde boy,  The blue haired guy, Gabriel nodded to them and leaned back against the door. He pushed his thoughts aside though, not wishing to dwell on the man. These normal people. . Trust Dave to fucking ruin everything. As for Jenny, he had no idea about her, except that she seemed shy; she had kept her eyes glued to the carpet the whole time he had been there. He had that beaten out of him. It took a few minutes for him to get his breathing back to normal and to register that it had been another dream. Her blue eyes were wide but still looked tired, she had small bunny slippers wedged on her feet and was clutching a brown bear under one arm with her other thumb in her mouth looking at Gabe warily. So that night Gabriel fell asleep next to a small girl and her teddy bear, and the only dreams he had were of teddy bears. Go check her out, her story 'Falter' is ace! I hope you all enjoy reading it! My heart was pounding as fear surged through my body. I didn't need to go to public school, I was fine with being educated in my own home. My alarming, white knee-high socks stood out and attracted a lot of negative attention from pupils that were passing by, receiving sniggers and crude remarks. These lessons were extremely tedious at times but I must admit, they helped me a lot. As we sat down in her office she gave us another one of her welcoming smiles. She was pretty and had an apparent unique style. When the door was shut, the girl inspected me. She had raised her perfectly arched left eyebrow at me when I pulled out my exercise book and started working out the sums that Miss Dean had put on the board for us to work through. I was beginning to really hate school. He gave me a quick glance and then carried on walking to the back to meet the rest of his companions. Please review! Katherine breathed I the fresh air and let out a long frustrated sigh, which did not go unnoticed by her father. The first boy froze and the second slammed into him. she trailed off unable to continue. The warriors had found the white five days ago and had been following them since. For most of the raiding party, this was the first time they had ever set eyes on a white man, and their coloring amazed them. While all Cheyenne had dark hair and brown skin, with deep brown eyes, some whites had golden hair, some had brown; others had a mixture, and even hair of fire! Even their brown eyes were lighter than theirs… it truly was a shame it had to come to this. John tightened his grip on his gun and nodded looking out into the woods. The younger children, most under sixteen, went off to bed, complaining along the way. Fetch that water bucket and put out this fire". Katherine, slowly started to roll up the blankets they had slept with, while Nathan, as usually skimped on his chores, and Jacob was pestering Mr. Cambell about his past battles with savages. Walking past Katherine, Sara smiled at her, and went on with her chores. She spun around to find her father, his face covered with sweat and dirt. He said slowly, and with that he turned around, grabbed his rifle and went of toward the fighting. The Indian stared back, before pulling the knife from his neck and letting him fall to the ground. Sara was crying softly next to her. She smiled back and rested her head on Katherine, and closed her eyes. She looked around frantically for her little sister. Sara opened her eyes and looked at Katherine with questioning eyes. They did not seem to notice that the two girls had awakened and they continued to carry on, laughing and speaking in a most strange language. she motioned toward the tree line with her head. To Katherine's horror a brave had looked around to where she and Sara had been when they woke up. Katherine and Sara moved faster, no longer caring about how much noise they made. She froze immediately and tears stung at her eyes. The cold stone rested on her throat leaving her completely venerable. She feared if she spoke to loud it would drive the knife into her skin. Sara barley gave a nod. The old Indian smiled sadly and shook his head. Part of her already knew the outcome, but to hear it be confirmed…. She looked up at the brave who seemed to be in charge, to see he was addressing the group. Sara was shaking and had silent tears running down her cheeks, she was clinging to Katherine for dear life. When his eyes returned to Katherine he gave her small sympathetic smile, before walking over to them. After looking at her hair and running the stands between his fingers he took his pointer finger and ran it down her cheek. He pointed to the tree and help up some rope. He frowned and held the rope up and pointed again. Katherine stood up to charge the brave but a strong arm wrapped around her waist holding her still. The brave at least been kind enough to put them on the same tree, even though Katherine couldn't give Sara the hug she obviously needed. With that he stood and walked away, back to his camp. Her heavy eye lids fell shut and everything fell to darkness. Especially the children…all those children. The smaller cuddled in the arms of the older. Brown Elk grabbed him by his shirt and dragged him back. Little Bear and brown Elk placed the girls down on the ground. The peace and quiet came thundering down as Dancing Fox sat down in front of him. All the braves were laughing and joking. After all, their hands and feet were tied, how far could they go? Even if they got out of camp what would they have done? She turned back around and moved faster trying desperately to get away; the whole scene was actually rather pathetic. Long Jaw walked over followed by Hawk, who looked at them curiously. Her voice shook with fear and Hawk felt his heart go out to the girl. It was smooth, and very soft and he enjoyed how it felt. His white would try to leave and end up getting herself lost or hurt and she was his now, he had to protect her. He just couldn't understand her language; she was no less intelligent because she couldn't understand him, right? When they were both secured to the tree the young one moved closer to his woman. He smiled at her and patted her head before rising and walking away. I am also a young author, I have just turned 15, so if i made any mistakes i would appreciate constructive criticism, i love to write and hope to make a career out of it some day, so i will take all the advice and criticism i get graciously. I frowned. I took it and sprayed my wrists and my neck. "Kaleigh, you haven't been on a date in two years! You have a loyal fiancé at home". Geez! Who knows? What about you? The point is that I don't do it as much as you do. Look, what time is it? In your dreams Eric! I told the bartender. May be posting more dragons at some point. Payback is a bitch. The supple leather boots that deadened the sound of his footsteps as he walked down the hallway were as worn as everything else. Hopefully, by the time that happened, he would be far away from here, in a place where no one recognized him, and the name Fasca meant little to nothing. A few days after that, his guard would disappear, so as not to be blamed when his blood was found, enough that it would be assumed he was dead, but not enough to raise suspicion. He didn't have the power to fend him off anymore, not like his sister, who could, and would, easily take his place. A dozen guards, identifiable only by the distinctive royal black and silver of their livery, and the barely visible Fasca coat of arms on their chests, were close behind him. He'd probably think about him occasionally, and wonder if he'd lived or died, what would have become of his own life had he followed them. He would do everything he could prevent it, but there was only so much that was possible against a dozen heavily armed men. They needed every hand they could get to survive this season. It would just be better to enjoy the meager scenery and the chance to be somewhere besides the little farm he lived on, maybe find an edible plant or two. The fact that they were out at a time such as this, when they should be asleep or on watch, signified that their mission was one of importance. He'd heard the stories about the king's preferences, and how he went about getting those he deemed suitable, but Fayt had never dreamed he'd be subjected to such a thing. He wasn't even sure why he'd been chosen, he was poor, and nothing interesting to look upon, but he had no intention of staying here to find out. There was no need for stealth and he stood little to no chance, but he wasn't going down without a fight, no matter how weak he was. He would not be a part of this willingly. Something hard connected with his right cheek, Fayt thought it was probably a fist, and he sucked in a breath sharply through his nose, still refusing to open his mouth. Another fist found its way to his face again, and the sharp noise that filled the air, as well as the blood that began to slide down his face, led Fayt to believe his nose had just been broken. He wouldn't give them the satisfaction; he'd rather die, and was probably going to. Which meant he truly had nowhere to go, except to do as the men before him wanted, or die. Just as quickly as it had come, the knife was removed and he sunk once more to his knees, his hands coming out to stop him from hitting the dirt face first. His blood formed a rapidly widening pool around him and, in that moment, Fayt knew he was going to die. Nonetheless, he was too late: the guards were gone, and the boy was dead. The young man would never survive unless… unless he took him to Drea. If he turned up now, there would be no second chance at escape. It was just barely enough. He was, in a word, stunning, and would likely be more so if he were given the chance to become what he was meant to be. His captain saw him, eyes widening in shock. Knowing his requests would be followed, Dren made his way to his room. Dren turned his attention to his captain, knowing there was nothing he could do now but wait. If he'd had all his power, Dren and Drea, together, may have been able to force the power to their bidding and heal everything, though it would've take several hours of intense focus. She looked exhausted, worn completely thin, and Dren knew she would need a good deal of sleep before she was even able to pretend at any sense of normalcy. Hesitantly, fearing what he would find, where he would be, he opened his eyes. Every inch of the stunning creature was covered in small scales the color of pure gold. Overall, the creature before him, the myth, was breathtaking. Now, it seemed, he was wrong. Smaller and less volatile than trueform, the demiform was supposed to be something that only a man with true control over his dragon could master. The fear had taken control of his mind now, and Fayt tucked himself as tightly as he could into the furthest corner, curling into a ball and whimpering aloud when the creature moved off the bed and to the floor. The man before him was as eye catching as the dragon had been, and just as frightening. his whispered, voice surprisingly anguished. It was only then, comfortable but confused, lethargic but scared, that Fayt finally looked around the room he was in. The doorway was covered with more midnight cloth, and shielded the rest of the rooms from Fayt's eyes. There was only one place that made sense, only one place where such wealth could be displayed so openly: the royal palace. He had not woken with the king, but the crown prince. If he had lusted after women, she would've been his type. At his nod, she lifted the blankets he'd covered himself with and placed a hand on the wound in his chest, which was Fayt noticed was a raw pink color, and far too healed to be normal. he whispered finally, not sure what else to say. He was the king, he got what he wanted, regardless of the wants of anyone else. he amended. That he was taken here instead of one of the minor audience halls said his father was doing something he didn't want others to know about. He was an inch or so taller than his son, but his body had begun to lose some of its strength with age. Well, Dren had every intention of pushing past that line today, consequences be damned. He leaned forward, looking almost eager. he repeated. If he could convince him of that, things may actually work out. It was several minutes before the dry heaves stopped, and he felt safe rising to rinse out his mouth before he left, slowly making his way back to his own rooms. Dren simply stared at Fayt, wondering what had happened. Inadvertently, he'd done what Dren had wanted so badly to prevent. It would be the least of his worries when the prince started in on him. It almost made him sick all over again, but he'd already puked twice as the guards had dragged him back to his rooms, and he refused to do it again. He needed a bath. He quickly washed in the now tepid water and then rinsed off before pulling the plug in the drain and stepping out. It felt like it had been so much longer, for some reason. He glided through the trees, knowing Eren would follow him, until he came to a large clearing several miles from the city, just far enough that they wouldn't be visible when they took on trueform. Seconds later, a large blue dragon soared into the sky near him. Eren understood him better than anyone else, as they both understood the power they wielded, the things they and so few others could do. It had been done with his complete knowledge and cooperation, but Dren's captain just didn't have the same experience, and would probably always fear his dragon, just the slightest bit. Eventually, the entire guard would be dragons, but it would be years before that happened. Fayt had changed everything. Dren laughed, though the sound came out as more of a growl in this form, but his captain, and friend, understood. When Eren had landed as well, they both changed to human form, and stretched regretfully. It didn't matter, as each man could see through the other's magic, but the people they passed could not. Dren paid him more than the room was worth, grateful that he always kept a few coins secured to him through his magic. As soon as they were done, Eren led them upstairs, closing the door behind Dren and quickly dropping his glamour. That friendship had eventually become more, a relationship between two people that understood each other as well as they understood themselves. Eren leaned against the side of the desk, face troubled over what he had just told them both. They still weren't sure how he'd managed to get ahold of the necessary garments. If Fayt didn't want him completely, didn't understand exactly what they were doing, then things would stay as they were in that respect. He trailed off, unwilling to voice what was on the tip of his tongue, and looked towards his sister. Countless men, as well as a few women, had come forward, claiming to have found the cure, be it magic, herbal, or medicinal, only to have the child die anyway. He'd grown to enjoy the company of the two men, despite his initial anger at being constantly followed, and missed their company. If Fayt were to be honest with himself, he didn't trust anyone at the palace, though Emory and Brandt were fast earning it, despite his reluctance to give it, but no one else had. It looked almost like… scales. Nevertheless, it was a grand occasion, for the child would be the heir to the throne. She lived only long enough for Dren's first change, to tell her husband why her son had survived the first change, when no other had, and then took her own life. By mixing it with diluted bloodlines, and because the father was, most often, a very weak dragon, though the current king searched for the most powerful he could find for his daughter, the first change killed the child, for their dragons were far too weak for the blood they carried. Fayt judged him to be about six foot two. Eren led him forward, weaving around the flora as he made his way to a comfortable bench off to one side, hidden almost completely by several large plants, where he sat down, directing Fayt to do the same. he murmured. Everyone he knew seemed to think he was a good person, that what Fayt had heard was not the truth, and the chance to prove them wrong was not one he would give up. There was nothing he could do to avoid the man, but Fayt suspected the prince had been avoiding him, though he had no clue why. The words he'd heard had come from the man's own lips, and there was no way to refute them. The image didn't last long, as the prince's form shimmered, changing to the small golden dragon, his demiform. His eyes widened after a moment, his voice oddly hoarse when his whispered words met Fayt's ears. Just before the sight of the prince disappeared completely, the king strode into the gardens, and Fayt saw what he thought was a brief flash of disgust, tinged with hatred, before the prince's face went blank. He made an obvious effort to control his breathing, which seemed to be more from relief than his quick pace, and Fayt couldn't resist asking. he said quietly. Granted, the child he'd read about was, at his oldest, six months, but, he couldn't connect the two, regardless. Emory grimaced as he finished, obviously as against the idea as Fayt. A few others stated that the king had something to hold over Dren's head, something he couldn't give up. He'd risked the most powerful man in the country's wrath, for Fayt. She'd told him more stories than he'd ever remember, as well as a few he'd have preferred to never know about. Now, however… the groan could only have come from one place. He found nothing in the room he was in, and cautiously entered the next one. His clothes were soaked with sweat, and the shaking had only grown worse while Fayt sat there. he said, his normally enchanting voice hoarse. Before Fayt could register that the man was sitting naked before him, Dren shimmered, and the golden dragon's demiform took his place. I will not hurt you, for any reason, and I will not give you to him to be hurt. With that, he can take as much power as he wants, and there's nothing I can do. Sliding onto the bed, the dragon heaved another mental sigh, this one of obvious relief. He'd just turned to go when the golden dragon spoke again. It was obvious that Dren would not harm him, would not do anything that he did not welcome. Between that, and the rhythmic sounds of the dragon's almost-purr, Fayt fell asleep in minutes. Looking up, he was surprised when he met the golden amber eyes. Fayt shivered at the cold of the room and pulled his own blanket tighter as he did the same, facing Dren. he said, looking up. His soft smile returned. Ignoring his unspoken question, Fayt turned his gaze to Dren. They both looked surprised to see Fayt and Dren in the same room, looking happy to be there. He'd never suspected they were more than friends, but, now that he thought about it, the looks the two so frequently shared should've given it away. The prince didn't notice, too busy digging in the bag he'd set in front of him. He examined it closely, but couldn't see anything odd about it, besides the color. he muttered darkly. They stepped away, obviously giving him space. he asked Dren, resisting the urge to scratch further. Closing his eyes, he realized that his body felt oddly right, like being human had been wrong all these years. He had baser instincts, desires he'd never felt before, but Fayt controlled them effortlessly, knowing that he couldn't hand control over to the dragon in him, that it wouldn't end well. He noticed with surprise that he was making the same purring noise the prince had. Instead, he wound himself around Dren, doing the exact same thing the prince had done to him. The dragon curled around Fayt, and two twirled together, the sparkling pattern of pale green scales against gold bright in the near darkness. Another voice finally broke into his thoughts. He could feel a wealth of new power flowing through his veins, and he knew exactly what he wanted to do with it. Dren stayed frozen a moment more, and then he began kissing back in what started in a lazy duel for dominance, but quickly became something filled with heat and undeniable passion. Dren was a good person, a great man, and Fayt trusted him, completely. Even if it would have affected him badly, Fayt would've done it anyway, he couldn't allow Dren to suffer because of him. He nodded when he noticed Fayt paying attention, clearing signally his approval. His eyes were a mix between sea foam green and aqua blue, and he noticed that the fine sheen of pale green scales extended up his neck, stopping about halfway up and fading into normal skin. he murmured. He felt uncomfortable, however, oddly stifled. They finally came to the palace, and ducked into a servant's door. he whispered. he asked. Just looking at the man, Fayt knew he was falling for him, which he knew was irrational, after everything he'd been through because of the prince, but it was happening nonetheless. Soon, Fayt was in Dren's lap, hands dropping to slide under Dren's clothes, seeking skin. He was about to say more when he heard a quiet noise near the doorway, and glanced up in surprise to find Eren stepping inside. Then he was standing again, leaving the room with Eren. It was frustrating, even though he knew there was nothing to be done about it. Fayt smiled slightly; he loved those cookies and had them for a snack almost everyday before he went to bed. He wanted to continue where they'd left off, and complete the bond, but some part of him was hesitant, saying that now was not the time to do such a thing. The room tilted alarmingly, and Fayt grabbed the arm of the couch behind him, sucking in a deep breath. The last thing he saw before he black out completely was a half dozen of the king's guards entering the room. He knew it was the king, and he hoped that Fayt was all right, and uninvolved, but as his eyes scanned the room, he saw his mate on the bed, still unconscious. he murmured, eyes betraying that he already had a plan in mind. he said quietly, voice hoarse. He slid the knife into his tunic, pulling up, and watching the fabric part before his eyes. Acting rashly, and letting the dragon take over completely, would only eliminate their chances of getting away unscathed. Eyes widening, Fayt quickly began to scoot away, trying to put as much distance between the man with the knife and himself. It was only then that the prince noticed the throbbing in his arm, and the spot of discoloration that said Beldrith had taken one of Dren's scales without his permission. Which meant that Fayt needed to be angry enough to force a change, the backlash of which would, hopefully, give Dren enough of what he needed to get free himself, and end this, once and for all. Fayt's eyes snapped to his, and Dren simply stared at him, willing the young man to understand, praying that he hadn't just lost his only chance with Fayt. He had to do this, had to continue, or they'd never survive the night. Dren was ridiculously proud that Fayt had such control, that, even in this situation, he was able to realize that trueform would be pointless here. Beldrith had more experience and, unfortunately, more power. The wounds were larger here, easily enough to kill him within a few minutes. The scream that filled the room was full of pain, and it sent Dren over the edge, red tingeing his vision as the dragon took complete control. Blood sprayed across him as he continued to tighten his hold, the king quickly going limp in his clutches. Though none was forthcoming, he sensed some small part of Fayt hanging on. He felt it spiral up and over him, encompassing him completely as the bond between he and his mate solidified and completed. It was near overwhelming, the whirl of things that passed between them in those scant heartbeats, before it ended abruptly. Beside him, he heard Fayt inhale sharply as well, and his eyes shot down to his mate. Story dedicated to Tragic and Devastated. So many girls…boys…could do it, but for some reason the reaction guys always gave made her want to laugh. She knew she could have him, but didn't mean she wanted him. Honestly every time she did it made her heart hurt and at this moment she didn't want her heart hurting. Tonight it was on pause. And who doesn't love a free drink? she plugged her finger in her ear so she could hear better. A feeling of just peace washing over her as she enjoyed her night. Ryan slid beside Laken with a smirk. He had a pretty smile. Raine knowing instantly the look on her best friend's face. Laken begged as she held up her hands to her friend. she told her, cutting her eyes over at the blonde boy and laughing. Wrapping his arm over Laken's shoulder as they swayed down the side walk. she rushed to slide from the car and tossed the driver some cash. Looking to see it a little past three and she chewed her lip as she hit the number and brought it to her ear. Partier, a fun time, a real great friend. she whispered as he played. Please review! There wasn't even any phone reception! The thin straps that wrapped around her ankles made them look so petite and just plain nice. And… she could go on for hours – she had, after all, spent the entire boring trip up and past week fuming – but right now, she could see her mother waving at her from the house. She sat in the car and sighed, then jerked upright when she heard yelling. And those lips – he was just complete and utter perfection. And she'd made sure to close the gate this time. Probably even fitter than Kira, who only ventured to the gym after she'd pigged out on greasy food. Nowhere. She quickly looked away, thrusting the memories to the back of her mind. Everything was packed neatly into the big cardboard boxes that were stacked up in the corner. But, her friends being her friends, she hadn't come up with much. There was no way she was going to wear plain, farm clothes to that. ! She tried to inject some enthusiasm into her voice, but it came out flat. But now that was over and her awesome fun, relaxing holiday had turned into slaving away on the farm. Kira couldn't really remember Anna mentioning if Tristan had some kind of anger problem. This grossed her out a bit, but not for long. I'd love to hear back from you guys what you think, as I'm not overly confident about it! The badminton game from hell. They knew it too. My crush merely shrugs. Okay, maybe my crush is right. I know how he plays. I look up. Of course he knows. Or just cheesy, clichéd slash – because it is. Perhaps things went south when my brother – six years my senior – took control of all supplies including our GPS, LifeStraw, food and bear spray, then simultaneously disappeared from camp after telling me he'd be back with some water. Just on the other side of these peaks lay civilization, but there's no way – without all of my gear and my brother's instruction – that I can even attempt to climb back over the other way. I've watched a lot of Survivor Man, so I know even if I eat ants and drink my own piss – I'll be done for in a few days' time. My throat tightens and constricts with terror; a stinging urge to cry pricking behind my eyes. Instinct tells me whatever it is on the other side of that tree is looking at me like I'm supper. I call out for Dax as I take a tight left and try to lose the beast, but it's no use – it's hungry and I'm just helping to work up its appetite. When I settle at the bottom of a small hill, I try to get back up to my feet – only to find that the damage was worse than I thought and there is a large gash down the left side of my leg. He is small – probably not yet full grown – but hungry the way his snout sniffs the air curiously and charges at me. One of the figures is tall – carrying something across a shoulder – and the other figure is much smaller… walking funny… on all fours? My hands shake unsteadily as the shadows approach close enough that I can finally make them out. Leaves crunch under the feet of the man as he approaches and squats in front of me. he mutters. They lock with mine and his brows furrow immediately, pulling together as he regards me like an inconvenience. My mouth opens but no sounds come out as I stare blankly at the way the man rips his shirt into long strips and places one just above the laceration. I have so many questions, and it's not a good thing combined with a brain that seems to have come to a complete stop since facing a black bear. I twist in my spot and look around the nightmarishly dark forest as if half-hoping him to be prancing towards us. It's like he's talking to himself – and given the beard and the reference to two years living on this mountain – I'm sure he's long since lost his mind. The idea of leaving the bear behind is clearly out of the question even though I'm very well bleeding to death, but I trust the amount of urgency this stranger is putting to my situation. This weak, dizzy feeling is making me second guess everything that's happening. He's got this voice that's rough and rumbly – it vibrates in a way that soothes my delirium and demands my focus. As he navigates us through a rough patch, I make sure to hold on tight and Wyatt appreciates the effort so he can focus his strength. you may proceed with your rioting. Either way, enjoy. In this blistering temperature the market place seemed to wreak of stale sweat and flesh, a mound of rotting waste baked far too long. If there was something unnatural and rare out there, I would find it. They had no right nor should they even dare to lay one finger upon me. No, I was far too busy searching around the numerous cages all lined up for my viewing pleasure, the contents of which all quite different, all so rare. It would be impossible to choose just one. No, I was looking for the rarest. Such simple monsters these things were. This pen, however, was rather dark inside, almost impossible to see anything. As if following the beams of light as they slithered past the bars and across the floor, my eyes stopped when they came to rest on white, pale flesh. Already I could feel my smirk widen, confident that this creature could be the one I was looking for, the perfect addition to my collection. Upon the repositioning of its form, the imprisoned creature's body could clearly be seen in the light now. The feral beast looked hungry, its massive paws crushing the imaginary earth now inked into the skin as it stalked its prey, ready to devour and conquer. The slave trader began to yell in a foreign tongue at the caged creature and once again slammed the blunt object against the metal poles in some hope that it would make this tattooed critter move. His gaze was so heated, so vicious and wild, that he was indeed like a caged lion ready to strike. If I was a weaker man, I would certainly be salivating at the sight of this almost ethereal creature. I couldn't help but smile at him. A small, barely noticeable smile found its way across his lips, a cruel, twisted upturning of his mouth destined for me. He smiled at me again, the same arrogant grin from before, such warped confidence on his face despite the fact that he was dirty, naked and chained like a dog. I would break him and tame him to fit my needs just like the mongrel he was. He was a strong willed beast, so sinfully cruel in his choice to keep his name to himself. It was merely an illusion. I did not bid the merchant farewell; he did not deserve it for being such an unholy nuisance. Hmm, he had such bright green eyes that they thoroughly contrasted against my new treasure's eyes. . Without his permission, -not that I needed it- I grabbed his chin in my hand and brought his face down to mine. My lungs began to ache and burn for air, forcing me to break the kiss by shoving William away softly. Groaning softly, I let my free hand fall against the soft, wheat coloured tresses of William's head resting in my lap, urging him softly to do a good job. Soon enough I would extinguish all the defiance out of those eyes and make him obey only me. Not many had the pleasure of being this close to me. I nodded to William's question, giving him the opportunity to once again sit at my side where I watched him take a quick drink of the water from earlier to clean his palate. Hearing a soft chuckle from my servant's lips, his fingers were quickly within my hair, pulling and teasing the stands gently like a physical lullaby until I drifted to sleep. Knowing that the insufferable angel was in there reminded me of my dream, a dream better left to the dream world. It was difficult to say at this point what the change in weather had done to the creature inside, but I was certain that he was well, if not a little put in his place. It had been an entire day since I saw him last, but I could not forget the snide smirk upon his lips, the same perverse smile from before now accenting his features even in the dark of night. This angel would soon come to understand just how much authority I would have over him. So many things I could do, which would I chose? In fact, they would all be wise to not even speak of it to each other in private. It was merely setting things right again. William had been serving under my family for more than three centuries and was with me from the time of my birth to now. Chilled from the lack of layers, I quickly grabbed the deep violet robe from my bed and felt the heavy fabric once again bring warmth into my bones. Stepping inside the entrance of the large bathing chambers, the smallest sounds of splashes could be heard, those sounds most likely belonging to the angel. Inside the porcelain chambers my eyes quickly traveled to the sight of the angel being held firmly in place by shackles suspended from the ceiling, his naked body pulled taut, allowing me to see the rippling muscle beneath his pale cream flesh. I would not allow him any consolation of knowing that his presence galvanized me. Sipping the delightful brew, I watched as my Mongrel pulled the angel from the depths of the soapy water, my heart becoming elated when he sputtered and coughed painfully. Unsure of how long his lungs could stand being so ruthlessly submerged, I stood and approached the edge of the massive in-ground pool. The chains were jerked roughly, forcing me above the surface of the water again and quickly in the arms of the angel who held both me and the cuffs tightly. As if draining the very life out of me I felt my body almost turn limp in his arms, and was made as defenseless as a newborn. I trembled again, this time out of shame. ! I winced when his teeth clamped down on my tongue, my lips being forced open more for him to rape my mouth brutally in an alarming kiss. I could not, for the life of me, push him away. When I managed to rise to the surface, I witnessed my usually quiet servant and bodyguard swing the broken poll of the canopy bed into the angel's face until he fell back, blood gushing from the open wound on his forehead. I would not allow him to know I was scared of his advances or for him to see in my eyes that I wished William would hold me to cleanse the unnatural, wild emotions burning through my body. Or perhaps it was merely weakness from the long, summer day? I was still concerned with the situation and the effects of the angel's hands and lips still lingering on my skin. Chaining his neck, I watched the blond, wild treasure be dragged from the room before his legs had a chance to understand what was going on. It was not my finest moment to be so weak and distraught, but the lingering feeling and impression left by that insufferable man was too much. He was merely a beloved servant and confidant, nothing more. Cursing myself for thinking such a thing, I entered my room and closed the door to keep the world out. Shuddering at the thought, I quickly covered my head with the blankets in some childish hope that the cloth would stop the annoying thoughts, but alas did nothing. Blinking the sleep from my eyes, I turned over quickly until my face pressed into warm, fresh scented skin. With William's eyes consistently following my movements, I left the bed to get dressed. Hell, the thought alone that I even needed someone to knock an angel off me was disgusting enough. After a few moments of climbing, I approached the heavy wooden door of the final floor and pushed it open. My brother would be gone until ungodly hours to roam the forest or seek out some sort of fun in the neighboring town, or perhaps just get drunk at the local tavern with Dios. Yet, the only question was did it hold that fierce angel behind? With fumbling fingers, I gripped the draw line and pulled, watching as the muted light of the dreary day illuminated the room in a quick, blinding current. He certainly was beautiful this proud, vicious lion. He was so snide even in his situation, leaving me to wonder where all that confidence came from. I suppressed the shiver that came after the hypnotizing gaze of this leering beast and tried to remove my hands. I heard every day that people thought I was beautiful or attractive, but those compliments meant nothing to me nor did they have any impact. Knowing his tricks now, I wouldn't let this cheeky beast any further advances. Carefully gripping the rattling metal, I approached the cage where the angel's eyes seemed to light up with mischief at my return. The only form of movement I could make was to lift my head, seeing the side of the dragon scaled cage now shattered from the blast that I too had experienced. The closer he approached, the more in vain I tried to struggle to move, but my body would not obey, leaving me paralyzed on the spot. His face was a stony mask, cold and expressionless as if a statue made of flesh and bone. There was a wildness in his eyes that I felt tear into me like hungry teeth, my bones feeling as if on fire and my flesh was scorching with fever against his fingertips. As I floundered around on the hard tile of the chambers he merely chuckled, the strength he was eluding so potent that I could not bring myself to continue struggling. It was beyond disgraceful; my face engulfed in shame as whimpers fell from my mouth softly, much to his delight. My heart sank when his eyes suggested otherwise and the only shred of dignity I had left was pulled open, exposing my naked body to his hungry gaze. Or, at least I wanted to believe that's who I cried for. Eventually, through the onslaught of passion, his mouth came to rest against my own and like last night his tongue pushed past my teeth into the heated depths. When Rowan had at last released my lips from the passionate kiss, I was already poisoned by him. However, I remained perplexed as Rowan stared down at me, his expression hauntingly unsettling before bringing my head down into his lap. Blushing at the sight of this man's endowment, I suddenly felt the apprehension that William probably experienced when I pulled this kind of stunt on him. Then again, my supposed will was rather yielding and I found I shakily parted my lips, prepared to accept the length before me. There was a chuckle from above, Rowan clearly enjoying my torment. After all, the most I could do as revenge was make him moan as well. I felt empowered regardless of my situation that I could make him hard and to hear him pant softly each time I teasingly ran my teeth just barely across his manhood. It wasn't a bite, but if he kept dictating my actions doing THIS of all things then I would bite it off and make him a eunuch. Even without his nimble fingers to encourage, I attacked the hard flesh in front of me and swallowed the length abruptly before Rowan could say anything against it. His face was a marvelous display of scarlet tint, his chest heaving every so often when my tongue flicked playfully over the head of his erection. Truly the two of us together in the same room, doing these things, was the strangest sight of on-and-off-again dominance. While focusing on inhaling Rowan's impressive length, I barely registered his hands around my wrists as he removed the soft belt. Rowan really was an interesting creature, a proud man that refused to acknowledge his own pleasure to the point that his bare feet were sliding across the floor in an attempt to brace himself every time I touched him. It made me feel quite alive. In our enthusiasm, I felt the dull, blunt nails of Rowan's fingers dig into my back pleasantly, the long digits occasionally trapping themselves in the length of my hair and pulled softly on the stands as if testing my threshold for discomfort. The kneading of his fingers against me was heavenly and I felt shivers of delight cascade over my body at every tiny, gentle tug. I had known strong women too, but I enjoyed the hard body of a man against me and I had that just now. Sighing into the kiss, I began to claw at his back, knowing that upon it was the work of art engraved into the warm, cream flesh. I moaned heavily into his neck as he pleasured me, the quick snapping of his wrist driving me insane until my fingers clawed his shoulders and drew blood. My younger sibling had succumbed to his instincts with some little mousy brunette with awkward glasses, and the two of them lived in the second Darklore estate. It was simply Rowan. Even though I was a king and a man that normally hated to be touched by outsiders, I still allowed Rowan to spread my legs apart and boldly expose the quivering unseen regions of my body to the world. If anything, he held me down with little strength as I became his equal during this intimate exchange of heated breath and passion. I could not be defiant against something I now wanted. I tensed, unsure if I wanted this now that it was happening and he felt my anxiety. Having used my lapse of judgment against me, I screamed into the stale air of the room when Rowan so unceremoniously shoved his fingers inside my body, the sudden intrusion wracking my frame with remarkable sensations. I had lost my mind, my shattered intelligence greedily plucked dry by this man's ravenous talons and I could only wonder what he planned to do with me after this all. I had nothing to fear from Rowan Adonis Valen. The quick entrance left me twisting in pain while my hands found the only means to ease my suffering by digging into the arms of the man responsible for my anguish. This twisted angel was right, I would scream and did. Gone was the pained groans and antagonizing cruelty of Rowan's arousal, and instead it was all replaced with the strange sensations of perfection. Rowan was certainly a prize I could not remove from my treasury nor remove from my side now that I had been indulged in his desires. I heard a soft chuckle then, as if Rowan could hear the endless banter of my senses in my head, my thoughts running amuck with no outlet. The heated blessing was earth shattering, Rowan's manhood seeming to fill me to the brim each time he would thrust home, shaking the very foundation we laid against. This change of pace had completely changed the way I felt everything, as Rowan used me to brace himself in order to plunge hard and long into the welcoming heat my body offered. It was pitiful, and from the sound of Rowan laughing, he too believed I was a fool as well. Sitting up quickly, I wrapped my arms around his neck and forced my body to collide with his, startling him enough that he fell back onto the floor with a loud grunt. Rowan's lips parted in response to my demands, but I silenced him quickly with the rotating of my hips and shivered with delight when Rowan's snark voice came out in a pleased moan. After all, gratification would not be possible if Rowan didn't have a place to stick his cock. The affirmative action resulted in the response I was hoping for as Rowan's head fell back and his hands gripped my thighs as hard as they could. Our moments of bliss could only truly be classified as some warped enchantment, to think that a Darklore and an angel could become one for a brief moment of time. That thought alone made my heart swell as I placed my hands on Rowan's chest and felt his heart beat erratically under my finger tips as we both pushed up and down to meet each other's demands. My rigid member was already turning an awful, swollen red colour during these events and I could only conclude that Rowan's was probably in worst shape. I accepted his mouth tenderly enough, my teeth biting down on his tongue to draw out some hungry purrs from the self-indulgent lion. Not that he would. I suppose it was fair to say that I was the polar opposite; I had no problem, apparently, letting my voice out during fornication. Just by him staring at me was more pleasurable than the actual immaculate length being thrust inside me and I was certain that he was trying to shatter me to pieces like the weakest of glass. Rowan Adonis Valen and Kakia Darklore were, in fact, each other's shadows; we seemed to be made for each other. I could still easily tear apart an enemy, but this particular enemy was something else entirely. The shrill cries of elation could certainly be heard, I mused, five stories below us as anyone outside or even inside would hear our actions. It was a silly thought on my part, but I truly believed it. Rowan's intentions became fevered, his hips ramming forward into my silken channel and the hand around my erection threatened to crush the essence out of me. However, this time there was another blistering heat that seemed to radiate from inside as I watched Rowan tense above me, his head tossed back gently as he released his seed into my awaiting body. I feared that if he pulled out now the strange warmth would escape and I'd lose a part of him. However, since this man, this ruler from another country was so successful in satisfying me, I was certain I wouldn't have any issues. It was a silly thought, but a nice one nevertheless. Within this vast market many seedy traders pawned off their wares, while some legitimate merchants offered great finds for a certain price, but none could dare compare to the treasure walking with me. Aethelwyne would become greater than ever with Rowan and I ruling over it. Our kingdom would strive for millennia more, ruled over strongly by our family of Darklore. Love ya Ry. My phone vibrated beside me and I groaned even more when I saw the text. We even shared a love for action movies, preferably ones with Liam Neeson in them. I pulled from my thoughts when I felt the vibration of my phone against my leg again. I jumped the last few steps to see that it was in fact my speedy best friend, I slapped my forehead. He patted the spot beside him,  I opened my mouth to reply, but my mother walked into the living room. I wanted to get to the championships just as much as anybody on my team. He jumped, whirling around to glare at me. I yanked the potato away from him and started slicing off the skin in perfect strips. I was guessing it was my grandparents, they always showed up to special events nearly an hour before they began. I could not help but notice Colton's smile as he came back in. My grandma was an amazing cook, I honestly couldn't understand why she hadn't opened her own restaurant yet. I quickly grabbed his hand and dragged him back into the living room. He stopped but stayed on top of me, clutching his stomach as he bent over to laugh. I peeked over the side, giving him an apologetic smile. Colton shifted up so his head rested in the crook of my neck. I was about to reply, but his phone vibrated in his pocket and we both squinted our eyes as blinding light from the phone invaded our vision. He texted her back quickly, then slipped his phone back into his pocket. I started to sit up. Hadn't he even posted a status on my account saying: Hit me up ladies? So the book is going back up :) However, you do not have to read this book first to know what's going on in Growing Up. ! , Jared said as he rubbed his stomach. . . . ". . I got her ketchup. wanna come over for dinner"? can Jared come over for dinner too"? the boy is always late for everything". . , Elaine said. what's it called"? , Jared asked. . I heard his footsteps in the background come to a stop and I could hear a door being opened. He emitted an  sound. A few seconds later, he joined in the laughter while still lying down. And the grinning idiot is my best friend, Lucas Anthony Trevino. Her big blue eyes looked at me and she grinned. But no need to bring the past back. Ew. she added. Searching for it, I finally found the little thing and checked the screen. But this particular one was actually addressed to me. No need to beat around the bush. . ! Does that work for you? I sound sappy. But can you at least tell me who gave you my number? My buddy, Luke, did. I even asked for clues! My mom is starting to think I'm weird or something because I'm sending messages to someone named . How about you just call me Cole. And I think I knew everyone by name. And anyways, you really think I'd give you my real name? And don't try to change the topic! So, it's no use even if you're gonna ask the entire school who this 'Cole' is. No such luck there. Lucas had an innocent smile, which turned into a grin after I narrowed my eyes at him. I was gonna bother you if you we're still asleep. I typed back. ) And being the assholes that they are, found joy in my suffering. No wonder you get along so well. I can imagine him smirking right now. I replied jokingly. If Charles was like a Valentine's Day card, Brad was Cupid himself! Even though I haven't met him in person yet, I feel like I'm closer to him than those I have already been acquainted to in school before. Reviews we be appreciated. I'll wait until you've stop. Apparently, he was a director for one of the top-grossing movies of all times, or so he claims, before he got a hankering for educating the young and influencing the future generations, bla bla bla di bla. Now, I can't even buy a ticket home, let alone study at the college, and all my 'cool' friends have coolly disappeared. there was me. I am from an upper-middle class family, with a normal upper-middle class lifestyle, and my life plan was to study away two decades and a half of my life before moving into the working class where I will be able to hopefully retire by age forty, having successfully made it as either a wedding planner or a cosmetic company PR president. Why couldn't one of them be like Mr Yakuza the landlord and think I'm so cute, they'd give me a job and a raise up front? Them being my ex-cool best friend and my ex-cool semi-boyfriend, before they found out I was a pauper and suddenly had better things to do. important things to do and they couldn't spare time for me. So I just gritted my teeth and walked along. My trench coat was, at the moment, one of my most prized possessions, it being from Burberry and a gift from my mother before she passed away three years ago. I looked up at the snowing sky and sighed, standing abruptly in the middle of the lane. So not my idea of heavenly help, let me tell you. It was a voice that I could very much enjoy, should he not be sounding so angry and blaming me for something that I think he was at fault in the first place. I could have been swearing at the Prime Minister of Japan for all I know. He swore silently to himself again as I tried to kick him. Well, excuse me for not being well-endowed nor a sweet young thing, not that that should matter to him. I would have screamed, except his hand was still on my mouth, while his other hand wrapped itself around my waist, hugging me tighter to him. Just my luck not to run into a vegetarian one. They actually had the tenacity to walk away, and as their footsteps fade away, so did he surface from nuzzling my neck. He growled. He continued cockily. He smiled at me, the rat. He said cheerfully. We walked for quite a bit in the alleys, before he came to a stop before an unassuming back door of a tall apartment building. It was a grand place, like a five-star hotel, and the backdoor security guard only raised his eyes briefly and greeted my mystery man with a nod before going back to staring at the monitors with an intensity I thought normally used in military training. This was only the back entrance, for heaven's sake. I watched in amazement as mystery man pressed the number thirty on the lift, which was the highest floor. I ate nothing since morning, and breakfast was a measly cheese sandwich. Guess even the rich are perverts, I added mentally. My face heated up. If this is one of those dangerous situations dad was always warning me about, I would start throwing all the expensive-looking vases around at the mysterious men. He chuckled. The four lounging on the sofas stared at me. This could get annoying. One of the men laughed. Mainly, a conversation in which she chattered on and on about a hot new band with all three new singles going gold in the span of two days, a hot new band with sold-out concerts every night, a hot new band where all five band members were hot enough to out burn Hell itself. I went on, giving the matter some thought. Til' then, please do comment! . . . . . . I don't care about what had happened or that he hurt me pretty bad before we sorted it out. Everything is magnified, every touch and word. . . I shall call him Bob. Ryan. . . . . . . . . . . You know what I mean. . Any whoo major than you and I hope you all tune in and like the sequal as much as this one! . . It was that bad. Guys need help too, okay. And if you try to be someone that you're not just to please everyone else, who would you really be at the end of the day? We had this on-off friendship. He wasn't such a bad guy. I didn't want him to lose his friends because of me so I was pretty okay with that. I will be whoever I want to be, with or without their approval. Blame him, not me. He dropped his bag by his legs and turned to face me. The last time a friend of mine did that, I pounced on her and it took both my dad and Jaden to get me off of her. I was an independent girl. Most of the things in my possession were new – new to me, at least – and I felt like a stranger amongst my belongings. Or perhaps the rest of the land was bought up and mowed down to make room for business, and the apartment owner simply refused to sell. I did know, however, that the owner's wife was sleeping with his best friend, and the poor bastard didn't have plans to leave her. Painting my new life with meaningless nothings of my old life defeated the purpose in getting away, didn't it? There was, though, one good thing to be said of my apartment. 3:04AM, long before I was due at work. I liked the song, don't get me wrong, but no one particularly wants to hear Billie Holiday at three AM. All traces of my previous proclivities – people pleasing, bashfulness, plain old aversion to conflict – fell away. I hammered relentlessly on the green door that had a rusting number 9 nailed to it. His dark eyes looked me over in boredom. He seemed about the same age as the blond: twenties. Still, I found myself nodding faintly. I approached where he sat on the low-to-the-ground couch. The creeping concept of danger worked its way into my brain which, it seemed, was convinced that everything was all a dream. At my blank expression, he smiled. Each lock clicked into place and I fell onto my couch, heart thudding. The sky was already bright outside my window by the time I was ready for work. The steaming cup was on her desk before the clock struck eight. She was the wealthy CEO of an oil company, and I was her assistant. I could see the subtle evidence of muscles straining against his business suit. Damn it, if this story isn't unique I'm going to shoot my foot off. Typical Friday night. Actually, if she was honest with herself, that's how her weekends had been for eight months. she muttered to herself, setting the popcorn on the coffee table and flopping onto her back. If you could even call it that. Wrong place, wrong time, they always said. She was all over the damn place. She couldn't seem to let him go. When the fuck did that happen in real life? She'd stopped expecting him to call months ago. He asked after her bout of silence and she shook her head, smiling again. She said, pulling back to hold him at arm's length. he chuckled, gesturing to his uniform. He laughed, getting in the car and starting the engine. he's said gesturing to his clothes. James sighed. She desperately wanted to ask about him. There was only one thing he'd hide from her. he said, using finger quotes, trying to get a laugh. Though she'd never actually been his girlfriend so it didn't quite count the same. She sat, staring anywhere but Jamie's face. he mumbled and she nodded. He glanced over at her. he paused, his brown furrowed in thought. He cocked an eyebrow. She loved watching him work on that stupid bike. He'd never gotten that way with her. That was their song, and he only ever played it for her. she said, turning toward him and he grinned. He picked his glass back up and took a drink. Riley glanced up at him, a slight smile on her face. And sometimes Riley. He smiled, nodding again. He smiled into her hair, pressing his lips lightly against her head. And Jamie knew if he gave it to her she couldn't say no. He patted the bed next to him. Riley nodded slightly. He reached out, lacing her fingers through his own. she sighed, hopelessly. She laughed, pressing a kiss into his bare skin. He brought their joined hands up to her cheek. The first one that she could honestly say was completely filled with love. She took a deep breath. She nodded against him, tears falling freely from her eyes. Eight months without seeing his face was going to make seeing it all the more difficult. He dialed the number, pressing the phone to his ear, fidgeting nervously. Maggie Weston, while an incredible mother, was hardly a feared individual. He nodded to himself. No, this summer week would be much different than the others. She glanced over at him, raising her eyebrows in question. Maggie's hair was a mixture of both of those colors and her eyes, a lovely pale blue. she scolded, holding her son at arm's length. Riley smiled at him and let his mother lead her into the house. Maggie said, gaining the attention of her mother. The hallway on the right that they walked down held Jamie's room, Jax's room, Abby's room, and another guest room. He sat down beside her and smiled softly. She turned to leave but stopped at the door frame, turning back to glance at him. This was really going to be an interesting week. She proclaimed, flying down the stairs and hurling herself at the petite blonde who was doing the same. She rolled her eyes, moving from Riley to meld herself against James's side. Abby understood everything. Abby was not looking at her, she was looking past her, a nervous expression on her face. She never realized how much she'd missed him until he was standing in front of her again. She felt her breath catch and she couldn't seem to pull her gaze away. He pushed off the wall, taking a few steps forward, hands still in his pockets. One more step and she'd be wrapping her arms around him. He looked down, sheepishly, as if contemplating what to say. she chided raising an eyebrow of her own. he greeted. It was broken by an obnoxious high pitched voice calling from the other room. she smiled. Jax's eyes traced every touch, every movement. she asked, turning her perfectly painted face to Riley. She wasn't sure which would come first. she asked, her hand trailing across his chest suggestively. She nodded, winking at him and kissing him again before moving out of the room and towards the stairs. They simply watched each other for a while before he cleared his throat. Not after all this time. She forced a weak smile and nodded towards the door. She threw an accusatory glance at him. She snapped her eyes shut, shaking her head. she gestured to the stairs. He just stood there and watched her break. she concluded with a desperate shrug and a light sob. she mumbled. He turned, moving swiftly out of the room. James pressed his lips into her hair. He couldn't tell her it would be okay because he didn't know that it would. He sighed, leaning back into her. He only ever broke her. So he would  After all, that's what he did best. This inevitably causes him to changes girls like Jenna Donald changes hair colour (this week it happens to be blonde). His intelligence combined with the fact that he is the prefect of arts makes him think that his word is tantamount to that of a king's. It's a nice arrangement seeing as people will come running after me with pitchforks as soon as they know who my alter ego happens to be. That's good, because I happen to have a very strong opinion against Riordan and his arrogance, and it's about time people knew what a prick he is. Over and over again she played a recording of herself singing a song that she wrote. A fucked up donkey could do better, sound better too. Or at least I thought it was only one, but from the way drool was dripping down her chin and she appeared to not be moving, well it made me wonder. I gulped while thinking, oops, just did. I mean she does resemble…. She should have more trouble getting through this mess than I did, but then again, she could just knock everyone down. He chuckled, his hands still griped my upper arms. Sure, sometimes I lose my temper and act on impulse, but do you know how rare that is? Ash still had his grip on my arms. My, breathing was back to normal. Ugh, I felt so short. The only reason I'm breathing right now was because he had placed his athletic body in front of me. He turned and started to speak when Vanessa pushed past him and grabbed me. ' I tried to curl in on myself, but I was still dangling from her fist. Being deprived of oxygen does that to a person. Well shit, maybe it was the pain making me groan like some freak out of a movie. Really, my brain needs to get its priority's straight. Hope you enjoyed! . . . Ha, ha, ha. . ". not yet, anyway. ahem. until graduation. no, it was because that the book was coughyaoicough. What? ". . . ". Torture? Maim! . . ". . . . ". . ". But she is one damn hard to get girl. He didn't know why he liked her, but whatever the reason, he just wanted to be around her; loved being around her. He frowned to himself. And when she saw that he caught up with her speed walk and started walking side by side with her to class, she let out an audible groan. Of course, she wasn't going to strike up a conversation with him. Jace dropped his head onto his desk, his eyes half close and staring at the back of the girl that wouldn't go out with him. It brought him back to Tuesday, where he swear he saw her doodling hearts around his name. His words seem to caught Aylee off guard because she let out a small squeal before slamming her notebook shut in an instant. But when Jace got up, attempting to run after her, the teacher got out of his depressed state and commanded he sit down. Jace said knowingly. She was trapped in a corner and couldn't escape. Did she just compare him to a piece of plastic on a string? As the chuckles coming from Jace entered her ears, she began to fidget with her fingers. Three red carnations appeared in her view. And to get her to do that, he was going to have to take advantage of every chance he got to make her consider him as a potential boyfriend. He thought she wouldn't notice but then he remembered that she was part of the gardening club and grew the flowers that he held in his hand. He still wasn't moving. And the only thing distracting her from doing her homework was none other than the boy who was seated across from her. The moment he reached her front door, he rung the doorbell and began waiting for someone to answer the door. He picked up three more pebbles and threw them at her window, one by one. Her bra was black and lacy and Jace had the sudden urge to leap on her and feel her up. But he couldn't remember any of it. But he continued staring up at her balcony anyway, hoping that she'll come out. He failed. All rights reserved. I am in love with you and you're just going to have to deal with it. I'd rather never get to hold his hand than never get to talk to him again. Drop a hint, per se. You? Nobody's good enough for you? That's bound to be long enough for you to have judged my character. It was… perfect. ) It's just that if he hadn't figured it out by then, he wasn't ever going to. If he was going to like me, he was going to like me, not some cheesy charming line that anyone could have gone for. If it had been anyone besides Charlie, I think I would have been able to use her advice effectively, I really do. Complicated, I know. For once, it wasn't, and this, for whatever reason, was calming. The corners of my lips twitched up at the sight of his back. He and Charlie made an interesting pair—Charlie was easygoing but a million times more levelheaded than Larry would ever be. At least, I'd always thought so. (Almost. Was it possible he just knew Charlie and I were right for each other, the way I figured about him and Katie? I wondered, actually, if I was dreaming. I guess he just assumed it was a just friends thing. Although it would have been absolutely amazing if it turned out he felt the same way as I did, I'm not gonna lie. I'd had to tell him, trying to sound like I really meant it. ), when I asked him if he'd asked Katie yet. I had a very, very bad feeling. I forced a smile quickly enough that nobody could have guessed anything. I had to be. I trusted her. But when I got up to my room and sat on my bed like a lump, I just couldn't. I felt like shouting at the top of my lungs and running until I completely wore myself out and could go to sleep. We would have been perfect for each other. She was artsy, sure, but I was… well, I was a people person. It was that simple, and I didn't mean that in a feel-sorry-for-me way. I couldn't draw a straight line to save my life, but I could learn. I sucked it up and went into my room and sat on the floor and pulled my cell phone out of my back pocket, and called Charlie. I had liked him for so long. I said intelligently. But there was no way I had the nerve… for Pete's sake, was I that selfish? Beggars can't be choosers. I sniffed. he continued. he said slowly. Larry, I'm pretty sure however, was not in his fright mind, and being around him may have made me a little crazy. It was eerily quiet without the hustle and bustle of thousands of students. Ironic, no? In fact, I had almost as much fun as I would have if I'd gone with Charlie. he said. Because apparently I wasn't good enough. So I'm thinking that was way different than anything I've ever written before. it would be amazing if you'd tell me what you thought of it. Not just because I'm lazy. But for me, midnight was a rude awakening. I hoped that even she wouldn't throw me out to the streets. My mother wouldn't cosign any student loans, so I couldn't afford to go that fall. Where could I possibly go? The more I neared the exit, the heavier my bag felt. Happy Birthday, Mary Hall. Optimism was crawling under my skin. I found my temporary resting place. I had to find an affordable place to live, and in a safer neighborhood. Besides, I would feel too despicable to get any handouts from people. Turning around was impossible. He walked in front of me and squatted down, looking up at me with a fascinated smile. If he was going to start anything, I'd have my foot planted in his face. Less than thirty minutes on my own, and I was already about to get mugged. After a few hours of quietly staring at my lap, I began to nod off. I collected my things, and was about to set off. He had two brown paper bags in one hand, the other was waving at me wildly. Everything seems more horrifying in the dark. He had a smile on his face when he had been breathing hard, but he quickly lost it. He took one in each hand. I took a seat, as far away from him as possible. While the small section of Mira Mesa where I lived was rampant with the most gangs, meth, and robberies—Scripps Ranch was safe, rich, and vibrant. While I waited, I pondered on how many minutes I had left. Pause. It was something that made me want to laugh out loud in denial. He had tears beginning to spread across his eyes. The cool desert morning on a hard wooden bench was enough to make me miss a soft bed and a controlled temperature. We both snickered at the silent joke. There weren't groups of thugs crowding the gas stations nor were there any grotesque graffiti scrawled across the buildings. The place looked perfect. He shrugged and looked away from me; his body language suggested that his feelings were hurt, so I let him hold my coat. I could hear the slight creak as the machinery began carrying the great boxes down. Even when I went to the mall, I'd avoid the stores because the price tags raped my mood. I hardly knew the guy, and I didn't even know Lucy—but I thought I saw a flicker of passion as he spoke about her. She lived in number 712, located in a convenient corner at the farthest edge of the hall. Despite the cursed lack of sleep, she was very pretty. I could see an antique of a couch in the corner of the living room. I didn't quite fit; my gangly legs dangled out the window, and I sighed contentedly as the warm wind whipped against my bare feet. I chuckled when she made no move to replace one of the buds of her headphones that fell out as she yawned. she said, waving her hand in front of her face while pinching her nose for emphasis. I was shy and insecure, whereas Hannah was much more outgoing. It was one of the many reasons—probably the biggest reason—why my mom was so overprotective, and why I desperately wanted to get away. They spoke to me in loud, obnoxious voices and often slowly as if I was retarded or something. When she signed to me, her movements were wildly animated, almost impossible to read; I could tell she was upset too. Hannah secretly mailed in an essay I wrote and the next thing I knew, the principal contacted me and sent my acceptance letter through the mail. As I turned the page in the booklet, I spotted a small picture with several students smiling and waving at the camera as they sat in the grass. I wanted to get to the school now…but apparently that wasn't part of the itinerary. I whispered into her ear. With a huff, Mom snatched Hannah's phone from the top of her pouch purse resting between the seats. she quoted. She re-gripped the wheel as an old lady driving a car one lane over honked loudly, flipping us the bird as she sped past—something mom thankfully didn't take notice of in her anger. This lady could have been an extra in Rocky Horror Picture show with her snow-white hair and bright red lipstick. More horns flared and I pressed my back against the seat, nails freely digging into the soft leather. Hannah cursed once under her breath and then stepped out, preparing for an onslaught. The station dock beeped impatiently, making me growl. Oh well, I'd just wash them in my personal washing machine when I arrived at school. Trust me…they can create the ultimate high; one must be careful when handling them for long periods of time. They were beautiful, mesmerizing; they already had me hooked. I mentally smacked my forehead. I usually got tongue tied with a complete loss in what to say—like right now for instance. Don't just stand there like an idiot! Focus! Boys just didn't approach me to start a friendly chat, and he wasn't a friend to  with, considering I was miles from home; I'd never seen this guy in my life. …Sure, the idea sounded surprisingly delightful (wink), but I wouldn't go so far as to attack the boy right here at a gas station, with grease covering me from head to toe. I mentally smacked myself. I was the one acting like an idiot by just standing there, watching him sulk, even after he had clearly asked me for help. I might as well make something out of his presence for as long as I could. Just as I was about to race after the handsome boy, mom approached with a disgruntled Hannah trailing behind. But it looked expensive. I vigorously began wiping it away. Yeah, and he turned to me. His hand lowered as he watched me go, subconsciously taking a step forward. My aim is to get this published, so for those reasons I'm keeping my real name out of this, but it goes without saying that the work is entirely mine, nothing taken from real people/ circumstances, etc. She clenched the cheap black fabric of her skirt with both fists and kept her expression innocent. Especially after hearing what the other servants had to say about him. She had never before felt so endangered when conducting an investigation for the newspaper. She had nearly made it when the breath was knocked out of her by Mr. Morrow hooking her around the waist. The plump young woman stood unmoving by the stairs, her eyes wide against her round face. As she fought to regain her breath she watched the man's face redden with anger. Quick as lightening, she slammed the heavy door shut and turned the key before yanking it out and tossing it down the hallway. What she had told the young maid was true– a good story was worth doing almost anything to get. She was glad that when her article on him was published, it would be under her nom de plume. She was desperate to find a subject for her next piece. She had to think of someone publicly known, and potentially interesting enough to do a piece on, as soon as possible. She slid the thick April 1907 edition of the magazine toward her friend and poured them both tea from the pot she had previously made. The man who was only known as Stevenson slurred on, his words seemingly made incoherent by the effects of cheap whiskey. The success of the game he played here depended mightily on his ability to blend in with these people. The fact that he had actually known what that had felt like years ago added solidity to his lie. These men were not the sort one could play games with and expect to leave with nary a scratch. With luck, he would become privy to all sorts of inside knowledge that would make prime material for his novels. He was starting to create more descriptive detectives than criminals, and sorely needed to bring an earthiness back into his novels. The stereo in the corner is on low as the small melody plays throughout the room that held the two people inside. It still isn't stopping her hand running through his blonde hair before locking onto the bed sheets loving the feeling shooting through her body. Her eyes she swears roll back into the back of her head as his teeth clamp down on the skin right between her breasts making her body squirm. She giggles a little when he takes a fast breath and glaring at her clearly not happy her teasing him when he was trying to get her to beg for him. It's there and leaves as fast as it comes but the look just yells. He would always stay as long as he could, as long as it was allowed holding her tight against him. That as she walked into class on Blane's arm his face harden, jaw tightened and body stiffened wanting to fly across the room at him, but he restrains. That the star of the school isn't allowed to love the sweet girl who his friends would classify as too pure, to innocent, too beneath him. It simple no bigger than the palm of her hand but she loves it. Just another reason they are wrong for each other. A dumb basketball game she could give to shits about expect the fact he is playing. Like really who would question that she is wearing something that belongs to Easton Wells anyway. His ears burned from the wind and his nose was cold and he was sure pink. His heavy steps failed him as he tried to creep through the kitchen window so he didn't disturb anyone with the door but of course like a damn watch dog his father sat in the dark sipping his scotch. Fire erupted within him at his words until his deep chuckle said since she was the daughter of the second wealthiest man in the town he would allow it. He couldn't hide it; he couldn't stop it he was so crazy about her it almost hurt. She was different, she was nothing like the other girls he knew, he hung out with and when he was with her was the only time he ever felt truly alive. So he could talk to her in the hall or flirt or anything because people wouldn't notice but since he was the top of the little chain in school he even looked at her in a way someone found weird and the gossip mill would go into over drive. Tayla really did a number on that one it was still slightly swollen and even a little purple and he made a mental note to get her back for that. She really got used in this house. Tired was not even the word to describe everything. He wasn't sure where he would be if she hadn't been around as he has grown up,  He asked like a child over at her begging for him to love him too. Easton Wells was not anywhere close to kind. The skirt she was wearing was showing some amazingly tan, toned legs that he had to slap his hand for reaching to touch. He tried to ignore her presence, he tried to ignore her when she came to help her mom, or when she would sit at his kitchen table doing her homework tucking those loose strands behind her ear as she did but he couldn't. She was just sitting there growing frustrated with her literature assignment and it being his best subject he talked. He started to notice her more at school, notice the people she hung out with and noticed how she was definitely different then his group. She notice him looking more at her when school was going on but he never spoke, she is kind of sure this was the first time she has ever actually heard his voice. And why the hell was he sitting so insanely close to her that his scent was making her tingle and go all stupid. Thought he used his cute smile of his and the fact he was the star basketball player to get by but he was actually smart. What he was feeling was really scaring the hell out of him. They were talking about the game tonight, about the party after and about pretty much everything they talk about every morning but he again wasn't listening. He probably never would be. He breathed in deep almost smelling her vanilla scent as she passed making his whole body ache for her but as she rounded the corner he let that feeling go. But lets start from the beginning. But back to the point: why do I hate high school? I kept the secret for two years and she became my best friend. but I hated that. Many times I wonder if she's my friend because of him. They go to UCLA, and I guess they're majoring in girls' haunting. Lana didn't want to tell me, of course, and Dalila packed her things and left, followed by Mary and Jenny. « Her blue eyes narrowed, and then looked away. Lana opened her mouth in shock. She looked up at me. I picked up my things and the rucksack, and got ready to leave. « I turned around to meet her gaze. I was walking away when I heard her speaking on the phone. . So, boys got the red envelopes and girls the blue ones. And I suspected that our dear teacher had something in mind again. She was dating John at the moment, or this I heard. « She moaned, her painted eyelashes moving up and down. The teacher went on explaining. She seemed to think the same, because a smile showed up on her lips. I hated those topics about Italy. « She picked up the list and then looked up at me. Mike Langdon. I wouldn't risk my future. « She whispered, but I stopped her. who was who? I'll deliver the messages personally, and correct the ortography. I took the pencil and began. I turned off the lights and wondered what was waiting for me the following day. I hope you enjoy it! He hadn't finished one question. Mrs. Hanson assigned the homework, reminded them that there was a week until the unit test, and dismissed the class as the bell rang for the end of the day. So he nodded in all the right places until she seemed satisfied and said goodbye. Sometimes he wondered if Tyler was completely straight himself, he had pretty good taste. Dylan was so unconcerned, he didn't think it was an issue that he slept with numerous people during their five month relationship. He had known just what to say to keep Brandon strung along and wanting more, when all Dylan really wanted was someone to fuck. As they moved closer, Brandon could see freckles on the guy's nose and cheeks, but he didn't seem that remarkable, or anyone that Brandon would normally notice in a crowd. Those eyes were damn stunning. he held out his hand for Brandon to shake. Brandon didn't know of anyone who would say anything negative about Tyler. And Brandon wasn't into incest. Matt was really punctual. His mom was an interior decorator, so it was pretty decked out with furniture, drapes, knick-knacks accenting and complimenting each other. He kind of hoped that Matt hadn't been a witness to it. He would never admit it, but he was feeling frustrated, despite Matt's seemingly endless patience. She looked up and grinned at them. She would ask them a lot of questions, barely giving them time to answer, as if she was looking for a certain answer. Brandon was thinking he was beginning to have a dimple fetish. He knew he wasn't ugly, but he had never felt quite comfortable with his appearance. It was a good, comfortable feeling. That Matt would act as if they were friends, that he wouldn't care who knew that they were friends. He actually answered a question right and received a happy smile from Mrs. Hanson. He gestured towards the library. He picked her up and placed her on his lap. Brandon felt almost guilty for interrupting him to ask for help on a problem, but Matt just smiled and leaned over to see what Brandon was doing. She gave Matt a hug too. He actually finished them before she started calling on people to answer. Despite the small crowd of people, Brandon bounded over to Matt and touched his arm to get his attention. He hadn't known Matt for long, but from what he did know, Matt was usually more reserved and never had joked with him like that. He grinned as he put a hand between her and his face. He turned to find Matt's attention focused on him. He shrugged it off to his own paranoia, and made his way to his usual seat. Really, what straight boy would appreciate homosexual rumors about him? His tone was sarcastic, but had an edge of amusement to it. He leaned over and pressed his lips against my neck, my heart raced, my body shook. The moon lit up my path as I hurried home; I blinked away tears as the wind hit me. snow. in shock? I quickly rose from the ground, he was only a few inches away from me. That was the only thing he had said to me. I smiled at the sky. The doorbell was fancy-gold of colour, but slowly bronzing. I found it a little different, but it wasn't necessarily wrong to do. The heat was getting to me. It shook tauntingly at me from the impact. Actually, it always got to me. That hadn't been the welcome I wanted. Her appearance seemed worn now, however. I opened my mouth to say something, but she was already talking. But she seemed happy, unlike her hair. The step second to the top creaked beneath my feet; I was mildly jostled by the sound. Ella rapped her knuckles against the door. His eyes were almond-shaped, black, endless. My smile flickered. Harsh, but then again, I understood their over-protectiveness—but that didn't mean I didn't hate it. He sat on the couch across from me and watched as I sorted through some math papers. He was drawing something. He giggled again, that odd girly giggle. He leaned back on the couch, sinking into it a little. Maybe first impressions weren't everything, because he was giving me quite a second impression right now, and it was ten times uglier than the first impression. I hadn't even slept over at a friend's house before. The window had a nice view of the road, however, and if I leaned out a little, I could see the entire front yard, and porch, of the house. The room bored me, but at the same time, made me feel on my toes. I leaned out, making sure to keep my hands on the sill for support, strained my neck, and caught sight of a boy waiting out on the porch. breathtaking. From his wrist, I went to his hands; he was carrying a box. She was now holding the box. Ella shook her head, smiling. His pace was so set, so serious, that it was laughable. It's only 14 chapters, because it was mainly used for us to get the hang of writing with each other. I guess this meant I was cheap and pretty, perhaps also classy and I'm not sure about spacey, but I sure had a lot of room for the wrong people in my life. I kissed Anjelica on the cheek and she gave me some good news, or what appeared to be. I am a Pisces, she is an unlikely unstable Libra. To hell with all that astrology bullshit, I didn't believe in the stars, I didn't have a reason to. Getting a piercing, a tattoo, getting wasted, going to bars just for the fun of hooking up with thirty year olders. Anjelica rolled her eyes and kind of changed her voice into a disdainful one. I just recognized her for the nose piercing and the lip ring. Maybe everything, she looked like such an interesting person, the type of person you want to talk to maybe once or twice, but know that you belong to worlds hanging millions of light years apart. It was one of those small triumphs of releasing your brain after a day of pulling your brains together. A person about to cross the street caught my attention and I turned to see whoever wore a baggy black hoodie and some pair of dark jeans. Her skin was pretty and just as I was studying her personal features, she turned her head around and looked at me. I turned to look at the traffic lights and noticed that I had been just on time to see the shift from red to green. I turned to look at the front and sped away. And when she's told that she's the soulmate of a man called the Dread General, her first response is to try to harm him physically. Then it's up to her to bring the royal families together and prevent war while struggling not to like the Dread General Rois. . When she discovered that the production of music in any form, from any instrument, was an art she failed at completely, she had been crushed. It was a click in her soul that told her she found exactly what she was meant, what she was made to do. She lost boyfriends to her love for dancing, she lost chances to have fun with friends to competition, she surrendered an easy life for one of bruises and sore muscles. Through all of that, she listened to music. There was an entirely new world of dances that opened up to her. That was mostly a dare from a few dancer friends that turned into a friendly competition between them until they realized just how difficult and beautiful pole dancing could be. And her single minded love of dance, the very thing that made her so attractive in the first place, drove them away again. Those two were the only true friends she had in the world, and they were closer than siblings. They fit each other perfectly. He liked elevating her to new heights and she liked that he didn't have an ego. There was just something about her that was otherworldly in a beautiful way. Waverly was uninterested in such things, hence the earbuds. Dancers weren't always a big group and she knew most of the people here. Winning nationals would keep them in food and shelter for another four months. Not only to get a chance to fulfill her dreams, but to have a dream at all. Since she didn't feel like waiting an overly long time, she decided to go to the second, smaller one. She wished her luck and meant it. However, she could still touch and smudge it. She grabbed one of the coarse, brown paper towels so she could begin trying to fix it. Cid was going to kill her. It filled the sink quickly and began sloshing over the sides. It wasn't even her fault. It was freaky. Then they narrowed. It burst through the surface, dark blue and dripping, reaching for her. The girl stayed behind to warn others of the geyser just beyond the door. Cid was going to kill her for taking such little care of herself. It came as no surprise to Waverly either; this theater wasn't exactly new. Now she couldn't get that voice out of her head. Still, it was very hard to convince her brain that what she saw wasn't, in fact, true. She was going to sleep the entire plane ride back home and eat a big meal tonight. There was nothing like an alarming hallucination to make you rethink your choices. However, before he could get started, their number was called. The smooth and practiced moves as she flowed from one form and into another was how she found peace. Once the dance ended and there was that horribly long wait for the results, the nerves would be merciless. Even when he was twirling her round, moving her through the air, or dipping her back, nothing else existed. Just the dance. Painters must be lost to the color, musicians to the sound, and dancers existed only in the movement. All eyes were on Waverly as they were meant to be. She wanted people to look at her move and then try to replicate her actions. Her body struck its final pose, holding it with deceptive ease, as the music ceased with one final, triumphant blast. He loved being part of it, helping her make it into art. In return, he brought her hand to his lips and kissed her fingers gently. He could see it in the brightness of her eyes, in the way her body still looked tensed to dance more. That wasn't a bad thing, but she wouldn't be a model. There was strength and beauty to her body, an inherent sensuality that called to to all people of every gender and orientation. To see Waverly perform it was to blur the lines between sex and dance and to make real every man's fantasy. Invariably, they all ended up mistaking her dance, the passion with which she danced, as for passion for them. To be honest, Cid couldn't even imagine such a man. They always gave more during performance and they wanted to make sure that they hadn't pushed a muscle too far. She had never felt body shy around these people. She didn't want it too loud or groovy, it would only make her want to dance again and obviously she needed a break. In her head, she was going over her routine. But it gave her something to focus on and help her do better for the next dance. All she saw were dancers either dressing or undressing and the only thing she heard was her music, sweet and clear in her head. No longer thinking completely rationally, Waverly ripped the buds from her ears and tossed the entire device into her bag. She was certain that, in a moment, she was going to reach out and grab for her again with her disturbingly blue hand. Just hold on"! And what about Gramma and Grampa? See, he isn't running out of money. there we have it folks, a prologue. Flawless Storm. She isn't worth the stress. I am not punk. Well, to an extent anyway. I hate him. Reciprocating monomials? Only a few more months. To be caught staring at him would be mortifying. That crush hasn't disappeared. She's still at the stage where she alternately wants to go to grad school to avoid the real world and go to the real world to avoid writing another paper ever again. She wastes so much time looking for them that she doesn't have time to shave, which really just annoys her. They never run out of things to talk about but tonight, they do. ), sending both of them scurrying for the car in the hope of staying somewhat dry. When their eyes meet, neither one of them can hold back their laughter. If it's the choice between a dramatic, romantic date or a fun time with him, she knows exactly which one she would choose. But this… This is the kind of disaster only someone who really can't cook could create. She uses a couple of words he has never heard come out of her mouth and then turns, freezing when she sees him in the doorway. He leans back enough to look down at her with a smile. He knows how his father reacts whenever his sister brings a man home. More importantly, he notices that her father hasn't rushed forward to introduce himself. She's relatively independent to begin with, and he certainly doesn't expect her to do things for him when he can do them for himself. Even though their pay checks aren't really equal, that doesn't really matter in the grander scheme of things. She needs his help, and she knows that sometimes he needs hers just as much. she says in confusion. It isn't that they haven't discussed it a little, like most couples do once they reach a certain point, but that conversation didn't prepare her for this. There really is only one answer. Bargaining with her best friend, as terrifying as she might be, will be nowhere near as hard as hunting all over the campus trying to find her. It's worth it because, in Caroline's words, she makes him happy. He can't really say no to Rachel either when he gives her that same innocent look and asks if he minds picking up their son from soccer practice. So when he sends her to ask Rachel, he isn't entirely surprised when Rachel gives him a wry look over their daughter's head as she tells their daughter that no, she can't have ice cream because dinner is soon. When he asks what attracted her notice, she isn't quite willing to embarrass herself a second time by giving him the predictable answer. He laughs at that. Before he knows it, he reaches the other side of the room and has her in his arms. So he just holds her because he isn't sure what to say, and he can only hope that this will be enough. When he doesn't mind her sitting in his lap even though he's in the middle of watching whatever game he happens to be watching. He knows that she sits on his lap more to watch the game herself than to distract him from it. And that is plenty good enough for her. But that's a minor concern in light of her realization. she grumbles from behind her hands. Right? Or… care enough to pick up on it. Boys can be notoriously oblivious sometimes, and there's an inverse relationship between how much education a man has and how many signals he is actually able to pick up on from the opposite gender. She laughs again instead of trying to analyze it. Rachel always says, brushing it off like it isn't important because to her, it's only a matter of time before the two most important people in her life become lifelong friends. So when Rachel leaves them at the table by themselves while she goes to the restroom, he asks. he insists. But even when she makes time for Caroline, the tension is still there. She just doesn't know his… long term plans. They haven't been dating all that long, after all. Somehow that answer is more reassuring than any she could have imagined. he asks. It isn't really the kind of thing you would think an architect would take interest in, but she doesn't complain. Usually he finds something much better to do with her mouth than argue with him. And now they're getting married. What if they're rushing into things? Her other friends squeal and jump up and down and congratulate her, but even they seem surprised and look at her in disbelief from how quickly their relationship has developed. He always does. He just smiles and says something that she finds a little unbelievable in itself. Forget it. She just wants more than three hours of sleep in a row. In another few minutes, she hears him murmuring to their son, shushing him before he can wake up their daughter. Just for him. In the back of his mind, he knows it will though. All he plans to do is charge his phone enough to text her an apology and tell her that he'll call in the morning. She starts to pass him, but she stops next to him at the last moment. Despite that though, he can't help smiling slightly to himself as he turns off the lights and gets ready to go to bed. She turns to him with a polite smile. It had spurred a crush that has gradually increased with every fun fact she learns about him. Of course a third year grad student wouldn't want to be told something by an almost senior. she finally says lamely. Seven weeks later, they're dating, and seven months after that, they're engaged. He is the cause of all of her worries and troubles and stresses. Not when she doesn't know if he will make it out of surgery or not. Ethan is far too young to die, and their children are far too young to lose their father. He's twenty five and too old to be dreaming up things like soul mates and true love. ) I thought about telling you what order they go in, but one, I only have a vague sense of the order myself, and two, it doesn't really matter to the overall story. Let me know what you think of them and their story in a review! It took a second before I realized that I had actually done so out loud. It was cut off though when I caught him staring at me. The poachers always catch them when the moms not around, and my mom was hundreds of miles away. Hit me with your best shot. But then again smart and logical girls never dyed their hair bright green did they? I'm pretty sure your trust fund will be gone within a minute. I should have the first real chapter posted within the next two days. Finally, the italicized phrases under each chapter header doesn't belong to me, but belongs, rather, to Jewel, from her song  which this story is named after. Have a great Tuesday, and enjoy the story. At forty-two, he was at the height of his career. he asked again, just to make sure. he asked as he watched Jethro stand up. he teased lightly, and with that, Jethro slipped out Maxwell's office, and to where, Maxwell could not say. There must be at least thirty crumpled balls in his trash can and even more littering the ground, his bed, and even in the hallway. Consequently, Kent received a verbal lashing from her that he'd never experienced before – not even when he had accidentally broken her arm while they were playing baseball in gym or when he accidentally slammed her finger into his car door. He's sure that she will love it, or more preferably him when he gives it to her. They're copious, really, and it's a wonder that Leyton hasn't fallen for him yet when he can barely go a minute without wanting to see her. She's never groped him before, though he's made it clear that it perfectly ok, more than ok, actually. He writes as neatly as he possibly can, even though it still comes out in a dreadfully messy scrawl. Gunning the engine of his car, Kent pulls out of his driveway and into the street. Besides knowing her address, he remembers her telling him about how her mailbox always seemed to get run over when it wasn't the green monstrosity her mom had so tirelessly tried to get rid of. She'll meet him halfway and close the distance. But inserting Leyton into the picture turns everything around, and suddenly he's frozen to the spot. Derek won't annoy her like Kent does or cause her as many injuries. Granted, he caused at least three-fourths of those injuries, but still. . That's when she usually falls asleep. She doesn't want to feel like she owes anyone anything so she just doesn't ask. The sheer stillness and complete tranquility help put her to sleep, as not much happens this early in the morning. It's mostly because it's so loud – similar to the driver – but he's insisted on driving her so many places that it's a sound that she's now tuned into. It's easier that way, really. He can't go halfway, can he? And since it's hers, she's perfectly entitled to go down and get it, no matter what time of day it is. Only she won't be going very far today – just to her front yard and back. What she must look like to the neighbors, honestly. This was from Kent, after all. . He's surprised that he didn't run into a tree in the drive to and from Leyton's house. He hates how even though there's no future between them, his heart never ceases to flutter at the very thought of her. He's pretty sure that Leyton goes outside. He buries himself under his blankets. his mother scolds. Not that he was complaining, but it never seemed to help. Come outside. She may be rejecting him and he doesn't want to run into it. They're curled into that half-smile that she always seems to wear. Of course he'll take it all in stride, but it'll affect him more than she knows. Kent can smell her shampoo. After all, all she wrote under his greatest confession to her was to come outside. he says. For once he's getting a straight answer out of this girl. Just as Leyton lets out a quiet gasp, her phone rings. Kent loves her all the same. He taps her chin. *sighs* If I don't get another chapter of OF done sometime this week (which I'm working on), then this will be my Christmas gift to you. Walking in with sopping wet hair wasn't the thing to do. I was just going to let the paper soak in water, not thinking one bit, not one bit at all, and simply rest my mind. tired. Complete and absolute shit. No, that wouldn't be nice. Most likely. Have a two way, interactive conversation with me. Father could always just stop me on my way upstairs, as usual, glare at me harder than I could glare at him, and tell me to stop all this 'bullshit. I did mind them, in fact, but I still tried not to. Back to class. Lucky for her, the teacher didn't have to send out the search squad for poor, pitiful me. It had the usual information, of course - name, date, period, prompt - but it was otherwise empty. . She didn't smile much, but always talked to us students like we were people and not mindless teenage sheep. To make the mundane fun, or something of the sort. The date read for last year. Alternate assignments, constant glances, self-consciously stuttered phrases, special treatment. It was Spencer Danielson. Please review to indicate how I'm going, it'd be much appreciated! He drank. Make me fat! Though I would have preferred to sit in the shade somewhere, the insecure fear of sitting alone looking lost meant that I pressed on regardless of the temperature, winding through the rides and booths looking for someone I might vaguely recognize. I waved a pamphlet in my hand at my face in a desperate bid to cool down as I looked around. In a few months I would be leaving for college anyway, and I didn't particularly care where I finished my high school years. It was hard to tell through the bear head. When he turned back again my hand had already dropped to my side. The bear guy must have seen something in my face. I sighed. I wouldn't call buying a drink and turning round to find them gone 'disappearing'. The other three in the group had completely ignored the guy with us, and the brunette gave him enough attention to sneer at him before also ignoring him. Already I could feel intimidation wash over me. A few guys at the schools I had been to had the same caliber of looks as him and I had always steered clear of their paths, tending to find that if they so much as asked me for a pencil or the time my words word fall out of my mouth in the wrong order. All four girls were looking extremely excited suddenly. The feeling of embarrassment threatened to overwhelm me and I was suddenly thankful that my face was already red from sweating in the heat because I could not possibly get any redder. The pressure was only there for a second but my lips burned when he moved back and wrapped his arm around my shoulders. High school might suck for the next few months, but I had a feeling I would find a way to cope. Otherwise I hope you enjoyed reading it anyway. The possibilities are endless. Everybody liked him. But due to my outburst, he and his friends were all staring at me with shock. Yes, used to like him. But somehow, my legs were too wobbly to even take another step. I couldn't fight it anymore. Bowling? It's not as though I have to reciprocate the feelings that he has for me. What a guy! Being a sucker for sweet things like that, I kissed him. But the list of guys in my life didn't stop because of a stupid childhood crush. Sadly, he moved across the country leaving me with great memories. He really wasn't a good boyfriend, but I loved the thrill of dating a badass. So of course just like I did with the previous boyfriends, I moved on. So I again, dated around. BEEP! After a few seconds, I'm faced down on my pillow dreaming about how Brad left Angelina for me and now we're going to move into his humongous mansion along the beach. I open the door and hit him numerous times on the head. I walk back into my room and close the door. I go to the bathroom, shower, do my hair, make up, you know the works and head downstairs. Nobody knew what happened with us last year so we had to make sure it stayed that way. I says calmly. It was really weird when people said we were twins considering he was a year older than me. It was like there was something in the air, and it was not a good something. Because if it was, I for sure would've known about it. We get close to the school and he stops. But of course his attitude totally ruins everything. I said glancing down and pulling it down a little. And Ritchie Stevens was pretty cute. I turned around it was none other than that idiot, womanizing, best friend of my brother. But hell no! So review and tell me what you think! So, here it is. but I thought I ought to warn you up-front, since I appreciate that erotica isn't what everyone is looking for here. Like all writers I am a total review hound, so if you do have anything to say I'd be so grateful, and I always R&amp;R in return. . He should have been ordinary-looking, but instead he was charismatic and darkly sexy, and a number of the women there that afternoon were already watching him sideways from beneath their eyelashes. he had said. There were so many different kinds of people that took the subway, as if there was a new one every day, and my creative imagination would run wild. Pulling my bag tighter on my shoulder, I started to look for a way to get out of the crowd when the doors would open. He was tall and slightly intimidating, his large hand gripped mine so tightly that I couldn't pull away. The subway grew closer to my stop, I glanced nervously back at him. Despite the fact that I was standing on the platform outside of the train, he stood only a foot away from the subway. He had been wearing a black long-sleeved shirt and jeans under the coat. It was raining so hard, that I pulled the coat tighter. Sitting up, I realized I was too awake to go back to bed, and just got up. There really wasn't anything that would help me as far as figuring out who the owner was, and I sat down at the table across from it, sipping my coffee. To hide my face from someone who might do ill to me if they saw me with him. To protect me from the rain. The subway stopped at the next platform, and I tripped slightly as someone bumped into me. One of his arms still banded around my waist, holding me tightly as the subway shook. I had thirty seconds before the doors would close. Before I could make a sound, he leaned forward and kissed me. I stared in a daze as the doors started to close. I held a cup of coffee in my hands, and simply stared. With a resigned sigh, I washed out my cup and headed to my room to get ready for work. Letting my head lean back on the glass, I watched the people and tunnel pass by the window. My brain had exhausted scenarios of who he was, which only depressed me. He pulled the sliding door back to show the dividing room between the cars, which was empty of people for the moment, and slid the door closed behind us. I wanted to crawl into him, wrap him around myself so he could never slip away from me again. Feel free to leave a review and tell me how you think. And you may not see more for a while. Don't be afraid to be honest. That's why, even though her friend, Jane, demanded they go take a quick look at what all the fuss was about, Rachel was going to hide in the back and probably cramp an eye muscle from all the rolling the spheres were going to do. Rachel grumbled unhappily as she tried to duck behind other hopeful women so the video cameras wouldn't record her for the late night show. The women had formed an extremely long line that led upwards to the stage, and eventually disappeared inside the tent. The only problem in Rachel's mind was that they weren't human, and their love came in multiples. They had searched the universe hoping to find women to help them repopulate their species, and had all but given up until they found a tiny blue planet at the edge of the Milky Way. Until she remembered she hated attention. She was doing her own visual search of the crowd. She found that people were generally just selfish creatures. Rachel tapped Jane on her shoulder to get her attention. But she froze when she heard his deep voice. But it was his face that had struck Rachel dumb. He was quite simply, the most handsome man she had ever seen. Silently cursing herself for looking like a fool, she made her way back to the line. Jane handed hers over and he turned towards Rachel. His eyes were hawk-like in the way he took in everything around him. She shifted uncomfortably when she realized they had been holding everything up with their conversation. Unsure of what else to do, she decided to take a peek behind the second curtain and the back of the structure. Leaning in a little farther, she suddenly heard movement in the dim room. The kind of sound that made you want to hear it again. The shape of a man formed in the center of the room, although it was still so dark that Rachel couldn't be sure if she was imagining it or not. she responded in suspicion. There was a chair across from him that he nudged towards her with his foot. he said in a crisp, formal tone. Rachel watched the man in front of her suspiciously, waiting for his answer. The man's eyes seemed to catch her mental hiccup, and cocked his head to the side as he studied her mortification. Thinking about it made her begin to hyperventilate, and she took a few more calming breaths to get herself under control. Shunning crowds and social situations at all costs, Jane was one of her only friends. Jane always wanted to be in the middle of everything. the reckless moron, takes utmost pleasure in making Laika squirm. She may not know it, but their quarrels and bickering made his life a lot more fun. However, I have a few things that need to be stated. well I'll explain that once he gives his name. I hope you agree. Despite that joy I had and the crowds that followed me, I was very much alone. It was pointless to talk to him, especially since he wouldn't bother to even remember my name. My life sounded pretty good on the whole. I took a vow that I would get him to react, no matter what. I asked with no interest. Back then, I had a very stupid notion that men should look like men, not to mention sound and act like them too. I asked. Behind me I could hear a faint sigh of exasperation. Surprised at the bed which was horribly out of place, I moved across the plush, light gray carpet and grazed the sea of red with my fingertips. I wasn't going to admit it to him, but I did like the way the fabric felt. I inquired aloud. I went back to the living room in a huff, finding myself angry with him without a good reason. His hands lowered and sought refuge in his pants' pockets. That sissy is older than me? I couldn't find my voice to answer; I merely stood and walked out of his house. Was it some kind of reverse psychology or something? I guess it depends the overall reception I receive. Or green? I know this emotions often. Regret. I know what it means though. Well, purple means love. Hah, juicy. My appearance? With brown hair. And another thing. (Is it just me, or did that rhyme? James Montgomery. And I don't talk to him, I could though. I should begin my story. I was jumping for joy. . My mom was still not up. ), "That was my fault. I! Woo, okay, happy day. Yes, I'm aware I won't fully go back to sleep and in ten minutes that blasting will once again go off but for now my mind is thinking it won't and I'm going to enjoy my next few minutes of partial sleep. Normally happens a lot around this time of the year. This is October 19th and that is just bullshit Monday. My eyes are brown, like super dark brown and they are very doe like but not in the scary I looked surprised all the time but just big and most people call beautiful and dramatic. My body has curves and my ass is what I get most my attention from mainly because I really don't have much going on upstairs of my body, but it's ok because seriously if my boobs were huge on my small frame I would just look really weird. I put some lotion on my tan legs, slip on my white flip flops and grab my bag heading downstairs. He was actually which is really weird the best man at their wedding and gave my mom away, so see no hard feelings. It was definitely worth the wait of getting a car on my 17th birthday. And as I drive down the road to my best friend's house I just sing along. she smiles getting in my car putting on her seat belt as we drive off. And I know for a fact he has a major thing for my best friend. ' look. she pleads and I just look over at her with her hand to her chest begging with her lip poked out as far as she can get it making me laugh. I don't think they will ask me to diagram a sentence because, hello, it's English, you aren't supposed to diagram damn sentences like seriously. Not. My best friend who is nothing like his ex's or even his friends but she is also the only girl that makes him blush and stutter like an idiot. Review! I see it every day. I don't think so. Any person with a mind would not have invaded my private space in such a disrespectful manner! Exactly. Famous people, apparently. Except, it's not normal (even though my best friend constantly supports me) that I've never had a boyfriend or hooked up at a party. Okay, so maybe I was being a bit overconfident. And it doesn't help that I flirt shamelessly and then leave them dangling. I pretty much get a VIP pass for being BFF with Hail. I have no boys; I'm pretty sure she has three right now. We were all far more interested in what we were going to be wearing, and what everyone else was going to be wearing, and who actually had a date to a Stag dance? Hailey had just finished a bitching session about how we should have gotten  or , and how much more fun that would be, and shouldn't we get priority as seniors, and then some. I quickly shoved the hand away – only I was allowed to initiate the flirting – and turned to face my adversary. He tried the shoulder move and I daintily side-stepped and giggled at Hailey, who still looked like someone had done something absolutely astounding. Of course, being the person that I am, I played along, giggling again and fluttering my eyelashes. He totally fell for it, showing me, in further evidence, the stupidity of the male race. I really wasn't in the mood to play around too much today, lucky for him. His next movement pretty much confirmed this thought. Of course she would find it funny, standing there looking like a model in all her designer clothes, bangs pinned back elegantly and lightly made up eyes glittering with a rather malicious hilarity. I jumped back into reality as my mind began trailing down an awkward path. I sneered at him. I could just tell he wasn't one of those intuitive types that came up with witty retorts spontaneously. I had been waiting for his retort for hours now. God, his idiocy was rubbing off on me. He rebuilt his pride in a manner that pretty much screamed,  Well, I couldn't help but oblige. Too bad I didn't really care. I pulled myself out of my daydreams of popularity destruction so I could reply to Hailey. Why would I want him? She adjusted her bag over her shoulder as the bell rang and curved a finger at me. Ego is way too popular right now. God, I really am a pathetic freak. has been ingrained in my head since I was a fetus, really, and I haven't seen anything to disprove such a point. Going to parties, drinking, hooking up, having sex… Seriously, I'm a good kid. The whole being forced to the dance thing, though, not so much. We can't not watch the hot guy and amazingly lucky chick get together and have their moment of absolute bliss on the screen. I agreed with my parents on most points. She finished the look with dark purple nails. She would have tied me down had I put up any kind of fight. With the borrowed sassy hooker boots with buckles all the way up to the knees, even I could say that I looked very hardcore, and pretty hot. She'd just give me a look that told me how much of a pathetic loser I really was and then do her best to cheer me up by volunteering to teach me. Yeah, I did just quote that. I smiled, trying to keep the grimace from the corners of my mouth and Hailey scoffed openly. Hailey clarified it. She hadn't said anything about after parties and I'd just realized that now. Then maybe we'd be locked up here and unable to go to the dance. They always made me feel awkward and I couldn't really help but despise them due to such a fact. I really needed to grow a backbone sometimes. Not a very good one, I'll tell you. I immediately pitied him. He seemed to hold back whatever he wanted to say (I would have let it fly), and smiled passively at Hailey in return. He could actually be going to Homecoming. I felt like shooting myself. I shrugged. She looked up at me. Normally I just zoned out and let it all run over my head, or I gave my input when I felt it was necessary, which was rare. I turned, scowl on my lips. God, I was pathetic. Yeah, pretty laughable. I've spent the last half a year in London and I'm here til the end of July, and it's an absolutely wonderful and inspirational place. I will, however, be reposting my current stories (with more more editing done, although they are from perfect) here to see what the current fan base is, if any. . I leaned up against the wall, bracing myself for whatever ideas she would try to come up with to get me to go. I asked. I thought my display of sarcasm was exceptionally impressive. But the black shirt fit a little too nicely on me, the jeans too. I turned to go back in the bathroom and change. Nevertheless, I followed her out the bathroom to the mirror. She took in my expression and smiled. She rolled her eyes. Their mouths were moving, but I couldn't hear them over the pounding of the music. But here in a crowded teen dance club where people were—you know—concerned when people collapsed, it was different. Then I just started to wander aimlessly—still running into people, though. Instantaneously, my frown turned upside-down, into a sweet smile. Hm, he wasn't so bad-looking, either. Excuse me while I melt. Yeah, because that was going to be really easy considering that he was holding the cookie right in his hand. What if he could see right through my plan? I wanted him to think it tasted worse than elephant dung that's been lying in the sun for too long—not a little piece of heaven all molded and shaped into a little circle. Not that having him around still would exactly be a good thing, but you know what I'm saying. You're kidding. Absurd. We'd struck a deal, and I wasn't one to break my side of a bargain. . What if he were a cannibal? I mean, seriously, people. Clearly, he was madder than the Mad Hatter from Alice in Wonderland. No puncture wounds—not even teeth marks. An even larger sigh whooshed out of me with such gusto that I wouldn't have been surprised if a tornado had started right there in the club. He should have been embarrassed. I disclaim Alice in Wonderland and anything else you recognize. He killed out mother, you know". God, he was grounded for a long time after that one. Sure, it was a little unreasonable for me to blame him for missing the ending of the movie, but that night I just felt like it. A convenient form of entertainment. In fact, he'd only been my brother for about four years. It's a bit ridiculous that Jace is seventeen and still needing to sneak around to drink. I wonder if his choice of university's was at all affected by the family addition. Or lack of. Impressive, considering his state. I was forced to turn back after the deafening crash that followed. How he let himself consume this amount of alcohol was beyond me. Well, that was my logic, anyway. I would be proud of him, save the excessive partying. I replied, before hurrying up the stairs. Well, at least he wouldn't be hot anymore. I was the sister, not the mother. I was well versed in nursing Jace, who usually needed it at least once a weekend. But he commented on it, which cheapened the whole experience for me. At the time, he hadn't reacted much, and I assumed he didn't really care. I could say with certainty that if I were the type to go out and get smashed, he'd look after me in the same way, if sober. Poor dear. ? "? I gave him a sheepish grin. ! Don't look so shocked! happen to get into random fights. Pathetic, huh? But, no, his mother just had to force him to go to the park where she could chat with her friends. He would know; he was in her class. All she would do was burst into tears and Shane didn't mind that. He could see a woman taking her dog out for a walk, a couple of kids trying to build their very own castle with toys, and a man reading a newspaper. She was hardly noticing him, or even looking towards either Layla or him, so that was a good thing. It meant that he was holding all the power at the time. Shane rolled his eyes. Please, I have better things to do. ) that he thought she must have a particular glare reserved for him. So he took it and started reading it. What kind of secret dream was that? Or a lame attempt to, anyway. It meant he was irritating her successfully. If Layla hated the name so much, then he would always call her that. Meanwhile, all your friends would have graduated from college and will be taking on big jobs and you won't care, because you'll have your alcohol to give you company. If her lower lip trembled, it meant she was about to cry. ' Her voice quivered. But, thankfully, he managed. ' She angrily wiped her tears on the back of her sleeve. ' she said, practically wailing. They could do nothing but cry and scream all the time. She finally started crying. ' asked Shane, raising his eyebrow. ' cried Layla, taking a few steps back. Every time Shane and Layla were alone, they would start fighting and Layla would cry. Layla, honey, what happened? ' said Layla, pointing an accusing finger towards him again. I was just sitting and reading my book when he came up to me and purposely started irritating me,' complained Layla, stamping her foot angrily on the grass. Layla glared right back at him. It isn't a very long chapter but this is the way it's supposed to be. Sigh, how I wish I was ten again. I really am sorry. She watched him start to cry and run out; that was when it all started. The little boy tugged on her arm, stopping her in her tracks. She sat impatiently as her mom finished putting her long, brown hair into a side ponytail, tying it up with a purple bow to match her new party dress. Her mom had found her and told her it was time for cake soon. Nick looked away, a pink flush appearing on his cheeks. Before it could hit her, Nick jumped in front her and dragged her away, a large brown spot adorning his shirt. They shrieked with laughter, and a cake fight between the two soon ensued. Tianna was a very pretty girl, and Nick didn't want any of his friends anywhere near her alone. Nick was one of the tallest boys in his grade, and one of the most popular, so it wasn't really a good idea to get on his bad side. he cajoled, flashing a smile at her. She held her hand out for the packet, and he laughed, slinging an arm around her shoulders and pulling her against him. she smiled, before they ran on stage. The boys were actually very good performers, and they had the crowd jumping and screaming at the top of their lungs. Hands shot out to try and touch him, and while he brushed his hand against everyone else's fingertips, he held onto her hand and squeezed it, smiling softly before letting go. he asked, pointing me out. she informed the crowd, who were all rather amused as they watched the two bicker. He caught it on video camera and felt the need to not only show it to all of his friends, but played it repeatedly the night before they left as well as burning her a copy of her own. He promised to call her anyway; she'd been waiting all day and hadn't heard from him. She jumped up excitedly, punching in the number she knew by heart. She was really happy for him though; she couldn't deny that she was proud of him. The last thing she remembered was drifting off to sleep to the faint chords of her favourite song. She tiptoed out of her bedroom, peeking out into the living room to see his familiar head of shaggy brown hair, his 6"2 frame bent over his guitar and his green eyes shining with concentration as he strummed the chords as if he'd played them his whole life. This was what she got for giving him a key to her apartment; he could get in whenever he wanted. she mumbled. he said, tucking a piece of dark brown hair behind her ear, his fingers lingering on her skin. she whispered, before closing the distance between them. She pressed flush against him in retaliation, tugging on a lock of his hair, smiling when she felt him gasp. She smiled, kissing behind his ear, laughing lightly when she felt him shiver. Especially my characters Nick and Tianna, so don't touch. Not Anna, she was more attached to us than ivy to a chain link fence. She claims she is just going to start up her singing career, fat chance. We need her love just as much as the next wailing child. She reminds me of one. I don't care about what you think anymore. I love her, I would jump for joy. But that isn't really fair, he has far deeper issues than my mother. I spit on that. It's asshole Adrian day, and if you are lucky you can get a two for one sale price. Instead I have canceled all my calls from him and ignored any attempt at contact whatso ever. Another hour has past before my nerve starts to go up. Before anymore time goes by; my mother looks at me, her eyes studying my face for a brief glance, back to the road, back to my face. I won't see my mom every day. My sister and her golden blonde curls bouncing waves by and walks into the building. fun. If you don't like that I moved it tough cookies, I am not going to flip back and forth from account to account, and this way I will (OMG YES) actually update it. I basically just acted on the spur of the moment and hoped I didn't die in the process. . He was the first person I told I was gay, the first person to tell me he already knew, the first person to let me stay with him when my parents kicked me out, the first person I fell in love with, and he was also the first person I knew that died. He'd just smile and tell me about how many virgins he'd get to bang in heaven for being such a good boy while he was alive. Before he died, he made me promise to do his for him. I guess I was focusing on the small things because I didn't want to actually fill it out. I'm glad he had gotten rid of 'go to the red-light district in Amsterdam. 5inches. No. The amount of noise was limited to typing. I quickly picked it up. It was the last thing and probably the only thing he ever asked me to do. I would have to get used to it. I wasn't sure what was an appropriate age. I didn't really want to hear the guy laugh at me. I breathed suddenly feeling like I had grown roots and had attached myself to the floor. I could tell he didn't really want to be asking the questions. It wasn't against the law to tape me if I had agreed to it. That way I wouldn't fail him. I was actually pretty reserved normally. :D I really hope this works out. Can he make Cecil believe he's worth more than a human punching bag? Please inform me if you see any copies of my work on FictionPress or anywhere else. It was early morning, and in the city that never sleeps, that meant crowded sidewalks and loud honking as Cecil made his way to the diner he worked at. Cecil made the mistake of once placing a thick slice of chocolate cake in his locker, only to come back at the end of the day and find it gone, the container sitting idly in the trashcan in Mr. Abrahams office. A blonde, heavyset old man called to him as he entered the kitchen. Cecil wondered how long it would take Jorge to figure out that there was no such thing. He just didn't do anything about it. And brush his teeth. He hated spending any more time than was necessary at home. It was like an unspoken deal: Cecil wouldn't point out that Jorge wasn't anywhere near attaining the American Dream, and Jorge said nothing about the fact that Cecil spent more time at the diner than at home. Cecil preferred the latter. Living at home would do that to you. Cecil poked his head in the bathroom to check for food in between his teeth, then headed out to the floor, a fake smile plastered on his face. Just as he didn't care how they were doing. They'd probably hadn't had American food in a while. He had to pee. Brandon didn't ever come to the diner unless Cecil had done something to upset him. Which was why Cecil had yet to be transferred to another home. And knowing him, it wasn't good. Cecil's mood almost lifted, until he realized that he had to go and face Brandon. Probably wasn't worth mentioning either, or Brandon would find some sick way to make Cecil suffer for it. And it was dark, Cecil noted, just fucking perfect. Maybe there was an extra pair somewhere. The same superior, smug look was on his face, piercing blue eyes staring haughtily back at him. Scared that he wouldn't be able to find pants and would have to walk around with a large dark stain on the front of his pants. Cecil always kept a few containers of concealer and foundation with him wherever he went, for situations like these. Also, if you see any spelling/grammar mistakes, let me know. It wasn't that Andrew was a bully. For some reason that makes him even more loved, something that drove Drew to a more insane anger. He didn't want to have what Chase had, he wanted more then what Chase had. Drew let a laugh die on his lips from a friends joke and smirked at a silently raging Chase. Game plan was going smoothly. He really picked a bad week to quit smoking. She was much like her brother without a few major trademarks; smoking, caustic sarcasm, and the mouth of a sailor. For the looks of it, they were playing cards. Nick quickly leaned behind her to talk to Drew. More importantly, he was a good man many of the team respect and few who knew of what Drew was up to. Everything was going on perfectly. He was too shy and truthfully, was too respectful of Chase to do so. She had watched her brother grow up and not once did she think there was something between him. He broke of with Chasity's gentle eyes following him. Drew smiled a genuine happy smile. Running on foot was limited to two miles a day and after that he was only allowed on a special machine allowing minimal impact on his knee. There had been no words with his dad since, something Chase found he didn't mind. Going to school was much more trying then it seemed and he was thinking of quitting. She could tell though that this wasn't it. As far as Rain knew, Chase never called Drew by his actual name. He disappeared beneath a car first chance he got and didn't come up for air. As far as old men go, Tony was not one to tamper with. He was halfway through when the water shut down. He had never told Chasity where he worked because he knew soon his parents would too. He doesn't get to glare long when Nick breaks the intense silence. Chase gave a small smile and Drew felt his heart melt at the sight. He winked and got toothy grins from both his friends. Drew prepared himself for a chewing out as he approached Chase. Drew doesn't try and figure it out. It was funny in an ironic way. He was always like this with Drew. Finally Chase glared at him. Chase was relieved, glad he was leaving but Drew just stood in front of him. Maybe this was just growing up; people just get more maturity. He was sure they would start sniping about it and right now, well it was kind of nice not fighting for a change. Sure enough he found familiar van shoes under his car along with a voice singing a song. Either way suits Drew fine. Chasity had Nick. He did have to get up early tomorrow. Chase didn't say anything back but wondered why on earth they were suddenly talking to each other at school. Instead he decided to clear his head by going for a morning jog. Feeling curious, Drew went down and followed the vent to the locker room where a steamy mist was rising off of the showers. He decided he had ogled Chase enough and cleared his throat. Drew felt a tiny bit of annoyance that Chase was still referring to him by his last name. It was good because he was tired of getting up at the crack of dawn to take showers at the school. Chase willfully ignored him. He grabbed his bag and headed out, aware Drew was behind him. It was enough so Drew leaned forward and pressed his lips against Chase's. Chase cried out and pushed Drew away, thinking that he was enjoying that a little too much. Drew kissed around Chase's jaw ling enough before Chase moved away from him and the wall. He'd take that to closed-up-and-locked-up-tight Chase any day. Blowing a soft stream of air over the exposed flesh, Drew was delighted when he heard Chase's breath catch. Drew noticed this and went in towards Chase's lips, pressing his tongue in. He couldn't believe he had managed to make out with Chase Lason. It was to foreign and fuzzy for him to understand. Now Drew dropped the bomb. Jolted by his feelings, Drew shook Chase by the shoulders hard. It was getting to the same frustration he had the day Drew kissed him which was much needed. Finally Chase spoke. Finally, Drew pushed Chase against the wall hard, leaving Chase startled. Drew kissed him again forcing his tongue in Chase's mouth. Chase was so shocked by the sudden change of emotion from Drew he almost shoved him away. Drew was already in the car thinking of a way to sabotage that plot. Drew could see Chase was having a hard time not breaking down and running away, and he respected him for standing his ground. He didn't get too close however, almost like he was afraid of Jason jumping up and beating on him. Jason's eyes peeked open and at first he saw Drew before seeing a very wide eyed Chase. Rain found it strongly amusing how Drew and Chase acted towards each other. Rain had held a crying Chase that day. Chase had noticed this and it was the only reason he didn't beat the shit out of Drew. He would never hear the end of it if Rain found out. Chase didn't like that tone of voice. Within a minute, Chase is being pinned to a wall with Drew's tongue in his mouth. It was almost lust in those eyes, something Chase was terrified of. Drew attempted to pull of the shirt and was glad when Chase allowed it. Drew quickly came up to him and pressed him into a demanding kiss. Chase watched him and lifted an eyebrow. Chase didn't have time to make it out before Drew was behind him, sucking on his neck. Drew knew that if Chase really didn't want what was coming up, he would stop him. Chase's hands immediately went up. He deftly undid the button and pulled them down before Chase noticed he was being undressed. Drew pushed Chase back, letting his knees fall on the bed before Chase fell back. He seemed to sense this and put his hands on top of Drew's, fidgeting slightly. He wanted to wrap his arms around Drew but found his hands locked in a tight grip. Chase gasped and moaned, trying to break free of Drew's hands but it didn't work. Chase felt something trace along his back in a set pattern and knew what was going on. Drew was effectively perfecting his ambition of turning Chase into a whore for him. Chase's breath faltered and he started to feel his heart beat irregularly. Instead Chase got to feel a hot muscle invade him in the most private of areas. He held it tight, trying to ground himself from Drew's onslaught. In one fluid motion, Drew sunk into the tight hot body that belonged to Chase. Drew smiled and repeated his earlier actions getting the same result. Still he held out, because for all of the erotic moans and gasps coming from Chase, he had yet to sing his name. That was hot all by its self. He kept thrusting though, fighting off his growing orgasm and tugged harshly on Chase's cock. He collapsed on Chase, trying to regain his breath but taking in the scent of Chase and the sex he just had with the person he most wanted. Chase melted into the kiss, finding comfort in Drew's warmth. Drew chuckled slightly. Not in the least. I loved Joey. And serene. He giggled. Mom said, a tad exasperated. He nodded but kept his gaze on Mom. Do NOT plagiarize. We can't be in a confined space with each other with out arguing which is why i can't figure out why we keep hooking up. Also this chapter is third person and Jimmi is a girl. She returned the kiss as much as possible considering it was the first time she had ever kissed anyone besides her mommy and daddy. or leave it in a review wink wink! However, I've kept my dad's name so I won't be mobbed and asked about autographs. But with my departure nearing, they had started to become more and more nervous. Finally, I succumbed to my desperate need of sleep. He asked and I simply nodded. the driver informed me. It took awhile before I found the guidance office and when I finally succeeded in doing so, I was lucky enough to find that I was the only one there. She turned to look at me and smiled. Almost Amber in color, even his eyes are piercing blue that I could see, even from where I was standing. His brown short hair was flat against his head and his gray eyes looked energized. Emphasizing, why I felt so stupid for not knowing that that guy was him. I repeated confusedly. My parents also loved his music my dad must be around the same age as him. She slipped on her black converse and stuffed the laces beside her ankles instead of tying them properly. She peered at the clock on the wall and groaned inwardly. Erika nodded. But Erika didn't move. He had floppy black hair and grey eyes, a pale complexion and his bottom lip pierced. They all entered the same classroom with Tiffany not far behind, and Erika placed herself at the back between Taylor and Adrian. Her head turned to her instantly. That's when she realized that none of her friends had spoken throughout that lesson, when usually they would always be testing the teacher's patience. Amanda grinned. she smiled. This story writing wasn't all that bad, but it took alot of imagination. She shrugged, despite the nagging curiosity in the back of her mind, and quickly scanned the contents of her contacts list. She was probably at Taylor's house now. We'll get Joey to meet you halfway, yeah? She marked on her page 'Complete' before closing the book, and then turned off the computer before collecting her papers from the printer. But, by tomorrow, she knew it would be gone. Enjoy! After all, it was Reid's turn to cook tonight, and that was definitely something to look forward to. My big brother, Danny, had gotten engaged to his girlfriend a few months back, so of course that was what she was rattling on about. she started to continue, but I cut her off with a swift jab of my finger as I deleted the message. It was her fault, not mine. he insisted, leaning over to kiss my cheek. I asked. With a machete. Exasperated, I caught both his hands in mine and held them firmly. I purposely turned my head, trying to muster as much resolve as possible to just say no, and refused to look back at him. For crying out loud, he wouldn't even leave me alone when I had mono! Hopefully he'd eventually come around and get the point. How both of those things ended up happening, I have no idea. Using the word was hard. Now he knew that if the word got out, everything would change. So he bit his lip and waited in the tree-less parking lot, under the blazing Texan sun, with the air-conditioner on max. They'd taught each other how, after all. They understood each other too well to hate for longer than that. Shared guilt is a strong bonding-agent. But by then, the damage would be done. That's why Alex had his own car - even if it was only a '92 Cavalier - and Bobby didn't. Slurpee, in case Alex were to change his mind and want some later, after all. West Texas even more so. Which meant that Bobby was drinking a lot of Slurpee. Or if not , at least the . A lot of things were suddenly different, since Alex applied  to himself. At least that was something, whatever happened. It meant that all those incredibly dirty thoughts that Bobby was having about girls - Alex was having about boys. love you, in fact. He jumped up in an attempt to get to the bathroom, but didn't make it, and ended up on his hands and knees in front of the television, retching onto the linoleum. Knowing that Alex was gay was making Bobby throw-up. His  disappeared in a flash of realization: not going to happen. So much for . Very bad. But they didn't say a word, and were obviously going to great pains not to even acknowledge the other's presence. A huge relief, and one that Alex wasn't really expecting. Bobby met him at the door, but didn't even say . he said, nodding at it. . Just go somewhere and walk and talk, or sit and talk, or whatever - and talk. The entire day. Of course. but at least it was something. he had to have heard Alex's footsteps on the steel grating, hadn't he? What? A kind of innocence had been lost. inappropriate. An awkward silence ensued as both of them stared off over the town. . Not until he'd used the word. . Might as well move on. By now, only the streetlights were still lit. It wasn't something that could be taken back. And Bobby knew why. . Despite everything. fuck it. . Not once did he turn to look back at the child that he had given life to eight long years ago. Not even if he came back. This is where her story ends and mine begins. I shot a glance down at my clothes, I didn't think they were that bad; band t-shirts and jeans never hurt anyone. and that's only because the money is good. . They even had the noses to go with it. I had to contain another snort. I hurried down the rest of the driveway, only stopping to pick one of the marigolds lining the side of the driveway and tucking it behind my ear. The house that I shared with my step dad was around halfway down the street, but I couldn't pick out which one because it looked exactly the same as every other house. I try to avoid them as much as possible, for obvious reasons, and–seeing as how the attic is the only room with a lock on the door, other than the bathrooms and Gary's room–I claimed it for my own. A day later the Shaldings had hired me to tutor their child, and they recommended me to several of their other friends with younger children. The tutoring paid well and it was something that kept me out of the house, that's all that really mattered these days. Gary finding out that I was at home and not up in my room would be almost as bad as the apocalypse. Easing my way down the hallway and slipping through the open door into the spotless kitchen I hummed the James Bond theme song in my head. However, the rest of the rooms Gary forced me to clean so he could keep up appearances. My right foot was on the bottom stair when the sounds of drunken slurring from the couch reached my ears; Gary was awake. I took my foot off the stairs and spun to face the door to the living room. He didn't even look at me he just kept his unfocused eyes trained on the television screen. With obviously laboured efforts he managed to tear his gaze away from the screen and try to lock onto my body that was undoubtedly wavering in his vision. He was off the couch and had me pinned against the wall in a flash. My eyes widened and my attention switched from his hand on my wrist to his lower arm cutting off my air. He just sneered at me before resuming his position on the couch and staring mindlessly at the television screen. Only when it seemed that I had completely cried myself out did I hiccup and raise my head from the pillow. Gary and his band will just have to suffer with something regular tonight. except maybe Gary. I had gathered all of them together on the counter beside a fairly large pot and was about to open the first can of soup when the expiry date on the top of the can caught my eye. I pushed the painful memories of my mother's warm smile into the back of my mind; instead I headed back into the pantry to retrieve the dried pasta. Another thirty seconds yielded another two packets, this time under a small sack of flour. There was only one coherent thought running through my mind as I frantically stirred the Alfredo sauce into the pasta; shit. Very boney. I worked faster than ever as I popped the caps off five beers and set them down on the tray before darting back out into the dining room. However, Brian, the band's lead singer, stood in my way with a sadistic grin on his face. My eyes traveled over the faces of the other band members. My eyes returned to Brian, sadly the most sober of them all, when he began to speak again. I tore my eyes away from the reflection and spat once more before leaving to go up to my room before I left the house for the night. I winced slightly before continuing up to my room. From underneath my bed amidst dust balls and old granola bar wrappers I managed to pull out a pair of old black flip flops and shoved them onto my feet. After that it was easy as pie; all I had to do was shimmy down till I reached the bottom. But, I had a perfectly good reason to be hiding in the elevator. And we all know that he is afraid of elevators, so I figured this would be the perfect place to hide. Have you ever had one thought that led to another thought that led to another thought and eventually you were thinking of nothing related to the first thought. It had a list of annoying things in an elevator. I had to bite my cheek to keep from smiling. Eventually, as we were nearing the man's floor, he bent down and picked it up. I decided to laugh. Finally her eyes snapped to my face and opened her mouth to say something. I think she got off faster than the nervous man did. At first I was a little disappointed, but then I realized that I could still have some fun. Cool. I smiled at her. Most of them walked away shaking their heads, but one woman stood there with her jaw open. I wondered what she was doing on the floor above ours. I hid my smile as best as I could as he hit the 6th floor button. Two floors to go. He smiled at me as he entered and my stomach fluttered a little. He furrowed his eyebrows. He winked at me and stepped beside Short. I shrugged and gave it back. Ryan and I laughed and the elevator went up. I never knew anybody could kiss the way Ryan was kissing me then, and I didn't want anybody besides him to do it. You'll be able to find it somewhere on the internet. That being said, please enjoy! The colder weather drove TJ indoors and now he tended to slip inside any place that had a few empty tables and coffee available. It was easy enough to get there and TJ didn't mind travel in the city, but when he arrived, it didn't seem like the invitation he'd been offered was remembered. He leaned his head back on his shoulders and stared up through his brown bangs as he tried to recall if he had another pack on his kitchen counter or not. She and the two girlfriends she'd gone out with had made brief use of the small, crowded dance floor until things had gotten a bit out of hand. Never before could she recall herself crying over something as stupid as a disrespectful guy crossing such obviously stated boundaries, but there she was, reaching up with her free hand to wipe her fingers under her eyes and thankful she'd worn waterproof mascara. Her mutter came across clearly despite the loud traffic and sounds of the city and his brows rose briefly in amusement until he came to realize she was crying. Had she truly expected to stumble out onto a city street and be alone? he offered, though stopped himself from continuing as he rolled his eyes at his typical 'grown-up' remark in regard to her choice of clothing for that cold evening. She didn't recognize him at all and could only assume him to be a random occupant at the bar that night, taking a few moments for a cigarette break. She was still quite obviously upset. It wasn't a heavily trafficked avenue of the city, but the occasional taxi did make its rounds in hopes of scamming a car full of drunken college students who were too intoxicated to realize they were overpaying their fare to get back to the dorms. Didn't she know any better? He'd been having just as poorly a time. She had no idea who this man was, but was in no state of mind to care. she suddenly began, her brows knitting in frustrated confusion,  she paused before allowing the alcohol to continue leading her rather verbal conversation starter, tripping momentarily as they walked,  She looked to him, expecting agreement. she contemplated to him aloud, wiping her drying eyes once again before her boot slid on a patch of icy slush and she managed to grab his arm to steady herself. He looked out to the street in search of a cab, sighing at the lack of a yellow vehicle anywhere. The girl was struggling, however, and he couldn't allow her to wander around alone. . There was no point in taking the subway from the school when he already had a cab. she commented, presumptuously. he asked a little uneasily, low enough for the cab driver not to overhear in case he though of kicking them out to be safe. she added, her compliment a bit slurred. he mused, though felt the driver's stare on him in the rear-view mirror and left it at that. she trailed off and finally lifted her head from his shoulder, opening her eyes halfway to watch him for an introduction. Again, it was the alcohol. TJ assured her as he handed over the fee for the cab. She hurried a bit over to the curb, careful in the slush with her heeled boots and stepped up onto the sidewalk as she folded her arms over. Unlike Natalie, TJ hadn't been lucky enough to have more than a single drink and had he, he might be a bit more fun at the moment. she laughed. -and at that very school! This was quite different. With her looks, she wouldn't have to buy herself a thing. . . A large city bus passed them doing a steady thirty beside the curb where she had attempted to step and he sighed heavily. she added in a lower voice and with an ever-present smile before she turned to step off the curb after properly looking both ways. It wasn't a lie in any form; teacher by day and writer by night as well as weekend and holiday, TJ Miller was a published author (though as it stood merely in magazines and newspapers). There wasn't much of a walk left, but it would be nice to offer them. Though almost every New Yorker was sick of snow by then, Natalie had yet to get her fill. The worse the weather, the worse the traffic and when it was congested, it was harder to get around. She was probably a rather nice girl when sober (she was pleasant when drunk, even). he asked awkwardly. he whispered gently with a growing smile. he began, his smile turning to a light grin. His arm brushed hers and he simply waited for a reaction, curious if she was merely a drunken flirt or she found herself as strangely attracted to him as he found himself to her. she commented casually. Of course this motion should have been followed with an observation of her forehead, but all too quickly his attention shifted over her features and soon, her lips. He knew his boundaries, but this girl wasn't his student (technically) and she hadn't at all said a thing about his age. No sooner had he thought it had he leaned down and lightly pressed their lips together. Though part of him nagged that she was drunk, he didn't think any harm could come from a kiss. She parted her lips against his, withdrawing altogether for a teasing moment of hushed laughter and then leaned further into the kiss than she had been before. Her playful nature drove him crazy and the hand at her chin slid gently behind her head as he guided her head to tip aside and he proceeded to deepen the kiss gently. she whispered with the faintest of surprised yet disappointed smiles. he added as he looked back to her and lifted an arm to hold the door open for her instead. Letting herself into her apartment, she only had to walk a few feet to reach her own room and having left it unlocked, she stumbled a bit inside and simply collapsed onto her bed with a content sigh. When the doors slid back open, the student at the desk eyed him curiously and he hid his smile as he left the building in silence. Go figure. How hard could it be to find another apartment, right? I entered the apartment and slammed the door behind me. He said lamely. I'm flaky that way. I couldn't deny him the upgrade, but boy I was sure making it hard on him. Anyway, back to Kaya. Long story short: I love Kaya, but she's a diva. She and Kaya got along fine, but we always butted heads. . Her parents absolutely adore me (parents are like that with me) and I enjoy them immensely, not to mention the free food. Actually, I change my story every time someone asks what I do for a living, I'm not sure anyone knows the truth. Especially with Aaron, he doesn't deserve my brattiness or my problems. Sue me. I looked up and my mouth dropped open. His black eyebrows were arched and as I watched he nervously ran his hand through his glossy, neat black hair. Embarrassingly enough, it took me a minute to find my voice for an answer. I prodded. Across from me, he fidgeted and shifted in his seat. My Coffeemate leaned across the table and looked at the paper. I continued in a huff. . What could possibly go wrong? Enjoy! That's a little too much. I couldn't find a job and have pretty much became nothing but a bother to him, well he doesn't say that but I know he's thinking it. I quickly glanced over at Davey, who was smirking at me. I flipped him off as I got to the stairs and he laughed. I asked, tossing my reading glasses on the kitchen table. I said, crossing my arms. I asked, pointing between me and him. he said, walking after me and smiling when he cornered me on the third step. I mumbled. I said to myself. I sighed and leaned back against my chair, desperately trying to drift off to sleep. A single spotlight was directed on to the curtain where all of the models had came out of and the curtain was slowly pulled away to reveal her. Everyone was in a complete trance, even though she was only wearing a swimsuit, not even a full piece. he shouted, as he cupped his hands around his mouth. he chuckled, throwing his left arm over my shoulder. I yelled after him. I ignored him as she continued talking. Almost as if she had lost all of her charisma and this was just a shell of the girl who walked across that stage an hour ago. I didn't know what she wanted from me and I didn't think I would ever see her again but for this fleeting second, for this moment in time where someone like her noticed someone like me, she had complete control and I didn't have a problem with that. Thanks for reading! If I were to go back to the house that I grew up in I'd still be able to show you my intricate anatomical painting of the human body, painted on the ceiling with the belief that I would someday become the world's best doctor. As soon as I regained my balance, I was clawing at her face, managing to tear the pearl necklace from her body as she screamed uncontrollably. Tried and true, he was a teacher at my school who I'd never had the displeasure of learning from. No different than any man in my life before him, he thought I was a prize to be had. For all I knew, not a single person gathered around the table cared about me as more than the trophy that I was. I have scrapped it all and am going back through it from the beginning. He is a teacher at her school, but I felt it personally necessary to make this change. I honestly had no idea why somebody would move their kid from London over to a small town in northern Montana, but hey, who was I to judge? I remain indifferent to gossip because my mum always told me gossiping was the worst thing to do, and I hated the idea of letting her down. Unfortunately, I also have an obsession with chipping the polish off, so it never lasted more than a few days. She continued. Anyway, enough about the origins of my name. I just don't like to be noticed. I rarely put much effort into my appearance – the first day of school was an occasion where I was willing to, though. I wasn't a superstitious person or anything, but I'd had the necklace forever and I liked wearing it. When my dad comes down in the summer he works on it with me, and he's a real car fanatic. I cursed under my breath. I was her lesser-known sidekick. I don't even know why the school bothered with those rules, though, because nobody ever followed them. We spent most of the summer lying on the cool ground down there, cherishing the coldness of it. I loved the sprawling landscape, the ancient, rusted farm machines, the people I've known since I was a child. Vincent's last words were . But still, I couldn't allow myself to want anything less. He quickly fell in my favourite-teacher-rankings. I usually wasn't so easily distracted. We'd look like such creepers, just talking about him randomly. I couldn't help but laugh uncontrollably at that. He was so into history that his classes were actually fun. I knew sitting next to such a pretty view would probably be counter-productive for me, but I couldn't help myself, and my feet just led me there. They were mostly little corner stores and markets. She and I aren't really friends, but she's a genuine person and I like that. ' so that's what we started with. I flinched and looked him straight in the eyes, and he smirked at me. I got a few more of the Art questions (by fluke, mostly), but the real star of the class was the new kid, Jay Ridley. I knew nothing about him. It seemed to drag on and on, and all I could think about was the fact that I'd have to keep this up for a year. I frowned and flashed him my middle finger, and he drove away laughing. Let me know what you think. Mat has none of it and snatches it, sliding it under a leg; he's not going to give my picture back until he gets what he wants. He catches my look and smiles apologetically, grabbing the picture from under his leg and holding it up. Unless he means my drawings are The Shit, which I'm thinking not. Someone could blindfold him and tie his hands behind his back, but the boy would still find a way. I can already imagine George running down the halls, liking any excuse to get out of Foundation maths – AKA the dumb maths class, which he takes not because he's dumb but because he's lazy – as well as being partially dick-whipped. I know exactly how he feels. I mean the picture is a stick figure, for crying out loud. I'm just getting frustrated. Where George can drag all of his girl friends (note the space between) and his girl friends drag their boyfriends? My heart skips a beat and he raises his eyebrows , a smile crawling across his lips. Slowly turning his gaze back to mine and leaning closer, he whispers. He could be really jealous, he could like me back. The universally recognisable sign for 'crazy'. I'm not sure I agree. What was the first thing? He's so cute. He's got this blonde, flippy hair that dwindles at the nape of his neck and these eyes so blue, they're like Chicken Little gave him a piece of the sky. Scooping up the ganache and spreading it over my cake, I sigh happily and clench my hands around it. Did someone chuck their crap in my bag by accident? Whoever owns it obviously uses it. I don't want him to hate me. I think I can die now and it wouldn't matter. I bring it back, bemused. It flops uselessly back into my palm. Not for a date. I'm not sure that I like it. I can almost see it's door opening and closing, like it's mocking me. I slide my hand down the banister as I go in attempt to keep myself upright and widen my eyes, mum incoming. I didn't even want the makeover I just want to see him. The fact that I did is a small technicality. His mum's an interior designer and she caters for everyone – I think she even turned our garage into a disco for my mum's fortieth birthday – but her taste's a little more eccentric. For more reasons than her son, of course. Beauty and the Beast is playing and Ely is lying on his bed, kicking his legs in the air behind him, head in his hands and obviously absorbed. I take the opportunity to look for a place to sit, spotting his spinny computer chair and a couple of bean bags next to his bed. He's bound to have way too many girls that are way cooler, prettier and most importantly more confident than I am. Looking at it and pressing the mattress down with a free hand, I test it and grin when it bounces back, sending us both slightly swaying. But it's not something I'm ever going to actually wear and so it'd be pointless buying it. RAL clothing lines\, the latest and greatest line to hit the store. I have to settle for KMART. . Oh, and make out with each other by the looks of it. He pushes himself to his feet and begins to dust himself off, looking at his feet and cheeks slightly flushed. I'm pretty sure a guy like him's in high demand and who am I to be the girl that catches his eye? ? . That's why it's so bland and boring and plain-like. . I feel taste of vomit in my throat, like not having vomited but like because my body's protesting about lack of sleep that it's going all vomit-y. Then, in a sudden and cruel change of circumstances, Caroline does indeed find herself engaged to a Mister Seaton - only it's not the one she wanted. The chill drink only seemed to make her more aware of the surrounding heat and burn her fingers where they touched the glass. Oh, but she couldn't imagine such a life for herself. Spying an empty settee, she manoeuvred towards it, but as she did, her parasol caught against someone's leg and slipped from her hand. From her. She should very much like to capture it on canvas. Hope you enjoy. . Reid pretended to swoon. ". . for three months". ". I reprimanded myself. . That definitely woke me up. She was still staring. . It was just my luck that he had to return months before the biggest day of the lives of my brother and best friend. This apartment was a godsend. I heard a loud thwack, and she took back the phone. I shuddered at the thought. Rachael loved him really, though I was slightly worried about domestic violence on her part. You couldn't have a wedding with a hospitalised groom. They hadn't even the decency to get dressed before leaving the confines of their (thankfully soundproofed) room. fishy. And it was entirely her own fault. If this future brother-in-law was going to like him he at least had to be presentable. He was probably just as sweet and kind as Rachael; after all, they shared the same womb for nine months. He looked utterly effortless, as if he had just floated from New York on a cloud. Maybe that arrogance I detected when I opened the door was just plain snobbery. Rachael tried striking up a conversation. How could anyone not like him? Guilty as charged. I felt guilt wrench my gut. My fist clenched against the wall. I never would have spoken to him like that otherwise. Then again, I was probably flattering myself thinking I could do that much damage. About time. We had come to the ground floor. This was going to be a long three months. Hardly, I wanted to say, but didn't. I closed my eyes again. The only thing I despised about Rachael was that she, unlike me, was a morning person. I had memorized that look by seeing it enough times. I hoped she meant 8pm, but somehow I doubted that. . I was really not in the mood, and I hoped not to see him again until the wedding, if he even showed up to that. He was always so clean. It was sunny out, but the breeze blew right through me. One point to me. It was lulling me to sleep. I looked at him funnily. I was about ready to scratch my own eyeballs out. She was probably still in her teens. She licked her lips about ten times, before I could take no more. she asked. Yes! It seemed then like some distant dream, unreachable. At least I didn't physically abuse him this time. Michael picked up a dress behind me. I raised my eyebrows at him. I hoped he wouldn't answer. I kept my eye on it the whole day. And knowing him, he would. In fact, I could hardly stand her, but I put up with her for years before my brother's hormones calmed down enough for him to realise she was annoying. Now they would probably both plot the destruction of the wedding together. They would probably get married and their children would be bigger than and bully Rachael and David's beautiful offspring. she pouted. Somehow, though, I didn't think he would. I could've sworn he mumbled  as if it were the word . Not. I had tried barring his entrance, but once the girls caught sight of him, that was the beginning of the end. Yet nobody noticed that I had bothered to wear a skirt for the first time in years. Cheat. she slurred. Instead, I steered her out into the hallway. It sickened me. The dimmed lighting didn't help. I fought a blush. he said, after forever. I didn't mention it to her. Rachael sighed loudly. I scrunched my nose at her, but Rachael gasped. I recognised it right away. I didn't need him to know his touch had an effect on me, ever since the other night. I could hear his maniacal little mind whirring, thinking up new ways to torture and manipulate me. No doubt he would drop his date as soon as some girl with bigger breasts showed interest in him. I should've noticed then that something was up. The blood ran from my own face and it took me until David noticed us to move. He smirked at me. He didn't turn up at my apartment, and neither did David, though he left a lot of messages for me. And yet he had managed to ruin the lives of the two people I loved most in the world, with one single act. I couldn't blame him. I marched right up there; well, I took the lift, and knocked loudly on his door. I hadn't bothered getting dressed up. He whispered something to the girl and she sauntered off moodily. then I needed to be on hand to save his life, no matter how reluctantly I may do so. I folded my arms and stared at him blankly. I silently vowed never to get married. The wedding started in three hours. I felt plastic, but Rachael assured me I looked beautiful. She dropped the matter, thankfully. I took a deep breath to calm myself, and Michael grinned at us both when we entered. His eyes looked bluer than ever. I was perfectly content being alone, people watching, until Michael showed up. . Michael chuckled at my deer-caught-in-the-headlights expression. This was far too strange. He tasted like coffee and mint, and I melted into the kiss. My niece came running into the room, tears streaming down her small round face, clutching her dark curls. He was the image of his father. Yes, he was just like Michael. My own husband's arms snaked around my waist and he smiled against my neck. That was the best that I could come up with? He got up too. . Shouldn't it be landing on his face? She had stayed with her older sister Kimmy through all those dreaded kissy-kissy movies to know that when you knock into someone, you always end up kissing each other on the lips. His hair, even after the headstand, was still gelled (she would've said glued, but that would be rude) to both sides of his head, and it reminded her of those good kids in movies that often got bullied. She wasn't used to being defeated, and she didn't like it. And that's what he felt. Again. In love with his family. He squeezed his eyes shut and breathed, feeling blood rushing to his head. That's what dictionaries are for. He feared of losing even more than what he had lost so far. She raised her eyebrows in curiousity. She was too short. There was something about her laughter that was so contagious… It made him feel excited, too. Maybe his dad just had a bad day, that's all. She felt that familiar pang of heartache. She felt him shaking in her arms, and that's when she made a silent vow to be there for him forever. Normally he could control his temper relatively well but when it comes to things about Isabelle… He couldn't be sure. Luke knows better. That's what she promised. So badly. He insisted on putting them up, and there was nothing his aunt could do to stop him. She realized that she could never leave him. He spread his arms open and she went into his embrace automatically, willingly. He probably needed that support now. Luke broke up with Natalia a week before his fifteenth birthday. Seeing her pout like a child that night made him feel alive almost instantly. And everything did feel alright. It could be that. Her friends told her it would work. Thin and pale. His dad wouldn't listen. There was nothing else I could do. I love you so much it consumes me, and I don't think I can bear the sight of ever watching you leave with another man. I'm sorry I never replied, but I've been too caught up with everything else, it's not even funny. Heh. I haven't heard that one in a while. Now leave me alone"! Sora, what am I supposed to do with these"? Get the elephant pink one"! . ' I had a daughter, not a son! Bright blessings! Or not. I was innocently minding my own business walking to the school library when I was attacked for the second time that day. I shoved him out of my way and stomped on towards the library. After about ten minutes I was satisfied that I was ready for the test and my mind began to wander. I, of course, knew him. I may not like him, but I can admit he has nice cheekbones. The result of which is invariably detention, but whatever, the less time he has to harass me the better. Unluckily for me, ever since my stalker, I try to use his actual name as little as possible for fear it will summon him, started harassing me people think we're dating. It sickens me. More fool me since Mr. Octopus is in the math class that I help Mrs. Wyatt with. He had long passed subtle and was well into harassment territory. (Or his girlfriend, since that girly script was probably a result of him convincing her to join in this evil deed. That someone giggled loudly enough to be heard through the phone. For now, all I could do was deal with my brother. It turned out that I figured out I wanted to go into public relations, and I spent the next three and a half years (and all my hard-earned money) on majoring in communications at the nearby university. My parents helped out a tiny bit, but whatever advantage they provided was quickly counteracted by my unhealthy obsession with fashion, evidenced by the Chanel suit, Louis Vuitton bag, and Jimmy Choo heels currently on my person. I refused to be seen anywhere near my workplace in his obnoxious truck, and besides, Trey would never agree to let anyone other than his precious Melinda near his vehicle anyway. Trey was starting to pick up Melinda's slightly obnoxious nature, and I regretted the day they had met. What else could go wrong today? Trey and I both shared this nasty habit of not exactly paying attention to the road as we drove, and surprisingly neither of us had yet to get into an accident. I flipped through pages in my planner to make sure I knew what I had on my agenda before I answered. I didn't recognize the name. I wanted to hang up on the man, or at least yell at him, but I knew it wasn't really his fault. But my education paid off, and I remained calm. Um…what? If Eric was not interested in the car, I had no reason to pretend to be nice to him. I threw my planner into the passenger seat as I scrambled to take control of the vehicle, my hands clenched onto the wheel as I strained to keep the phone jammed between my shoulder and cheek. Looked? I rolled my eyes, stopping as my gaze landed on the car next to me. After all, we hadn't been on the road that long, so most likely anyone who had seen the car close enough to dial the number would have still been around. I needed an escape. It was a convenient shortcut to work, and the lack of cars meant I could do whatever the heck I wanted on the road. That way he wouldn't be able to follow, and I could take the long way to my work. But apparently even my own car wanted to join in the fun, because just as I set my foot down hard on the accelerator, my Fit did the impossible. I looked at the gas tank. Which was exactly what happened, and just as I had dreaded, Eric pulled over as well. By the time the automatic lock kicked in, Eric and I stood face to face. They were a nice shade of blue, much brighter than my dark brown ones, and they held the same level of amusement as his voice had the entire car ride. I was sure there was still an hour before his school started. And as I was about to find out, it wasn't even finished yet. Awesome…not. Eric was waiting for me when the call ended with an expression that indicated that he was going to pester me about the whole legs issue. All I knew was that I was too good at it. Probably because we both knew the next option was to call for some sort of roadside assistance, and we had no idea why I wasn't doing it. Really? Apparently it had gone cold seconds after I had hung up with him. Damn. He then pointed to the inside of my vehicle, to the passenger side, where my keys lay in plain sight on top of my purse. But my voice, when I finally chose to spoke, conveyed none of that. Instead, I took a deep breath and smiled. Yup, definitely not my kind of day. We stayed silent for a few more moments before he decided to speak up again. Say what? I should have known this would happen, seeing as I had been noting the worsening weather all morning. I didn't even know what to say about this, besides stating that for the thousandth time that day, I was not amused. I didn't notice he was so athletically built until I saw him with his drenched clothes clinging to his body. After all, my PR friends and I enjoyed partaking in this activity at work, and just because I was frustrated at Eric didn't mean I had to ignore the fact that he fell under the good-looking man category. I think he had a better chance of stopping the rain than trying to faze me. The water was cold despite the warmth in the air, each new drop creating its own snaking path down my face that I could feel uniquely despite the fact that I was completely soaked through. I turned to give him my best annoyed look, but the water splashing on my face significantly dampened the expression. But since I knew whatever he had planned would likely not work, I decided to humor him. Eric's smile was starting to grow into a full-fledged grin, something I did not take comfort in. But then, my breath halted in my chest, and the monotonous pattering of the rain faded instantly into the background. Surprisingly, my hands were somehow intertwined with his hair, which only served to pull his head closer to mine, deepening the kiss that, for some reason, I was returning. His hands were molded to my waist, massaging me as his tongue swept to my now exposed shoulder. Eric had just completely stolen my composure. I did, however, manage to choke out a few words. He willingly brought himself down on top of me again, and we stayed that way for a good while after, all thoughts of the rain, the locked cars, and the dead cell phones long banished from our minds. But one thing was definitely certain. He took stupid, illogical risks based solely on emotion, something that she hated purely on principle. He could be attractive had it not been for his personality that made Piper want to break his face in half. Maybe she just needed new friends. It could be because she was losing in their twisted game. She knew without a doubt that he would take it from her without hesitation. As much as she hated him, he was still part of her life whether she wanted it or not. William. He didn't make a secret of his disapproval of Mackenzie's behavior and sometimes of Piper's antics. It was a fair arrangement and they enjoyed each other's company. His long hair was either flying in the wind or pulled back into a ponytail with a leather band with her initials engraved in it. It felt like landing on the field after diving for a ball, the vibration created by her body slamming against Mother Nature. Something she respected. Anti-Mac code: No drooling, giggling, googly eyes or melting due to the presence/scent/looks of Mackenzie Tosh in the presence of Piper Connelly Ward. She needed a bucket to puke in. That would be Mackenzie. She couldn't ignore him forever, but damn it she could try. She wasn't playing against the other girl in the red and black jersey today; she was playing the boy who stuck play dough in her hair when she was five years old. It wasn't a coincidence that every lost game could be found in relation to Mac's or PC's absences. Give her the mile and she would cream him no problem. Now he was just being annoying. Instead of shaking his hand off her bag she held onto him. As much as she hated the strain it put on her neck to look up at him, she raised an eyebrow at his advance. What Mackenzie yelled, she could say in a whisper and have just as many ears, if not more, listening to her. This kind of pain was permanent. Pity didn't even cross her mind; she respected him as a rival and player too much to ever pity him. It was him that started her game, not the referee's whistle. He wasn't vicious… yet for some reason she couldn't find him, couldn't pick his uniform out of the sea of green and gold clothing. She didn't place herself higher than anyone outside of sports, but Madison High placed her on her own pedestal on which she shined. She found her circle of friends, even found Mackenzie's circle, but he himself was absent. Co-dependency required a reliable partner, something that in no way described Mackenzie. And that she could do anything he could do… only better. His impulse drove every move he made: no calculations, no regrets, just continuous motion. A quick glance between the two spoke levels, along with a quick hand gesture by the left wingman, Fandi Ye. Catching the flying missile in the air with the top of her foot, Nikki Singleton cushioned the speed pulling her foot downwards as the ball settled on the laces of her cleats. With some quick calculations, Piper passed the ball with a cross over followed by a fake right to Meghan. Home field advantage never tasted as good as when victory was laying on the home front. This was something to celebrate. With water in her system, she came back to earth, slowing coming of the high playing gave her. It would be pointless when she could simply focus her frustration on the ball for the next half. She thought before she acted. She was putting her bets on Coach. When the zipper got stuck, she gave up and threw her bag to one of the girls to fix. Cherry Crush, his ex girlfriend's shade. Moving to the side, she found herself being slammed into the fence, her body being held to the wire with his hand on her arm. Foreplay, her ass. Usually Piper stood still and acted unaffected by Mackenzie's rugged masculinity, but here she was putting up a fight. Releasing her, Mackenzie backed up bumping into him, slamming his own shoulder into William's. Noah Murcutt's background up until his going to sea. Then, finally, a little over nine months ago, Jack found himself with the trump card and decided to play it. Nelly cried silent tears of indignation as Jack Bowden finally took what he had wanted for a good many years, but she angrily wiped her tears from her face before he could see them. Oscar's stormy irises reminded of the sea on a foul day. Talking led down the winding road to action, and thus, Nelly couldn't tell for sure who the father of her child was. But as fortune would have it, Nelly took her last breath as the boy took his first, and even though Nelly's mother, Mrs Murcutt, held up the boy to her daughter, Nelly's staring, dead eyes never saw him. The only sign that Noah knew that they weren't his biological parents was that he called them Mr and Mrs Murcutt. He was denied any toys other than the ones he could create for himself from the things he could find in the garden or in the nearby fields and forests, but his imagination was all he needed. Not a rich one, but certainly not a poor one. He had never been outside it before. He looked past the ship at the ocean, as grey and stormy as his eyes, the white foam crowning the waves as they hit against the pier. Noah continued begging in a forcibly controlled voice, promising Mr Murcutt whatever he wanted as long as he could stay. It was of little comfort that Mr Jackson's grip was much softer than Mr Murcutt's was. Noah felt lost. Mr Jackson gestured for him to sit down on a chair by a desk on which a number of maps and navigating equipment were spread out; he then sat down on the opposite side. If the boy in front of him wasn't Murcutt's to sell, he would kick the old fart's arse across the whole of England. ! I prompted. Sometimes there would be boyfriends or girlfriends, soda was traded in for something a little stronger, and soon it became a gathering that was a required summer kickoff. I realized that this was just habit for them…another night of Gabe and Lily heading down to the beach. This was the moment I'd been living for during the past few months – the moment when we'd be back home from school, without all of the distractions and commitments of FSU, and just get to be one-on-one again. Since then there were play dates and shared birthday parties and all of those cliché things that new, young mothers deem important. Or the way he looked at the blonde who was touching his arm in study hall, or the pretty track star who slipped him her number in the hallway, or the redhead who promised him that she'd be available on Friday night. I was never one for one-night stands or flings or casual relationships. It got easier, with time, but every once and while it could sneak up on me…the fact that I was absolutely and one hundred percent in love with my best friend. When they saw us pull in they all started cheering sarcastically. I felt so comfortable, everything like it should be, everything in its place. I tried to keep the sadness out of my voice, but I didn't quite succeed. Sydney hated when anything wasn't completely revolved around her. Then, I looked back at the boy in front of me, who had let his hand linger on my arm. I felt his arms come up to his sides without meaning for them to. It had never been on the lips, but on my temple, cheek, the corner of my lips, his breath always minty and warm. And then he pushed my hair back behind my ear, like he was going to kiss me, really kiss me, and I was standing so still. I turned and watched as his shirt whipped around his body, his hands shoved deep into his pockets, silhouetted against the sunset. I guess my upcoming senior year in high school was the final straw. I inwardly cringed at the formality and sat down between both of my parents. I was completely wrong. She patted my hand in a motherly way and I knew something was going to be said that I wouldn't particularly like. I looked over at my father for some form of moral support. I slipped on my shoes at the front door; Mom never let anyone wear shoes in the house, and scuttled outside, attempting to get away from the unwelcome news. I, of course, being the bigger one, completely knocked the other individual off their feet. He gazed up at me, his dark brown eyes looking startled. Even though he became a mute he still remained one of the most popular males at school. He half-smiled down at me and slightly shook his head again. He definitely was one of the kinder people I've run into. I rolled my eyes when she wasn't looking. I hung back, not wanting to draw unnecessary attention to myself; he was one of the leading assailants in the campaign against me. I suddenly felt sick to my stomach; please, no more taunting. Kaleb frowned at Skylar. Why won't he leave me to crawl into the shadows? . Skylar looked startled then shrugged. I swallowed the lump in my throat. Her snide looks were starting to annoy me already. Finally, I shook my head and snapped out of my dazed state. that's why they happened all the time without me. I didn't want to go in. He brought me into the center of the party where Ralphie, Tabitha, and many other of my richly popular schoolmates were chatting away. I mean, when you watch someone like that, it's because you're up to no good. It's like I'm not even good enough to be seen. I swallowed hard and stood up very slowly. There was a disgusted sneer on his lips and it sunk in that he was calling me disgusting. I couldn't let my mind wander. I started wondering why I wasn't melting under that intensely frightful look of his. Can she just drop me like a hat? What did it matter what they thought? That's what I was: a little piggy. Please review! If you have not already read that chapter, please go do so now so that you know what the Zerca is going on here! (Prequels may come later, describing Sariphan's parents and whatnot, but we haven't yet decided. He waited, wondering what sort of words and tone would go with such a tune, but he heard no voice forthcoming. It was the first time Marrow had ever experienced fear, having been raised as a young warrior nearly from birth it was appalling that these outcasts could incite this in him. He turned his eyes away from the camp in a vain attempt to shake the unpleasant thoughts from his head for the time being. Not that any thought they would find one, but the sooner this matter was done the sooner they would be able to look elsewhere. More than likely these were some who had been raised to dislike and disapprove of anything that was not considered  to them. Instead every eye in the vicinity seemed to be trained on the thinly toned man moving within the circle. A dancer's ankles, he mused. But only that one pair of lilac eyes registered in Marrow's mind as they turned to him and widened. He knew from the dancer's facial expression that the youth knew what had come to pass, however, the quick scowl he received in the next moment told Marrow much about how he was going to accept it. Marrow clenched his jaw, preparing himself for the rage he knew would come were he discover that his mate was a damned mistress. It wasn't often Tamber felt the need to dally with another, but on the occasion he did, it was a nice feeling not to worry about attachments of any sort. And now look at the city-fools, falling all over themselves to get the trips to the Reyl tribes out of the way so they can earn permission to travel to the outer-planet to find a mate. Tamber would not tolerate such treatment. Sighing in defeat, Tamber had donned his sheer dancing shorts and brushed out his dark red hair. But then an angry snarl cut through the air, pulling everyone's attention away and stopping the music. But the warrior's manner remained steadfast. He shot the hand an icy look and shoved both of his own arms behind his back in an age-old sign of rejection. It was time for them to join, why didn't the boy realize that? Yet did he allow neither his emotions nor thoughts to surface as his face remained blank. He was well aware of the Zercan's rights just as he was most Reyls and though he could understand this fellow's trials, so too could he understand his son's, though he was sure the boy would argue the point if given the chance. And he was determined that his new 'son' would be given what he was not. Knowing full well that the youth would not care to hear of his parent or how well he was known, Doriuq remained silent on it. Marrow took cool solace in the knowledge that only he could provide the boy with comfort now. However, he couldn't help but feel a little wary, thinking that perhaps Tamber would take this as an added incentive to be difficult. He was about to follow his brush with a book when the flaps of his tent opened and his bearer anxiously entered. Yet did the man feel a sense of guilt now at his son's anger. This was the worst thing that could happen to him, he'd decided. You don't hear people saying,  or . There isn't one person on this planet that doesn't have a favorite Video Game, not one. he yelled in protest. Brandon hung his head and groaned before marching out of my room. I pointed at the comforter that was laying snuggly on the ground and she just smiled and shook her head. I'm 17-years-old and I go to Stonewall High School as a senior. My copper eyes had traces of black in them but other them that, they were nothing special. He didn't do much police force work after that because of his leg so now he did a lot of the office stuff. The last thing he needs is to think that our parents might be splitting up. That's the one I live in. I grabbed my black  hoodie and tugged it over my head, feeling the soft cotton take over me. I said, grabbing a bowl for myself and pouring out some Raisin Bran. I handed him back the remote and he quickly turned the channel back to Chaotic. I yelled, walking toward the front door. My first baby is my X-box 360. I drove down the street and turned a corner toward the road. He was slightly taller than me and quite lean. She was about 5'5". Mark had brown eyes and his hair was cut short like usual. She was about my height but her Spanish accent was very strong. she asked, arching her eyebrows at me. It took me a while to realize what he was talking about but my eyes widened and realization hit me. Jessie rolled her eyes at our childish antics. she said softly. I lied. Jessie just shrugged and blushed. I nodded my head and he took off after Jessie. (I know, Mark pretty much tells me everything). But I guess that's also a reason to tell somebody huh? I walked down toward my homeroom but stopped when I saw a bright yellow poster on the wall. It was probably a stupid freshmen that didn't know where they were going. There was black mascara around her eyes that made them stand out and I couldn't stop staring at her. She arched her eyebrows at me and waved her hand over my face. I quickly shook my head and looked away nervously. I watched as she went and couldn't help but to feel like I should chase after her…but I didn't. She recently dyed purple stripes in her hair that made her purple mascara pop out. Smith and Schmidt. I replied curiously. I shot back. I frowned. She laughed harder and I started to laugh with her. she groaned. I arched my eyebrows at her and smiled. And I didn't tell her, she guessed. Must be kind of hot in here. I replied, shoving her back just as playfully. I opened the step doors and 'Bang"! I extended my hand out to her and she slowly took it as I pulled her back on her feet. I knew she was new. I said, losing my nerve toward the end. She noticed me looking and caught my stare with a stare of my own. I growled in my head. I looked around the room and realized that there were only two seats left and they were in the back, right beside each other. We don't talk about tasting girls! I whispered back. I wonder if those piercings ever got in the way. I lifted my hands up in defense and quickly shook my head. I asked, trying to start a more 'casual' conversation. She raised an eyebrow before knocking her desk against mine; causing a slight vibration, and making me lose my footing. I gave him a phony smile and put my chair back up and plopping into it. I groaned and put my head on the cold desk, hoping to cool myself off. I decided to try and ignore her and put my head back down…before she gently squeezed. My eyes shot up and before I could say another word, her hand was back in her lap. We stared at each other for a while until she looked back down at the textbook. Any thoughts so far? But, now I'm babbling, so please enjoy and give me your thoughts by reviewing! I was in for a normal day. My teachers would be attempting to cram textbooks into my brain, and I knew before the last bell rang, I would have a serious headache or possibly an approaching migraine. I unsuccessfully attempted to comb through my hair with my fingers before deciding I was in desperate need of a shower. I was plugging in my straightening iron, when a knock shattered the silence; I jumped. I jolted again. Not nearly enough time to dry my hair, much less drive to school. So much for fixing my hair. Throwing my I.D. badge around my neck, I dragged my backpack out the bedroom door. His concern flattered me, but was always unnecessary. Knowing my luck—and my hopes—my plan would fall flat without fail. It was violent, but beautiful. This last summer, however, had been lush with rain and storms, making for a promising winter. I grimaced at the thought, and reminded myself that as soon as midterms were over, winter break would start, which happened to be something I was looking forward to. I hadn't been back since, and I had no immediate plans to do so. We had four days to catch up on everything. I whispered a quiet 'woo-hoo' for my rare luck. I turned right to find a different spot. In my rage I had very stupidly forgotten to grab my jacket from the backseat of my car and even though I had a sweater on, it wasn't keeping me very warm. I balanced my books in my right arm, and slammed the locker, suddenly thankful my first class was right around the corner. An air of excitement was suffocating the room. I finally gave up on trying to listen and tapped Nory on the shoulder. She would probably have both of them on her arms by the end of the day. Astoria was an average sized school, but small in terms of classes offered. he managed, breathing hysterically. I couldn't even deny to myself that he was extremely good looking. In a nutshell: he was a god. No one seemed to notice he was fixed on me; all of the girls were gazing at him in awe—probably the way I was—and the boys were glaring at the obvious attention he was attracting from the females. My mind snapped back to reality when I heard Mr. Gower tell the boy he was going to spare him the long introduction. My stomach suddenly felt like the home to a cave full of bats, and I was glad more than ever that I hadn't eaten breakfast. I felt a pang of jealousy toward his beauty, but it vanished as soon as it had appeared. I heaved a sigh and was about to tap Nory on the shoulder to ask her to lend me some paper, when I suddenly found a blank sheet already on my desk. A half smile played at his lips nearly causing me to melt in my seat. I knew my face was flushed. But neither did anyone else. There was only a temporary ID sticker on his shirt—for those who were new to the school or left their card at home—but I wasn't able to read the name lazily scrawled on it. I thought I heard him chuckle quietly. He told her that he'd paired her with Kevin because her grade was suffering and that she needed all the help she could get since she refused to have a tutor. Mr. Gower flew through most of the rest of the list and I kept trying to remember if he'd said my name yet, but he hadn't. He was surprisingly quiet, but just loud enough to hear. I knew I was turning a deeper shade of red. How could a name have so much effect on me? I shook his hand gently, still trying to remember how to suck in oxygen. She threw a small flirty wave in his direction. Of course, any gesture passed in my direction from Gerard would have given me some sense of victory. Before I could answer, he looked down at his mid-section and launched another question, directed more toward himself than me. I knew that couldn't be true; he was sure to turn heads anywhere. I let out a small sigh, trying to decide the best way to tell him he was  without being so crude. He smiled again and I knew it wasn't possible. I let out a breath I had been holding. There wasn't a word to describe how utterly insane that notion was. He risked a glance over to Mr. Gower's desk. I lived the majority of my life with my father and sister, but for the past two years, while she was at college, I felt like an only child. Boy, did I feel like a lawyer; I shuddered at the thought and pushed my speculating thoughts away. I froze, unsure if I was still conscious. I cleared my throat under his eyes. I realized his next class was directly on my route to French II. I might have another class with him later. how weird! The Court of Serenus was one of the most beautiful courtyards you could ever possibly stumble upon, especially when it wasn't filled with nobles who were filled with the sticks up their asses. They always seemed to find me, dammit! Usually that ambassador ends up dead, or worse, but for once my father, King Gabriel, had accepted the truce offer, reason unknown, though knowing my slime-bucket daddy, it's probably for some quick power. They tried very unsuccessfully not to grin at my no doubt petulant expression so I turned my back to them. Demons most often have wings that indicate their powers (such as red or orange wings for fire) so it's not that hard to figure out their talents. Suriel cast a confused glance towards the creeper king before scuttling after me. She was perfection of the highest order, and I coveted her. I decided not to mind them. What a pathetic mouse. She never did stop dreaming about it, though. However, hearing the same thing every night for seventeen years was just too much. There seemed to be a rhythmic banging. On the tip of her toe was a silky piece of cloth; her mother's panties. Piercing gray eyes that appeared cold under the dim phosphorescent lights, were studying her with curiosity and ill humor. Is Mom a cradle robber? She recalled a sound coming from her mother's room. he said in a clear and eloquent voice. Basically, anything you recognize, I probably don't own. Even now, at twenty-five, we were still close. I said no. And it wasn't just that Vincent slept with Michelle; it was that the day before the wedding, he went up to my brother and told him, pretending to be the . After that, I went to his girlfriend of ten months and told him that Vincent got me pregnant. Except for Vincent, but he's an asshole who no one really cares about. Before hopping back up, I laid there on the ground. I sighed before going over to the large couch and pulling out the middle cushion, tossing it to the side as I picked up Erica's phone and answered it. When I got to the kitchen, I suddenly felt a wave of pure laziness crash over me. Plus, the elevator ride was like two minutes long, so I didn't hear all of it. It was, in one word, disgusting. Just not strangers. After that, I helped fix her hair. I discretely told Dallas about Erica's feelings and he asked her out. At least someone male liked his assholic attitude. I had been craving it for a while. I narrowed my eyes. When I looked back up from my drink, I noticed Erica's raised eyebrow. But Vincent is the best damn musician we know. Besides being scared, she was having the time of her life. And I'm not even being sarcastic. If I went over to his place, he would purposely have a girl over and send her to open the door. I hate him, but Erica deserves the best. And I knew I was going to sing If I Didn't Care by the Inkspots, originally. This was all about three years ago. To us, it's perfectly fine. He was going to ask me that? Vincent blinked once. To distract and cool myself, I uncapped my Lipton Green Tea with one hand before picking it up and putting the bottle to my lips. But, then again, you don't get everything you ever wish for. Call me obsessed, but they're a damn good band. I've actually given up on making him call me Charlie. I can still be a kid when I feel like it. I told him. Oh, the irony is not as sweet as you'd think it'd be. I frowned and crossed my arms. She deserves the best wedding possible. I sighed; if there was one thing that never changed about him, it was his habit of completely ignoring what I say. It was like closure for him. What a shocker. Before I could tackle him or even yell at him, it was time for the wedding to start. Friends was one thing, but this whole confession bit was moving to fast for my tastes. Just get over it! Around two-three minutes, but it gave Erica enough time to make any last minute adjustments. ' Oh crap, I thought, reaching down to my hip. I hate heels, I couldn't help but thinking as I pushed open the flap to the middle tent and stepped inside. When her hazel eyes met mine, I saw fear and uncertainty in them. She stood up and began pacing the tent. I felt her move to hug me back. "The boy who chopped off your hair when you answered the door. She eyed it before raising an eyebrow at me. I winked before turning to the audience and opening my mouth to sing just as Erica appeared in her entry way. So, instead of watching her and putting more pressure on her, I closed my eyes as I sang the next few lines. From the way her mouth moved, Erica mouthed 'I love you' to Dallas just as I turned backwards for whatever reason to look at Vincent. I sang 'To Each His Own' as Erica stepped onto the altar and then I practically sprinted off the mini-stage to stand next to her as she and Dallas exchanged their vows. I didn't catch it, but when Dallas threw Erica's garter into the crowd of men, it landed straight into Vincent's hands. I wouldn't be able to make time for him because of my job, and he wouldn't bother because Vincent had always hated having to work for things. I stuck my tongue out at her before Vincent began to play. Not really, but I did drink a lot of Lipton before I remembered what Vincent had said. And how this wedding changed all of that. Involuntarily, I winced and rubbed my ribs gingerly before marching up to him. I briefly checked to make sure no one was linger before dropping Vincent's arm and crossing mine over my chest. What he said had rattled me, so I needed to know if he was being serious or just fucking around. I narrowed my eyes at him. He would pretend to be flattered and charmed. He changed in high school, and I guess that's how he's going to stay. I shook my head at him, still staring him in the eyes. Maybe even more than Collin, I thought as I returned Erica's hug. I didn't think it was so bad, but Erica apparently did because she pulled me into a tighter hug as Dallas left and walked off towards the food stand. I smiled mirthlessly at that, murmuring a  before accepting the bottle. When I turned back towards the new couple, both of them were regarding me with worried expressions. Instead, I looked straight ahead of me as the music began. I really do. I watched an elderly couple just sway and stare at one another. Vincent tugged me closer to him, but I still didn't meet his eyes. He pulled me off the stage and into his arms as the music began. Sometimes, I wished I didn't, but wishing doesn't change anything. And I don't know why you keep trying to play games with me. "You never liked working for anything you couldn't immediately have. In fact, I didn't expect him to chase after me at all, so I wasn't disappointed when he didn't. Yesterday was when Erica should have gone on her honeymoon. Still, I didn't want Erica to miss out on her own share of partying and mindless drinking with her husband. Still, it was kind of fun. I nodded once before saluting her. I missed the fucker. And I was crying over the fact that I really thought that we could've fixed it. As I was calming down and reaching for a tissue, my phone rang. I blinked once, twice, three times. Automatically, my arms went around his neck as I deepened the kiss before my eyes snapped open and I pulled myself away. Only this time, I kept my eyes away from his. I was tired of being hurt. Vincent looked alarmed at my tears. We broke apart before smiling at each other. Cupid tried to pull it out of the boy's chest, but it had already taken root and simply disappeared into the boy's chest. For fun? This caused me to jump up and smack my head onto the locker top. Don't give me that grossed out look, it was really too cute for me not to. It was an ancient-looking text on Greek mythology. Looking on the bright side, at least I know everyone trusted in my health enough to estimate that I would still be alive at seventy. Well, it's too late, might as well enjoy the rest! Then, the memory of the page on Hades and Persephone popped into my head. I had effectively eaten twelve. My phone vibrated and I flipped it open without bothering to look at the number. I grabbed the edge and started to push it close when he burst out. Okay, self-control is the key to success, control. But for the sake of true romance, I will try my best. He held her like she was the most perfect and precious thing in the world, his strong arms wrapped around her, protecting her. More people were also coming in, I had better hide the book before anyone sees the words . He extended his hand towards me. He looked at me concernedly and noting my silence, he asked hesitantly. I really do not think one can get that kind of muscles writing thousand word essays. This guy is seriously fast getting himself a space on the list of . I only barely registered the teacher asking if there was anyone absent. Like I was going to eat that. He smiled, straightened and walked determinedly towards me. But not before he looked at me meaningfully. When I took my first step out of the classroom, a deep voice sounded beside me. He slid along the wall and slumped himself against it. It had a little note attached to it. I did not miss the hopeful glimmer in his eyes and he held out the sunflower to me. I did not have to look at him to know that he was smiling like there was no tomorrow. Thanks to all who have voted. It didn't matter when I was completely invisible. I swung my legs back and forth, faster as if that would make time go by faster. A bigger part made me wish I had someone to talk to as well. His voice was barely above a whisper as he spoke. I felt sorry for him when I saw the slight shake in his hands. I had a feeling that a fall for someone his age would result in dire consequences. I feared that if I held him too tightly he would break. This was just a different reality. There were about twenty of them around me, but I was only concerned with one; the one that was in my arms. I would do anything to have it. I just knew it was a part of me. I watched as instead of the embrace I was expecting the claws dug into the light. It was life itself. I just knew it was too late. The moment the blood dripped it turned black, blending in with the darkness. The last drop of blood dripped, but the power I felt didn't ebb. The real world reappeared before my eyes. They were words that would probably haunt me forever. The thing was they weren't just looking at him; they were also looking at me. I didn't know how I could have become so desperate for human contact. I don't think my teachers would even know I came to school if it weren't for the fact that I always turned in my assignments. It had become routine. I needed some recognition that I was still alive, that I hadn't somehow become a phantom without realizing it. There was nothing good about an old man being sick. He was alive, but he seemed so cold in my arms. It was just an odd ugly coincidence. Every person walking down the street was at least a foot away from me. Yet, no one pushed me out of their path, no one touched me. The only benefit I could find from this problem. I would stick to staring at the probably infested beige carpet. I think I was entitled to some depressing thoughts. I walked to the kitchen slowly. I was actually surprised that someone who had missed three of my birthdays would notice that. Tonight was his night off and he was still in the kitchen. It was always work before everything else. She slapped the phone shut the looked at me and smiled. It had apparently been a bad day. I felt powerful from the energy I had received earlier today. It did neglect the flair she had for the dramatics. Really though, when wasn't it bad day? She just likes having something to complain about. At the age of seven, my older sister had already turned her into a fashion obsessed zombie. I could always dye my hair, but without an eye transplant I was stuck with these eyes. I wanted everything to be normal again. I wanted the problem gone now. I just hoped and kept hoping. The glass then fell, shattering into millions of tiny pieces. Was it? This power held confidence that I needed. I do know that I had been a fool to let fear take its hold on me. I was shocked too, but the power I felt cancelled everything else out. Turning away from her, I stomped up to my room and slammed my door shut. I would like any friend as long as I wasn't alone. My family even forgot me on some occasions. I was invisible. Reviews make me happy and write more so review! She was going to see Bobby tomorrow. Naddy had refused to allow her to wear a bra and so her pebbled nipples were slightly visible. Naddy slapped her hands away softly. Bobby froze in the door way, his fingers tightening on the door nob. He laughed and moved into the room, closing the door behind him. She hesitantly took a step towards him and then Ryan pounded on the door…Across town, Bobby was also, for the hundredth time, dreaming of that night. Bobby's dream shifted to after the party, as people began to leave. He frowned and turned towards Bear grinning. he said, putting her halo back on and stuffing the helmet in a bush. She stiffened and raised an eyebrow. They rode unsteadily, laughing and talking nonsense as they made their way to her and Ryan's place. He pulled back slightly, silently inviting her to take control of the kiss. He held a finger to her lips. He picked up the bike and made his way home, shooting one last glance at the house. . A smoking hot librarian and Ryan was smitten. He dragged his sister back into the house and sat her down on the plush couch. But that's not really me, I suppose. I may just be the only one left at the bottom of the ocean, dreaming of the taste of oxygen. He will take me away to some wonderful place I've never been, and show me the time of my life. I suppose that is where my story starts; one of those nights. He would be perfect. There, lying on my bed holding my close was the man of my dreams - LITERALLY. He REALLY was perfect, in a black dress shirt and jeans he lay back on my pillows with a smirk that I had prayed I would see in real life. He held his hand to his heart as if I'd hurt him. What am I saying, he was still just a dream I was just tired and stressed and let my imagination get out of control. Apparently he had no intention of going back to my head. He laughed and threw his arm over my waist, pulling me close to his bare chest. . Wrapping my cloak tighter, and with the wind spirit at my heels I trudged through the snow following the wind. My father looked up from his reading with a frown. All of the priests and mages in training had lined up in the foyer to see me off. I stepped out into the blinding white and headed for town, not once looking back the way I'd come. He studied me for a moment before deciding that I wasn't there for trouble. I was able to listen to interesting stories from travelers and make friends with some of the regulars. Then one day Chris called me over. No magic can do that… I thought to myself. He was slumped slightly at the table but sat up a little to get a better look at me. Chris ran screaming from the door but I stayed put. She had short white hair and beautiful violet eyes that looked extremely troubled. She laughed hysterically and I looked down to see the puppy spirit sitting dutifully at my feet. The woman clamped her hands over her ears and squeezed her eyes shut. I backed up towards the open door grinning. I frowned at her cloaking spell. I looked on the floor and saw her footprints in the snow that the wind had brought in. I really didn't like her. Thank you Very, VERY Much! She was right; it did wake her up, but she slammed her fist angrily against the snooze button multiple times until it shut the hell up and left her alone. She didn't like to stand out too much. Hopefully her Aunt and Uncle wouldn't tell them. I'm busy! She tried to maintain eye contact with the lady, but the lady was staring at her as if she had four heads. She feared she may end up sitting alone and that was pretty much a nightmare for any tenth grader—or any new student, for that matter—on their first day. She felt angry just like she had been when she first heard the news. It didn't really sound like a question, but it wasn't quite a statement either. It was beautiful, but it was also pretty easy to get lost in. She paused for dramatic effect. On her first day; now that, that was lucky. She promised him she would later. That was their chef, a polite, middle-aged woman who cooked very well judging from the meals from the past two days that she had been there. The second thing she noticed was that there were tons of posters on the wall, all of them with the same person. It seemed most companies chose him only because he was so popular. She was watching the huge, flat screen TV on the wall while Michael was sitting on a chair, writing something in a notebook. ' But after a while, the young girl became tired and had given up and had tiredly walked upstairs. They were cute, but they were the type of pajamas that you wouldn't want to walk down the street in. Luckily, they weren't the pajamas with the feet attached, or she would've taken a pair of scissors to them. Amy's eyes traveled to May's direction, and she smiled. Good enough reason, she decided. She hoped that no one would see her, but there were only two other mansions—she realized this must have been a rich area—on this part of the street, so hopefully her new neighbors were busy or asleep. Oh God. Thanks for reading! But now with the school year coming to a close, I almost felt an obligation to tell him. So all in all, I was royally screwed in the love department. As long as he unknowingly held my heart, there was no such thing as reality. Then, he began to mutter incoherent words in my ear, his lips brushing against it every so often. He's not worth an explanation, but unfortunately I have to give one. I tried to get them back and he threw grass on me, making me cry. My mother considers him and my brothers other friends, her sons. Yes I did. My brothers are the same, Rivers captain of the football team and Gabe's the captain of basketball. . Her jobs a bitch. My Mum always talked about him in grave detail, telling us how lovely and amazing he was. In reality I was daydreaming about being anywhere but here. But that didn't matter right now, because he was laughing at me. Probably because my second of hesitation, but thankfully he didn't say anything about it. He said it slowly like he was talking to a child. So far, he's the most random guy I have ever met. Lord knows I'm in short supply of those right now. He gave me a big smile as I took the seat across from him. I couldn't help but laugh a little when I saw them. I turned my head so he wouldn't see my obvious relief that he didn't make fun of me for being virtually friendless. I asked, remembering he was actually supposed to be working as an assistant. There was only two other girls working on forgotten homework at a table on the other side of the library. I sucked in a breath and pulled away. He reached into his pocket and handed me a small bag of cinnamon jellybeans. He looked confused. I suppose she's just the type of person who can be friends with anyone. I pretty much just say there, staring at the table and going over what happened in the library. What if she thought I was ditching her for some guy? So close we were almost touching. This was really fun! Graduate, attend college, get a decent job, marry well, have a nice house with two children and a dog. Reality will always catch up with you. . Let me tell you a bit more about my family, which I doubt is anything like the typical average normal family. The mother that would take Alicia and me to the park and hold me tight when I had another nightmare. Money, status and my old mother she would get sick of those people, she was the one after all who taught me to look in the inside. No longer would she show up at our performances nor give us the pep talk before a stressful performance. Alicia was embarrassed to be seen with me and every time I think about it, I get a big lump in my throat. I always said goodnight to him and sometimes kiss him on the cheek. I think that's ridiculous. Why she was screaming? Alicia sighed loudly trying to get Amoul's attention but Amoul ignores. I always enjoyed the drive. The school grounds are lined with luscious dark green grass. You're probably wondering why I'm not like one of them. God that makes me sounds old. There was nothing wrong with our lives. It's not so great in paradise. Naturally they become my friends. This style happens to be her flavour of the week. She had on a long sleeved fish net top over her strikingly red shirt. Not everyone understands us. colorful names. . I laughed. Three guess about who she's talking! He does charities, comes on talk shows and so much more. They own mansions across the globe. But hey, so do most girls. No wonder they're together, they've so much in common. ! So full of passion and romance! To me, spending a single day with them would be worse than death row. I know what to expect from him and sometimes it that me comfort. Alicia had never been sent to the principal's office before, unlike me who is no stranger to getting in trouble. Worst of all, he has a beer belly! I nod my head. Her face was devoid of makeup which was very unusual. I was starting to feel nervous. I was about to agree when my sister interrupted me. So what's going on"? I tried to refocus my attention to my father but I wasn't listening anymore. I took a deep breath. I knew what he was to say next and the suspense was killing me. When you're obviously pining after me? I know your secret. You like me, the guy with the grades, the girls, the , as you would call it. Like that's going to happen. I didn't like you. All mad-flirting, all punchy; the only way you can possibly touch me without showing that you actually love me. I became to notice how many times you were around me, how you didn't seem to want to leave without the last, at least a bit satisfactory (without a confession of love, I mean), comment about hate. Stop acting all oblivious to others, like me. You're trying to hide it with a glare directing towards me, but I see it. You groan viciously. I'll initiate. It's like you were waiting for me. I see the twinkle in your eye. Insert gag of disgust. You, all in all, disgust me. Sure, we'll do it your way, you'll see. It's so funny; it scares the hell out of me. I try to ignore your loud sucks of air. You're going to catch me off-guard, getting to my good side easily. How amateurish of you. Shouldn't you be trying to get to know me better, or something stupid like that? This doesn't even feel like a date anymore. We pay separately, and I'm distraught with ignorance from you. You're crazy, you know that? Seats in the front were not. You remember that I curse when I'm pretty angry, so the giggling lowers. You're going to kill me. I stay still; it's still cold in the theater. I stop speaking, and you don't seem to mind. And, for the record, you won't pass me. Then I accidentally do the mistake of looking over at you. We sank back into the movie. This was really shitty. She sounded like some kind of robotic species lost in our world. I really was losing my guard here, and you might even be able to catch up. This… this was fucked up. Why would I be mad if I didn't like you? And it hurt me. I was so stupid to think that. I'm the true idiot. ? I'm too pretty to be confined to the pages of a magazine. she finally asked, peering at her co-worker. The noise ricocheted from the walls and the air held the stink of burning gas and gritty cement. From the pressure coming from her parents about getting a Real Job, from her own feelings of inadequacy when it came to her life and the things she had – or hadn't – achieved. she added, leaning over the sink to wash her hands. Thumbing the slim device open, she scrolled through the list of names until she found the one she wanted. An emergency siren blasted through the air, startling the remaining bird and Ash, who nearly missed hearing the voicemail message over the cacophony. she asked, her eyebrows raising. Ash added hastily. She filled one glass with soda and one with water, and then hefted her tray onto her shoulder. He flashed her a gap-toothed smile, shockingly white against the dark chocolate of his skin. Curtis' eyes flickered toward the noise. She shoved through the back door, stumbling out into the alley for the second time that day. Letting go of the breath she'd been holding, Ash jammed her key into the security door at the front of her building and pushed her way inside. Not yet. he sneered. He'd get her good, this time. Kaleb's opportunity success rate was dismally high, which Ash knew from personal experience – it was how she ended up in this situation in the first place. He focused on Ash again and his expression turned into a cool smirk. She could enter stores, restaurants, the freaking gas station, without scrutinizing every person. Son of a bitch split her lip. He shook his head and then gently tucked her hair behind her ear. It made her nerves hum with dread, knowing that at any moment he could simply choose to backhand her so hard her neck might just snap. It had given her great stamina. Kaleb's angry steps grew louder, echoing up the stairwell as Ash jingled her keys and worked on the second deadbolt. When she threw the second deadbolt, she closed her eyes as he started beating against the door, his voice so thick with rage Ash couldn't understand him. Ash could just see the woman shaking her head and pressing her already thin mouth into an almost invisible line of disapproval. Ash closed her eyes, took a deep breath, held it for five long seconds, and then let it out slowly. A wild mass of iron gray hair greeted her and with another relieved breath, Ash slid all the locks except for the chain and opened the door. Or worse. She threw her purse onto the couch as she passed through the living room and headed for the bathroom. she added to herself, viciously twisting the knob on the sink. That had been the best thing to happen to her in weeks. she said, toeing her shoes and socks off. Totally the rape and pillage sort, Reilly had muttered darkly. Ash would admit it was nice having people around her who were concerned, but if one more person asked her if she was okay, she might just scream. A small smile touched the corners of her mouth as she flipped it open and held it to her ear again. to get all the creative juices flowing again. Y'all comin' with me? Pat was eager to go home, fix himself something for dinner and sit on his well-worn couch with a book and the radio on for background noise and wait for the day to be over. On a day like today, such a trip would leave him exhausted and incapable of doing more than pulling the covers of his bed over himself and praying sleep would relieve him from the bitter memories and empty stomach. Pat knew she was his boss's niece and had seen her face smiling from a multitude of other photos, but he had yet to meet her. The craftsmanship was stunning and, along with the collection of rustic picture frames, did a lot to reduce the beige sterility of the room. He looked anything but old. As it was, he still wasn't too many steps back from it. Her house could have graced the pages of a magazine devoted to Western living. Any woman who chose to make her living in a field that traditionally belonged to men was no soft lady to take what life handed her. It was one of those rare, perfect March days laden with the promise of the warmer months to come. Their excited, carefree voices rang wonderfully in the still evening and Pat found himself smiling. There was nothing overly prodding about Bill's demeanor, but he suspected his enjoyable evening was about to head in a direction he didn't want to go. Why should that change now? For the moment, he ignored his curiosity and opened the envelope. There were a few more pages, but Pat shifted his attention for the time being back to Bill. He hadn't meant that to come out so harshly. The least Pat could do was repay a favor. It was… refreshing. His eyes traveled back to the little dot that would be his home for the next little while. Maybe he'd find the heart to play it again. He hadn't even noticed. She was grateful for that constant in her life and knew that if she hadn't had it in the past year, she probably would have gone insane. She flopped on June's matching loveseat and exhaled. She shuddered and pushed the memories away. Chalk it up to a disastrous lack of judgment, she told herself, and leave it at that. When Aeli opened her mouth to object, June held a finger up for silence. Aeli shook her head and chuckled. Even after her last, fatal encounter with Bryce and despite the shivers of fear that coursed through her when Adam called or sent her letters or snooped through her life––she shuddered and told herself to stop thinking about him––she wanted someone to call her own. In the depth of night, when she was lying curled in her warm blankets, she could no longer dismiss the loneliness. What if he was in the valley right now, looking for her? After all, he knew all of her friends in Washington and breaking and entering didn't faze him in the least. It was their mother's birthday today, so they were all probably down at the main house celebrating. She draped an arm around his shoulders and around June's. She glanced at June and nodded. The moment the second message started playing, Aelissm froze. Then she erased the messages, grabbed her swimsuit and a towel and trotted back out to June's truck, locking the door behind her. Aelissm grabbed a handful and held it under water, amused by how it tickled as it quickly melted. Yet, she had run away that night and kept running and now, here she was, hiding in a remote valley in Montana, terrified that Adam would find her. For good measure, they tossed him five more times. Eight months ago, after his father had been killed in a police shooting, Luke had been sickly, pale and skittish and now he was healthy and happy. How had he ended up with such a splitting headache? The thick fog in his head would not let him. He seemed to be lying on a bed, but he was not certain, and it hurt too much for him to open his eyes. His eyes snapped open, much to his regret; he closed them again, but not before he caught a glimpse of fiery gold hair. That was the only explanation for how he could be sharing a bed with the oldest unwed daughter of the Laird McKinley, leader of his neighbouring clan and one of his closest allies. He remembered a grand feast shared between the two clans to celebrate the arrival of McKinley's first grandson, but between the first toast and this morning, his memory failed him completely. Now he wasn't feeling so sorry anymore. Silence fell on the room, thick and heavy. Out of the corner of his eye, Gerard could see a few curious onlookers looming behind the door, fascinated by the clash between the two lairds. He was about to open his mouth to refute such a preposterous claim, but McKinley stopped him. They retreated hastily when he scowled at them. he said this with a look of disgust and turned towards his daughter. A maid appeared and waited by the open door. It was different seeing his body in broad daylight; the darkness of the night before had concealed his most handsome features. she whispered. The older laird looked up from his desk when Gerard appeared, this time, fully dressed in his tartan colours of purple and red. The years had not been kind to his clan, and it had been McKinley who had helped him triumph against the numerous clan skirmishes. Huh? Gushing. We explode, you could say. I can't help it. I never thought you were a space case. Better. Well, I do have to leave my friend, Bridget, but we weren't that close anymore, I took up drums and she took up becoming a slut, so I was sort of glad I was leaving. Me, I'd rub my Math tests with a big 'A' on the front in her face, and get yelled at because of it. I looked and read her nametag that read the name 'Amethyst'. I turned slightly and watched a guy stroll in with a smirk on his face. Amethyst handed me the paper with a smile, her hazel eyes bright. I guess I wasn't the only one who liked my, as my mom said 'unique', style. I opened it and was in total awe, all over again. The bad thing was that there was a fence cutting it off, but I'd find a way back there somehow. '. Her bedroom was also smaller than mine. I went back to my bedroom and sat on the floor right in the middle of the room. -tootsie. On the other hand, this man looked like he was about to throw up all over the table. My former opponent threw his hands up into the air as his friend next to him shoved him out of the booth. After a year into my undergrad career, I had discovered that I was able to hold in a lot more alcohol than it seemed, based solely on my size. That was the only reason why I found myself in this situation that I was not particularly fond of. If I were them, I wouldn't be able to recognize me simply because of how different I looked. My mind was already spinning and I knew I wouldn't be able to move for a good few hours. By now, I knew there were many more people mingling around the bar simply because the noise decibel level was reaching an astronomical level. To say that I missed her dearly would be the understatement of the century. I slammed my head down into my folded arms and laid there as I heard Gina laugh. I could see a genuine smile on her face as she grinned at me. Now, he was the starting quarterback for the New York Hawks. At the age of 26, he was already a future millionaire, with a new multi-million dollar contract under development. Even with a six hour drive between the two of them, it was impossible to miss the Facebook pictures of them together enjoying the sunny beaches of the west coast. Within a few weeks, the media gave up on trying to force a rivalry between the two. She pressed a button on her cellphone, indicating that it was already well past two in the morning. Despite the fact that I lived a few subway stops away from the Manhattan hotel that the reunion was being held at, I had zero desire to make the fifteen minute commute back to my apartment. He knew me as a strong, confident woman; I didn't want that opinion to change. After not seeing him for eight years and only seeing him on television, it was incredible to see how much he had changed since our teenage years. That was yet another reason why they were the golden boys of our school, and the NFL. It would also be stupid of me to say that he had lost his looks because even if he was out on the field almost every day getting jumped on by heavier safeties, he still looked damn good. I managed to grin, tapping my fingers against the wood surface. He laughed. He might be an all-star wide receiver for one of the greatest teams in league history, but that still didn't give him permission to butt into my life, especially given how we'd barely spoken to one another in our entire lives. He said with a flourish, as another man stepped up beside him. ), and the fluttering in my chest told me that I obviously was still attracted to him on that same physical level, if not more intense. He was honestly one of a kind, both on and off the field. Marcus smiled knowingly at me, since he also knew I was the one who had gotten Kellan Smith beyond drunk. If this man was capable of doing this with just a single stare, what would a single touch do to me? Not only that, but having not spoken to me in high school, I was shocked that he still knew who I was eight years later. The guys at work would die if they knew it. I leaned forward, placing my elbows on my knee as I smiled at him. It was a blow to the ego. . I couldn't exactly say that I had just made my mark in my area of work. Well, obviously he didn't typically hang out with people like me. I gave the driver my address as I settled back into the leather seats. He was frequently photographed at bars and clubs, leaving with random (albeit beautiful) women. By now, the tequila shots were swirling around inside of me and there was no reason to let my newfound 'friend' see me throw up. This man was wreaking havoc on my body. The sudden thrust into fame must have made him immune to the nation wide recognition. I said as he clicked open my door. It was moments like this that I felt like she was the one taking care of me, not the other way around. Instead, he set it down on the countertop, and placed that hand along the nape of my neck. The contact shot tingles up and down my spine, as the desire to close the distance grew stronger. Without thinking, I slid my hand up his chest, feeling the hard muscles beneath his dress shirt. After all, it was common knowledge that Jace Hartman was far out of my league. what the hell was I doing? I highly doubted that he was used to being rejected, especially by drunk women. Who knew when I'd have an opportunity like this again? Screw my alcohol riddled brain. Would he even want me? I began unbuttoning his shirt as well, but I felt his hand grab my fingers as I reached for the third button. There was definitely no reason to inflate his ego now. His breath was heavy, similar to mine, indicating to me that he was just as affected by our kiss as I was. I trailed off, as I let my fingers slide away from his body. He curled a finger under my chin, tilting my head up to look directly into his eyes. I groaned, my hand gripping the front of his shirt tightly when I realized my legs were starting to melt from our kiss. He slipped out the door, letting it slam shut behind him as I stood stock still, incapable of moving from my position against the wall. He won't be back until 2015, so no, I haven't found a way to help the time pass by faster. This one is for me, to make me feel like writing again. A lot of the personalities are ones I take from real life. Give it some time. Enjoy! Sid with her bruises across her body and her god-awful black eye. The woman was a complete stranger. Sid asked in irritation. Penny, the stranger, stopped mid-snip. Not to mention the fact that the whole left side of her torso was black and blue already. she asked. She jumped when she finally saw herself. This would work. She clasps her hands and bowed her head to the statue. Gabrielle immediately bowed, before her stepmother. However, in the actual manner and especially to her stepdaughter, a different side was shown. Gabrielle kept her head down. Reading was for scholars, merchants and people of the state, not girls. Estelle and Rosella were in fancy bedroom with their own plush beds; while was she sleeping on straw in the kitchen. She was not sure if she believed it or not, but from what the people in the town had whispered about the prince and his merciless ways in battle, she was actually rather frightened of the idea of marrying such a man. She remembered, fondly, of going to her ship to get dresses while her mother and father was still alive. On explaining her absences from the ball, Lady Isodara had convinced most of the other nobles that since her father's death she had become a hermit and didn't want anything to do with polite society anymore. Just by looking at them Gabrielle could tell that Rosella would adore her's, but that Estelle would think she looked like an overdressed peacock. Gabrielle walked back to the kitchen, as she heard her stepsisters argue, mostly with Rosella insulting Estelle, and Estelle making snide remarks back until their mother demanded they both go back to their rooms. She bent to pick it up. She stroked her a few more times before setting her down. The shawl, like everything else she owned, was warn and shabby with many ill matching patches and stitches to it. . Gabrielle felt through the stones and peddles, as the water slide over her hands. If she was too late; Isodara might add even more or even make her loose her meager supper. A priestess would come at the end of the week to collect what had been offered at the crossroads. The blonde took one last glance at the plague before she made her way into town. Estelle just didn't acknowledge her, but then again she hardly acknowledged anyone. He looked up smiling brightly at Gabrielle and hugged her tightly around the waist. That was before her stepmother had banned all commoners (who were not workers or servants) from attending the manor. She gave him a tighter hug at that. As she passed the baker's shop a voice came out. The ginger walked up to Gabrielle. The ginger girl reached into her pocket and pulled out a letter. She couldn't imagine her stepsister up to any mischief. She did a courtesy for the bakery girl. The door above the door chimed as she entered. A new adventure would be wonderful. The moment she saw his face she knew something was wrong. They're going to executed him and I have to stop them! . She being the moth and him being the flame, of course. The cheat! He knew that she hated cheaters, but for whatever reason gave into him every time. Yeah, unfortunately, she had become that girl even after promising herself she wouldn't. That all they will ever be is 'friends. It was virtually impossible. If anyone was going to shush her best friend it would be her. Her pencil! With her stinking pencil. Not her though. She always wondered if the bus drivers found it funny to leave helpless teenagers stranded at school because they couldn't catch the bus in time. Whatever, she was sticking with angry. What was so important that she shouldn't have…And then it dawned on her causing her eyes to widen. Kelli freaked. Anyway Kelli actually viewed it more as playing chaperone than anything else. Really, good. He just never seemed to get that. All of the pink and purple packages were a little disorienting to say the least. She was so enjoying using this form of torture on Dylan for the embarrassment she endured in class earlier. She tossed a glance over her shoulder at Dylan, who had still not answered her. Again she looked back over her shoulder at him. His eyes darted back down to that spot again before returning to her face. And being turned on was something Kelli didn't need right now. She was going to freaking combust if this kept up. He was right after all. Talk about sensory overload. Ten of which had finally been sent home for the night. A smart move by Sherry because fifteen girls in one house, over night, was just way too many. All six girls were sitting in a circle on the floor. It's not like they could get into a lot of trouble at their age anyway. To which she answered yes and then had to explain the pros and cons of kissing as they got sidetracked from the game. Kelli was starting to think that this game wasn't as harmless as she first thought. They wouldn't really ask her that question, would they? This couldn't be good. And she was going to tell Shannon no and…wait. She held back the grin that was threatening to erupt on her face. Courage or not, it was her only chance to do this with a semi-plausible excuse. Crap, she thought just before taking the plunge and knocking. Must have caught him while he was working out. Kelli's eyes followed the small trickle of perspiration as it slowly ran down the center of his chest and over firm flat abs, making its way towards his naval. It had to be some sort of record for sure. She knew she would have regretted not kissing him even more than if she did. Not wanting to push the boundaries, but at the same time wanting too. A simple little indulgence for her own keepsake then Kelli started to slowly pull away. She jerked her head back letting out a small audible gasp, shocked by Dylan's quick movement. She lifted her head and looked back at his smirking face. An eight year old can't force you to do something you don't already want to do, right? She went to cover her face with her hands, but Dylan stopped her before she could. And believe me, I hate thinking. I liked to keep things simple. This place was in need of major febreezing. . Why did I pick it up, you ask? I eyed it warily. I could actually go to school now. Why am I mute, you ask? What matters is I'm starting school tomorrow. She laughed at me. That meant I couldn't skip. But it didn't matter, at least I had shelter now. Of course the elevator was broken. She wasn't quite sure of what she saw, and she figured that, rather than risk possible injury by darting onto the busy road to confirm it all, she would stand there with conjecture. A very dead black cat, his whiskers jaggedly poking through the muggy air, his tail flattened against the pavement. That damn cat. She sighed, displeased with the prospect. Her fingers dialed the familiar numbers and she waited with a stirring of butterflies as it rang. Irritating to the very end, she thought bitterly. A glass of cheap red wine helped to ease the sting of his words. The sun began to sink, splaying oranges and pinks across the sky, casting golden light on the fresh grave. And now that cat was dead. She should have showered that morning. Period. Some advice. Heart thudding, passion burning, the past buried under a cherry tree, the night grew heated and steamy. A smile came to his lips as his fingers entangled with her hair. His meow was unmistakable; it was definitely Hunter S. Thompson. Excitement! Gone With A B.A.N.G. My team came out of hiding and chaos insued. The dragon's chest exploded, splattering blood all over her freckled face. MagiTech Alfred finished the message and turned back to the team. The pieces were melted and our job was done. But no amount of bookwork could prepare them for the field. I clasped my hands in front of me and rested my forehead on my thumbs after sitting down on a crate. It itched. I shrugged my pack's strap higher and walked toward the B.A.N.G office. We were jokingly called the Mafia, since we rubbed elbows with some shady fellows. Fat chance. Then we upped them one by discovering mana-tapping. The youngest ever sent to battle I heard of was only ten. Sighing, I tilted back and closed my eyes. I removed my jacket and set it on a hook before making my way to the training room. The industrial waste in this town was polluting everything. I loved the training room but rarely got a chance to visit. He had wide shoulders and narrow hips, toned and shaped from training. I was always dumbfounded how those large loops of metal never came off even though you could fit both hands through one easily. He did it sharply and with precision, clicking his heels and everything. A product of magic-tech. MT Autumn dropped his hand, the glowing dissipated, and turned to salute to me. His purpose was to serve with efficiency and respect. I sent it away with a few taps on the keypad and exited. Too early for me. A mistake. He struggled in vain. I didn't answer. I wiped my eyes and smiled at the expressionless face of our new MT. I pattedAl on the back and stood up, heading to the cockpit. There wasn't even a smile in his eyes. Autumn listened intently but kept his eyes on the sky. I made my way to the cockpit, cussing and stepping over Alfred, who fell off his seat. His hair was extremely soft. When all was righted, I had a feeling the mana stream was between them and us. Thank whoever that the important cargo was strapped down for just this reason. There were indistinct roars as they plummeted from the sky. He went rigid, but his breathing was still heavy and I could see the sweat on his forehead from the strain. I smiled when he looked at me for any further instructions. He'd occasionally twitch involunatry and he was biting his cheek hard. Dillon said his farewell, saluting at us from the cockpit window before taking off with a new load of BANG team members. it's udpates will be few and far between, if I decide to continue it. Prologue. And what do I believe in, you may ask? He's the captain of our school's varsity basketball team and the head of the debate team (looks, brawn and brains-the most lethal combination). Stoppable, no. I've been dreaming about Prom night for my entire life (I'm not obsessive or anything- well, maybe just a little bit). Tell my heart to be still. Cry myself to sleep. BFF Shelly tells me to apologize. All is right with the world. Manage to make it home before I faint. Think of Ryder. My baby is back! Get kicked out. Placate myself with the thought that my first kiss with Ryder will be the stuff that dreams are made of. Refuse. Study together for three months until an astonishing amount of people tell me Ryder is just using me to do his homework for him. Decide that revenge doesn't pay. Why, I don't know. Apologize. Keep it a secret from Shelly, who would undoubtedly be furious, not only because she would think he was using me, but because I was probably getting most answers wrong. Realize the only way is up, baby, for Ryder and me now. Nobody's gonna stand in my way. So, totally don't think anyone is gonna read this because I've been gone for so long and most of you are probably pissed that this isn't an update for Good Girl Going Crazy, but maybe someone will tell me if this new story is a yes or no. Maybe the promotion and move would convince the hard-headed businessman to finally ask that beautiful girlfriend of his to marry him. Rich, attractive men like his sons had to be careful of low class women who wanted them for their deep pockets. Businessmen respected married men and Garrett, as a new boss and player on the corporate chessboard, needed to be respected. He was a loyal son though, and he'd go where he was told…Two o'clock, New Year morning, Baker's Garage, Townsville, QLD. He'd quit smoking over twenty years ago, but tonight, he needed one. She'd be leaving in a few weeks, and it was tearing at his heart. He would not accept that both these men loved her if they were willing to share. Now Suzie was mad at him for being stubborn and Tay wouldn't come to family functions. His bright, cheerful daughter went much deeper than what you saw on the surface though. A job she didn't need when she was teaching dance aerobics at her uncle's gym and had a degree in English! hmmmm. After a nightmarish year involving a roommate and her creepy fascination with knives, I decided to hightail it to the other side of the continent. My best friend was currently three thousand miles away bulldozing through a case of Coronas with the rest of his college buddies, the Five Year Plan in full swing. I could always be a restaurant server until I found my professional niche. I wasn't a world class conversationalist, but chatting over coffee or cocktails would do just nicely. At this rate, I'd be living in a grass hut somewhere in sub-Saharan Africa by next week, just because I saw zebras on TV. I hit the backspace and started again. Any time after noon is fine with me. Don't know a thing about New York other than the fact it makes a huge dent in my bank account? Or maybe I was just flat broke and grabbed every opportunity to freeload. I'd be lucky if it lasted a week in this city. Besides, men who had to advertise for friendship couldn't be too picky. Mr. Wednesday, replied a few minutes after that. It was like community service with perks. Feel free to read one or both stories in whichever order you fancy! There would be no hostility tonight, not toward her anyway. Shallow walls allowed a glimpse of what was held inside, jostled roughly by the carts worn wheels. If the kingdom was lucky, the fishermen had only stirred up enough trouble to last the night. With their shortsighted vigilantism, these men didn't know what trouble they'd potentially caused. Long ago the humans and merpeople had agreed to maintain their space. Calder unconsciously lost himself in an image of the creature flowing and twisting through the water with blue hair cascading and swirling freely. After knocking away Calder's hand, the creature attempted to sit up and push itself to the far end of the cart away from its captors; the last stand of a wounded creature. Despite the feminine traits, he could tell by the chest that it was a male. Even on this cold night, the merman's skin felt feverish and dry. His body rocked back and forth in an effort to escape from his wooden carrier. The scales of silver had departed to be replaced by fair skin that stretched down two long and lean legs that ended, as they should, with feet. Rumors would already be circulating, but the least they could do was keep them at bay until they knew what consequences they were facing. After being wounded, captured, and removed from the water, Calder suspected the merman wouldn't take well to seeing a tall, well-built man with dark eyes and dark hair looming over his defenseless body. While conveniently forgetting the merman had attacked the fisherman, he gritted his teeth in anger toward the men who had bound this delicate and beautiful creature. Until this merman appeared and became an exception. As he reached his hand out to tame the hair, the merman's eyes flicked open. The merman blinked lazily. This was why Calder had initially hesitated using the salve on the merman, but this unexpectedly docile merman was better than the expectedly angry one. The side effects of the salve allowed the merman to explore his surroundings without having fear of them. It was softer than he'd expected, soft enough to make any vainglorious woman wriggle with envy. After a few sips, he pulled back lightly and Calder allowed his head to rest back onto the pillow. Calder was uncertain, but there was a chance Lilium was what the merpeople called Transunda. He was once again surprised by the merman's strange behavior when the merman wrapped his arm around Calder's neck and pulled him downward. The merman's lips softened even more as he embraced the returned kiss before releasing a small sigh. literally. . . Cackling briefly at being called 'old fart', Jac straightened her tone, and got down to business. Sue's boss can't know what's going on. noone but Anne. . Need to talk to you, Bro! Good enough. . . . . did you see that spy movie a couple of years ago? ". HIM? Yeah! . The most positive description for my mood after mother first told me about it a month before Christmas would be skeptical and annoyed. Hobbies, cooking, arts, movies, gardening, pets, sports, history, books… She'd been through a hundred different crazes and they never lasted. She would stop at nothing before she got what she wanted or got tired of it. The other was promptly glaring at us while the other half hid behind his back. I was just their son. Then he would glare so meanly –murderously- that I wouldn't have thought anybody, not to mention a five year old kid, was capable of it. Thank god their neighbor reported him to police. I stayed by myself, waiting for someone else to clean it all up. It must have been one of those unreasonable teenage things, hating your family. Maybe she got interested in moonlight swimming. Never. They were humans, and they sat in my living room crying because they were hungry. Just being angry. The twins probably wouldn't have let me anywhere near them. Why the fuck were they even there? They were marked to be gone bad yesterday, but I figured it wouldn't hurt. I found them from their room. For a reason that then was unknown to me, it made me feel absolutely great. She gave it to me without second thought), then I took them to places, like the park and mall, and I started reading books for them and then teaching them to read. Sometimes I thought I might start hating him, but then I remembered how he had said 'Jamie's hungry', and I couldn't do it. Telling them what they were allowed to do and what they were not. Definitely. I'd tell it was okay. Once he quietly, with a voice slightly trembling with fury, explained to me what exactly he would want to do to their father. I couldn't sleep properly for days. I'm seventeen years old and the only parent they ever had, the only one that would accept them, protect them, take responsibility of all their actions and, of course, love them. I also have an atrocious problem with tense changes, so i apologise for that too. It was best to leave the dramatics and hysterics of daily life to people who were born to be in the spotlight. Not to mention it was very easy for an outgoing, brash person like playboy Asher to miss quiet mousy Madison. Madison had given him a dark scowl, reminded Adam that she wasn't there to fulfil his homoerotic fantasies with other students, before diving back into her search for the Alexander and Hephastion textbook that she needed for her Greek essay that was due in for the week after. What ensued was the most humiliating situation that Madison had ever been in. In fact…. Gunk was building up at the back of her throat and it was getting difficult to swallow without it feeling like she was trying to chew through shards of glass. Granted, Chucky was a scary ginger doll with a penchant for mass murder but Madison never liked to discriminate against the toy population). She was feeling like crap as she had the mother of all colds and all of her friends were too busy to come by with a can of chicken soup or a tub of Ben and Jerry's ice cream. No more sniffles, no more sneezing and no more coughing up horrible gunk that looked like gremlin slime from her lungs. She stared around his room with bleary eyes that couldn't focus properly. Another arm appeared as it hoisted a lean torso and legs over the top and they tumbled through her dorm window and landed flat on their ass on the floor. He tried to cover his nakedness with the edge of it but failed miserably. She yelled, reaching out again for a box of ibuprofen and flinging them at him. His left eyebrow gave a spasm. Lifting it up, Madison took careful aim at the stranger's head. This only caused Madison to struggle more and lash out with her legs but the naked guy had pre-empted this move and pinned her legs down with his thighs. Madison demanded as an after thought. Can't stress enough how naked this guy was. That just made the whole situation a little more awkward than before. ) before reaching out and delicately shaking it. he kicked a rolled up tissue by his foot across the floor. This was so not how she envisioned this day would go. Asher must have tripped over one of the toys on the floor and his momentum sent both of them sprawling back on the bed. Something that in College, particularly, was instantly incriminating and subject to extensive rumour and speculation. Her vocal cords wouldn't obey the signals from her brain. Word. She knew she had to get to him some how! Elissa made eye contact with Zach, and he understood her plan. They crashed. Elissa held up both hands in front of her in defense, flinching. It just made him look even cuter. ? . She chided herself. What an arrogant asshole. Kevin snapped his fingers in front of her. There, quite innocently, was a red stain absorbed by the blue material. And she still couldn't forget that incident when he humiliated her in front of the whole school, on her first day! The wind blew strong and cold, whistling through the trees. She hoped it was right. The wind whipped behind her, threatening to blow it up. Kevin had been snooping around school snapping candid pictures for the school's newsletter. Perhaps they would go out together some time. Elissa blushed and looked down. She saw a flash a light. She wanted to get away from this sickening crowd, she just wanted to evaporate into thin air. She hated being a girl. How could ANY girl like him? She guessed not. I'll be most delighted to received one. Bwahahahahahaha! Plain old mousy brown. I nodded. Please pay attention! He was really cute! At least the universe was back in balance once more. Only crap. enjoy! That's gonna produce some light scrapes. Three times that number looked on passively although I swear they heard and saw what had happened. Move on, move on. Then he goes awarding the top scorers of the entrance exam, which kinda announces to the whole world who the bullies are supposed to pick on later at lunch. Gosh, this new version is harsh! She gets worse every year. Gosh. Cue rolling of eyes. His voice was known to make girls faint. Random fangirl beat me to it. Top of the class for every exam for every subject every year. I didn't mean him. Everyone was whispering. Well, fudge. Besides, I was fairly okay with things when they're kinda near. Hidden in your bag. Captain Obvious reporting for duty. What did he say? He's a big, cocky, arrogant, spoiled jerk who wouldn't think twice about cutting a girl's hair JUST BECAUSE HE FELT LIKE IT. It wasn't enough that he had to take first place in all of the exams and I had to take the half forgettable, half laughed upon second place. Kneeling! Like I deserved it! Last year, he started a  campaign and everyone knew it was false but they spread it around anyway. It took almost an hour for the people at the docks, and then the buildings to blur into an amorphous blob of land. Not that a six foot three, built man with dark hair and soulful hazel eyes could accurately be termed a hatchling, but Florence was sure that he had started out as a hatchling and then grew into the beast that he was now. Her shoulder length, straightened hair reacted to the water in the air by immediately transforming back into an uncontrollable mass of golden, frothy curls. It probably wouldn't be so bad if she wore those ugly looking deck shoes, but she had only seen one pair and those were on his feet. If she lived through this, she would blame her parents, Florence decided. Her parents had immigrated to Canada from Scotland with almost nothing, but now ran a successful antique shop in a middle class neighborhood in Toronto. In a way, they had gotten their wish, but as a journalist in the hot new tabloid, GOSSIP, she was writing mostly fiction. If it was not very interesting, then it was cut down to a caption consisting of sentence or two by the editor, Jason Larson, and she received not as much money. The repercussions that the lie would have if spread usually stopped Florence from adding more false, but juicy details the editors were looking for. She took a picture of a once happy couple and wrote an article bashing the guy for leaving his wife to take care of their many children while he waltzed around Europe with a much younger woman, who was not the same woman he had left his wife for. Everyone knew that. With one article, Calder Drake went from onscreen romantic hottie to possibly being the sexy, but dreaded 'other man'. No, for her, his voice was low, succinct and mean. Get up, you idiot! ". again. . well, you get the point. . . . . . My thoughts rime. ," she started her rant. So what if I got detention? Or better said, flavour of the week. Wait, why was I even surprised? . . I felt generous today. . ". . mutually using eachother. Sex? Tell me what you think! The large pool seemed so empty and forlorn, dried out, as it was, for the winter. He shrugged. Suddenly, my door opened. Had she just said Saturday? The better idea was to walk down the hall to my boyfriend's apartment. So here we were, living not three minutes from my boyfriend's doorway. Maybe if I brought a peace offering, he would be more partial to me this morning. When I drew near, I froze, hearing his voice inside the room. Who the hell was he talking to? It wasn't as if I didn't give him everything he wanted. It took me only a minute to start to step away from him. How long? I don't know how I managed it, but I somehow stumbled out of his apartment and back to my own. There was a scowl on her face, until she saw me clearly. She held me and rocked us slowly. Even when I thought that my eyes had run dry, I thought of him again and the wells sprung forth. Would I ever stop crying? The light burned my eyes and only caused me to sink further into my bed. How could I tell her that my heart would never mend? She'd be annoyed that I'd gotten in so late, say a lady doesn't travel in these conditions. I could still remember the sad look on my dad's face when he told me I should take my grandmother's offer to teach me. Said it was his fault her daughter died. No cash, no garage. But I could remove the carburetor from the intake manifold faster than any of the guys there. As if that's all a woman my age that's not married could think about. Less was definitely not more with these people. Hoped it could make it. I knew this car like the back of my hand, but in these conditions, I really didn't want to be messing around with it. ) Then I remembered the driveway. I remembered the tiny shaggy lawn back at the garage and made myself walk faster. I didn't care if I had to annoy them to the door, I came all this way, I wasn't about to turn around. Two other rooms attached to this front hall, and more rooms attached to those. I wasn't sure what to say, but he said,  Then before I could refuse, walked out. Another night in the backseat. No, I wasn't having it. Not that I noticed. That seemed to amuse him. Well, at least tomorrow I could fix my car and go on my way, never have to deal with him again. Damned Midwestern snowstorms. "Whatever. Do I look stupid? Or someone. Unauthorized duplication is prohibited. A child perhaps? All of us, except him. But for Kristian O'Connell, not as such. Task done, I allow the music to wash over us for a couple minutes. I'd left campus at the start for this cheap, rundown share-house. A complete bed would have meant I couldn't move at all. Anything but quiet at night. I don't feel like sleeping tonight. I toss the pillow onto his stomach, and lean back on the one already under my head. He repeats this mindless action a couple times before shoving it underneath his head. Please file Galen Lake under 'yawn'. Before I can contemplate the action, he is over me, on top of me, around me, his body covering mine. The hand on my neck pulls me towards him and soft lips press themselves firmly against my own. It's exhilarating. Subscribe. I want you to fuck me up". Got it, I thought, as I swiped it with my finger. I checked that my necklace, bracelet and earring set was back in its rightful place, and then brushed my hair and pulled it into a neat pony tail. Suffice to say, my mother bought all of my make up and I only wore it because it pleased her. I rolled my eyes when I finally locked my door behind me. I got out of and made my bed before collecting my Thursday clothes and heading down to the bathroom to take the cleanest shower cubicle. I was running late, and I was not happy. I put on my slip-on canvas shoes and ran across the grass to where my next lecture was being held (all the while polishing my apple as clean as I could with the handkerchief in my bag), as I entered, the theatre's usual chatter fell into silence as all fifty students turned their heads to look at me and started whispering. Me in my little OCD world, always looked flawless … in some ways, anyway. Admittedly, this wasn't my favourite lecture, but it wasn't bad for Thursday morning and Mr. Casey was a good lecturer. I hadn't stripped down for anyone … I didn't understand. What a joke! It couldn't get rid of my thoughts, though. I, on the other hand, had never had a man in my bed. Because I had no idea what that was even about. He and one of his mates shared the room opposite mine on the open square shape of our building, and they often left their blinds open, so I could often observe the perfection of his chest. I just stood there, shell-shocked. I even spotted some third-year boys; I didn't think I'd see the day where they would interact with first-years, no matter how hot they were. It seemed that the first-years were now singing along to Jet's  very, very loudly. I mean, it just wasn't realistic. The gist of the great offense was that Alex would pinch Nick's keys, and then we would go from there. It was perfect, really. I stole into his room, and did what I had to do. And I took photos of every single pair with my camera: Facebook photos! I went and grabbed a towel and my toiletries bag. , which meant that it was time for me to go back to my room and catch a couple of hours or sleep before my tutorial session. m. He's naked! Surely this was a dream. Fuck me. He's seen my boobs. It would have been a peck, short, sweet, simple, easy, but Nick put his hand against the small of my back, just above the line of my undies and pulled me against him. Thank you. It beat having to sneak out in the middle of the night to get drunk or fanoodle with boys, risk getting caught and getting our asses kicked out of school before we could even graduate. Stoked. I couldn't tell about his smile though, he wasn't smiling, he was looking absolutely bored out of his skull. I may have been short, but nobody could peg me for being young considering my well developed body… Unless I wanted them to. I spit it out of my mouth and glared at Mr. Almost Hottie again and I found him smirking. Man, but he was a specimen of perfection, in the physical sense. He unzipped his hoodie and I noticed his shirt did have the name of my town on it. My height, or lack there of was good for something at least. Plus, nobody else liked to people watch with me. I rolled my eyes at him and took a big messy bite out of my hot dog, making a humming noise of delight when the condiment covered goodness entered my mouth. They kept leaning towards each other to talk and they both ended up laughing every time, I swear I saw one of them pat the other one on the butt. I smiled. My eyes widened. I wiped some of the chili from the fries off on my pants and stuck out my hand to the guy. Nobody ever got my corny little jokes. I did the previous, deciding to ignore his remark about me being offensive. I said before standing and waiting for him. I felt like Alfred-Emerson and I had been friends for years, not just hours. I couldn't remember what we hadn't been on. He shook his head with a small smile. I hadn't remembered that one. Despite all that we had talked about, we hadn't really talked about anything relating to our own person. I asked. They had the sappiest love music playing, with pictures on the walls of lovey dovey romance stuff. he finished, not looking at me. I asked. Even though I'd only known him for a few hours, I wasn't uncomfortable, I've always been a touchy feely person. Before I met up with my friends, Emerson turned to me. He pulled away after a minute. Thank you much. But, no, all I got was a reputation for saying 'I told you so' when someone got a paper cut, and a much-adored buddy who thought I was weird. ' Or, 'it's truly admirable that she's working on a cure for cancer, but does that cancel out the way she picks her nose at the tea table? Girl and boy become friends in primary school, girl and boy remain besties all through the trials and tribulations of high school, girl and boy go to uni together, girl falls in love with boy, boy hooks up with some random called Phyllis. The late 1800's? The menu in the cafe seemed to offer a full length biography on every last morsel you intended to consume, down to the type of music the beetroot listened to whilst it was growing. . Honestly, couldn't she be just a little bit rubbish? The glint in his eye, however, told me that he was just as amused by the wanky menu as I was, and knew all too well where my head would have gone with it. Will wouldn't ever be that rude. For me. I knew Will was about to dump Phyllis for me, just as I knew the woman behind me was about to burn her tongue on the soup she'd ordered. I was sure my expression, as I turned to look at her, was the same as Will's; guilt spread thinly like a facemask over an undeniable glow. ). ). Almost a decade. You're staying the night". Can I go home"? So, the ending would do nothing, but confuse everyone. Though, I don't know how similar the two will be once I'm done with the rewrite… the way things are going now, the rewrite is going to be drastically different. I just posted the first chapter of the updated version and I didn't want to get in trouble for having both versions up at the same time. The last time someone tried to rescue her, well, it was better to not think of what happened and suppress the events somewhere inside a dark corner of her shattered mind. Fixing terrified eyes on the broad shouldered man that resembled so close to her rapist, she screamed in terror as the man took a step toward her. Too late, he realized Maria saw the fury on his face, shuddered violently as she choked back vicious coughs, then curled into a foetal position. When the translator arrived, Matthew breathed out a prayer, but even with language help, nothing got through to Maria. Didn't look a day over seventeen. Hope, an emotion she hadn't felt since she hit thirteen, started creeping through the crevices and cracks of her empty heart. Didn't you learn nothing, she chastised herself furiously. She didn't respond to the wind screaming itself hoarse as it picked up in intensity and hail started pelting down relentlessly against the roof. The hunger pains were nothing if not inconvenient. Same characters, well main ones anyway. Girls wanted him, and he played that to his best. But honestly, I wasn't nearly as 'cool' as my friends were. I mean for the most part it was good, but then again it was annoying because that's the only thing people usually saw in me. '- and nothing more. I had never, ever done anything bad in my entire seventeen and a half years of living. . Then again, I don''t know why that would have gotten her into the principal's office. 'Hmm, I bet he likes red…'. It wasn't everyday that I got rejected for a handshake of all things. I found it even more peculiar that he was using his full name. And on top of that, this Beckett guy was sort of cute. ' I was very curious to know why people were so mean to him, but I decided not to pry. Not that I didn't like art or anything, it just always seemed to be more enjoyable to the people who were good at it. Ashley was a pretty blonde girl that always had sort of a hippy-ish vibe to her wardrobe and Corey was a bit on the flamboyant side, but was one of those guys that would never admit that he was gay in a million years. Beckett set his backpack down onto the table and turned to me, his face suddenly very serious. She was more of an abstract artist though, so whatever she was painting was far beyond my artistic comprehension. Okay, maybe not dying, but whatever. It was like he'd entered some sort of a trance, that is, up until three minutes before the bell was due to ring. Whoa. I swallowed hard to keep the vomit on the right side of my body. I whispered. This was exactly what I'd been afraid of. But he was the biggest jerk I knew. I was the cheapest of cheap drunks. Hungover me though… I don't even want to go there, though somehow I'd ended up there anyway. That's for being a jerk. Frankly, I hoped for the latter, he was a rockstar after all. But my brain had decided to activate its tunnel vision and I only had eyes for the gorgeous guy that was looking really bored all by himself. At least that told me where the heck I was. I blamed this all on my parents for raising me wrong. Somehow, I hoped that was indeed true. I bet I knew what he was thinking now though. Somehow, I couldn't exactly place it this time. Didn't it know that drinking was bad for you? I giggled, stretching the l-word. Humiliation, definitely humiliation. Oh anyways. I should really cut down the alcohol. I bet he was thinking about me that time. All those years I thought he hated me. My headache was slowly fading, making it easier to think. I guess that would be my fault. He wrinkled his nose at me. Jake let out a big sigh and followed me, opening the door for me and handing me a toothbrush. I asked and giggled, opening my mouth and breathing my new fresh air into his face. My eyes fluttered open when I felt the weight pressing down on the other side of the bed. I say through my pursed lips. Slowly he pulled me down. And I liked it! But it still came as a shock that I had liked it. And not through a crappy X-factor slash Idols show either. I knew I would feel horrible throughout the rest of the day though. Why the hell couldn't he just go with an honest expression instead of staring at me like a doll? It wasn't like I cared. It wasn't like I cared that he didn't care for me. I wouldn't talk to him again, even if he'd crouch down and tell me that he'd become a rockstar to impress the girl next door he'd been in love with since he'd been five. She would probably tell me that she'd known I'd loved Jake for the longest time. I looked up to it and cursed it. I glared at the person and he just shrugged, walking past. But that would just be a juvenile thing to do, so I fell down on the couch. I suddenly felt very glad that I'd taken the time to brush my teeth after I'd taken my shower. Finally, I was in the position of the girls I'd envied. he added dryly. I nodded wisely. he shook his head. Especially this time since I will definitely edit it. Please leave a review with your opinion~! I said I was curious. I dunno, I just really love this time of year. I rubbed my forehead in frustration, taking off after him. I knelt down so I was eye-level with him. You'd think he'd stop taking off like a chipmunk that had overdosed on caffeine, then. he murmured. With his matching Power-Rangers pillowcase in his hand, he bounced on his heels in anticipation. His hair, which was brown and somewhat short, was deliberately messed up so it looked disheveled. Then he paused and furrowed his eyebrows. I added as an afterthought. he begged. Brandon resumed his zombie-act and gave them all candy. We essentially started talking, however, when we were placed in the same Chemistry lab group for a few months. My cousin was telling me with his eyes to reject Brandon's offer. Brandon opened my hand and put a candy bar in my palm. Jake had just gone up to a new house and Brandon and I were waiting out by the street. It wasn't that I didn't trust him, it was just that I would have rathered keep my hide in one piece past Thanksgiving. Brandon pulled out an over-sized football jersey and a black thick-point marker. I informed him, trading him my sweatshirt. It smelled good. He began to lightly sketch the black lines right under my eyes. I lowered my gaze, my eyes fixed on the piles of leaves at our feet. After two more hours of endless houses, nonstop walking and the same routine over and over again, the three of us finally found ourselves on the north side of the neighborhood, up by Westbury Road. A shiver went through my body and I stuck my hands in the pockets of my jeans. he questioned, leaning against the tree opposite from mine. The moon was shining through the few remaining leaves on the trees above us, casting slivers of white light onto the ground. And we still had to walk all the way back to our end of the neighborhood. The kids running back and forth across the lawn and the street paid no attention to us. It took me a second to realize that, although he wasn't cleaning marker off my cheek anymore, Brandon's hand was, once again, still resting on the side of my face. Our eyes were locked and I felt too nervous to even blink. I took a few steps toward him. I mumbled, holding onto him as we started across the street. And he looked very upset. He plopped down off to the side of the street and sobbed into his knees. Without explaining anything to the furious mother, we both took off in opposite directions, searching frantically for my cousin. They all shook their heads negatively. They were the uncontrollable kind; the kind that rose to your throat and made you feel choked when you were scared beyond belief. When the thought of never finding him entered my brain, I had sunk down on the curb, not knowing what else to do. One pair was wearing ripped-up blue jeans and the other legs (much smaller) had on red Power-Rangers pants. My eyes flickered to the seven-year-old standing beside him. Only after the multiple of exclamations of,  did I let him down. I put my forehead against his shoulder and stayed like that for a while. My hand was anchored around the handle of a coffee-mug, and every once in a while I'd raise it to my mouth to take a sip. Besides; my mother had told me to answer the door for any last trick-or-treaters. Then I took off his football jersey and handed it back to him. I fished my key out of my back pocket, gave Brandon a quick hug goodbye, and waved as I stepped inside. He knew fully well that, although I'd get most of the heat because he had been my responsibility, Jake still would've gotten in trouble for running off in the first place. After emptying his glass, Jake had grabbed his pillowcase full of candy and gotten into my family's car so my mother could take him back to his house. he joked. I dug through it with my fingers, trying to read the wrappers in the dim lighting. I froze completely and tried to speak, but my words caught in my throat. He glanced over his shoulder at me for a split second, grinned at the elementariness of the entire situation, and turned back around. The trick-or-treating, the thrown-together costume, the innocent flirting and, to finish it off, the naive little kiss on the lips. This plot was just floating in my head for a few days and I figured I'd better write something with a whole bunch of fluff before I went nuts from lack of writing anything in forever. Thanks! Remember to be back before eleven. Your father and I can take care of this ourselves. Later on, she plopped down in a seat at the Dean's counter. It's not like I'm the only one here just because a guy I like here is. Kiara shook her head, the silver hoop earrings she wore jangling merrily. Shelli asked, her face confused. I can't believe they're like, invited here! Adam probably invited them. Whatever". Whirling around, they saw none other that Tim himself! " If you say so. Catch". The boy nudged his friends and grinned. Kiara then smiled sweetly at him. Now he had to drive home dripping and sticky. I'd like some feedback! Do not recreate or repost elsewhere without permission. Damien sent Tony an eye roll before chasing after the pale girl. And at least he wasn't flaming like Damien. It wasn't that he was ashamed of his homosexuality; he just didn't go out of his way to advertise it, which is probably why he was more often than not without a partner. Five people who would do anything for one another, and usually did. She pulled back giggling and settled beside him, just as her boyfriend, the tallest black man Tony had ever met, arrived at the table. But he didn't know why. Sheera talked about him often. He long ago learned that anyone Damien thought would be a good match for him, usually ended up being the exact opposite. And by the way she was complaining about the ass right now, he didn't know how Sheera hadn't come to that conclusion yet. Curious, he tuned into the one-sided conversation. Tony had half a mind to take off right now and be gone before she came back out. Tony had thought the kid had no fear…. He hated large hurried crowds in an environment that simply screamed stressful. There was no eighteen year old to be seen. The moment he caught sight of Tony looking, the guy backed away into the shadows again. If that wasn't Shane, then he didn't want to leave Sheera approaching some moody stranger. What the hell happened to him? From the corner of his eye, Tony clearly saw the guy was staring at him, but when he turned in his seat to face Shane fully, the kid immediately turned to look out the window. However, Tony often thought that if Sheera were a man, then maybe he might have tried to date her. It was the first time he noticed the brat's lip was busted and swollen like hell, both eyes were blackened, and the entire left side of his face had taken a beating. Deep soulful sapphire orbs… large eyes that widened in surprise at being scrutinized so intensely by his own. Clearly the boy had been beaten up all over. It wasn't his business and he didn't know why he had stuck his nose into it in the first place. Only those startled blue eyes continued to interfere with him trying to black out his thoughts. Fortunately it was Damien. Shane numbly nodded and then quickly looked away. But hopefully, since it was a weekday, the club will have emptied by the time they arrived. He avoided any and all bright spots created by the lights around the outside of the club, and pulled away from Sheera every time she tried getting close to his face. Far more than he should actually. Otherwise she'd make a big scene over it and that wasn't going to help anyone. Since the club was closed, Damien allowed smoking inside after hours. Tony kicked the chair away and grinned when Caleb opened his eyes and glared. Shane's hair flew out in all directions, even though Tony was sure the brat didn't keep like that normally. Tony shut his eyes in agony. He felt unusually angry as he knelt and studied the bruises on Shane's stomach and chest. And when Tony slid his whole hand over and lightly caressed the colored skin with his palm, the brat's breath hitched and his face flushed more. Or was he simply reacting to gently hands caressing his skin? He wondered if the brat thought Damien was only joking. Tony called as he spotted the scary Sheera chasing right behind him. It was refreshing watching him interact with them. It should be illegal for eyes to be that big and blue. Tony gripped his glass of water a little more tightly when the brat approached him, looking adorably sheepish. I don't know anything about psychology, I took one class my freshman year to fulfill my gen-ed requirements and got out of there as fast as I could, but I do know a little something about numbers and…the numbers are looking bleak. It's not advanced mathematics. Seems like a good long time, doesn't it? If it went on forever this would be a divergent infinite series, but it doesn't go on forever, it ends with death, and probability states that my series will most likely end at 1/77. Then I got high, fretted over my own mortality and the fact that my life was not destined to be anything close to a divergent infinite series, and added them all up, from 1 to 1/77. I blink twice and all of a sudden it's December and I have to buy my little cousins Christmas gifts and get my car inspected, and then about ten minutes after that it's April and the lady from my dentist's office is calling to remind me that I have an appointment coming up even though I could swear I was just there a few weeks ago. He doesn't have to let me live here, I've probably long overstayed my welcome, and he says he doesn't care but trusting people is not one of my stronger suits, because the things people say and the things they actually do don't always tend to coincide. I ask. It's probably better for this guy to keep my name off his album anyway. He was a hermit, she called him, like a hermit crab. If he's older than 77 that is. 28571 = 28. I got it when I got it. I'd had enough of him. I was tired of standing at the back of the stage with one hand hanging uselessly at my side while I played boppy little five note riffs on some inane synth setting, listening to his reedy, whispery voice that I guess he thought sounded mysterious, but really just sounded lazy and weak. I was done arguing with him and feeling bad for him, I was done missing my family, I was done playing music that I hated, I was done walking on eggshells every day because everything I did got on his nerves and everything he did got on mine. Times. Did you not see that? I added in a small voice. He didn't want to know the details of my sex life, nobody wanted or needed to know that, but now anybody in the world with an internet connection and even a shred of curiosity could know all about it with nothing more than a tap of the finger. I didn't understand. Now Jonah. I didn't even know him that well, and it didn't seem like he was a good person from his letter. He had seemed to coordinated yesterday for a first meeting. Was I so starved for attention that I would sleep with some random stranger? I don't care how good it felt at the time. How women can forgive I guy so easily for anything if he does a little something nice for her. Asshole, I sniffed. Slowly he untangled himself from the blonds arms, and stood up. The same had happened to him a few times before. He withdrew a piece of paper and a pen from the inner pocket. The room was paid for for another day so he could rest for awhile. So I humor him and only watch when I know he's not here. Some tourist caught him and his boyfriend during their day out. I mean aren't they supposed to be really secretive and hard to find? Something which had failed to astonish me - and most likely half of America. . Jonah. I mean, what the fuck? I just stand there, shocked into staring. He's wearing the black cargo pants and dark blue shirt I had so much fun taking off last night. Not after what he did. Just so you know. Reserve harsh judgement's for later chapters! Enjoy. Even now, I botched a critical assignment, which might lead to an involuntary resignation of my freelance position at Modern Suave, a magazine agency that covered bachelors under 30 who were loaded with cash for the benefit of single ladies all over the country. The flounderer. Right before the bomb counts down to an explosion. I was close to supplicating on all fours. Sympathy written across his face. It was just my luck that I got set up with the worst of the rotten bunch. However, I poured out the whole narration, seeing as there wasn't much of an option for me. By the time I left my apartment, I was satisfied to know that I didn't reveal anything I didn't want revealed, and that it was professional and classy enough to greet a wealthy prince. Both belonged to him. Comparing this man to a mental photograph of Mr. Ko that was stored back in my computer file, I knew he was not the man I came for. He could have been a detective investigating me for all I knew. He gave me a more welcoming smile and invited me in, notifying me that he would announce my arrival to Mr. Ko. Rather than paintings on the walls, there hung sculptures, carvings, and contemporary art not on flat canvases. Even stranger, he held a bowl of cereal. Maybe even diamond. Some were stacked on small tables, perhaps being read at random. I tried very hard not to smirk or act uneasy at his near nakedness. It wasn't an apologetic grin for sure. Worse, he provided no useful information for my article. Working for a devil like Raiden Ko must be agony. I was closer to see the inside of his bathrobe. The imprint of my hand surfaced on his cheek right away. Really feared it as if I were in a dark subway underground with shady obscure figures. I had no funds sufficient enough to carry me through a court battle. He stuck his hands into his pants pockets. It was just so difficult to remain jubilant and optimistic when I accepted my hefty rewards from Gratus in the days that followed. Still, he thought savagely, if his father hadn't insisted on his going to this stupid house party none of this would be happening. and then he had stopped in practically every town between Alex's home and Sam's current location. . As it was, a bleary eyed stable hand came to take his horse when he dismounted and the door was already opening as he climbed the stairs. Out of impulse he reached out and lifted her face. And I'm the stick thin, boobless loser, who just wants to be left alone. I am also your average loser. Etc. And despite that she still manages to be popular. He works out, you can see that from the muscle on his arm, about six foot and has a crooked smile. And they had stolen it. My bra. But Michael had already won. Or do I have to move you myself? Then I went to find a new locker. I had also stuck a post-it-note to the locker, saying, 'It's mine. Just when I'd escaped into a quieter hallway, Connors came along and jolted against me. ' He said suavely, bending down and picking up my books. The only reason would be the locker. ' I said shortly. You look like a teddy bear. This guy drives a Bentley! ' He cut me off. ' I said sarcastically. ' He said suavely, and left. ' Squealed Julia excitedly. I didn't know it was you who stole his locker! 'He stole mine. You can't even have sex with him legally! Favours returned! I smile; I love my grandmas' pies. I look up at my grandma and then something catches my eye, because something – or – someone was behind her. I grimaced as he flashed me a smirk and shook hands with my father. I can't believe that he's standing in my front room, chatting up with my parents. There is no turning back from this hate. I reach the bottom of my stairs and start to head up, before my mother stops me. I never want to see him again, but I know that's not possible because I have to eat dinner with him. She picks up on the third ring. I'm pretty sure that he was born like that…Later…I survived dinner without another word to Graham. And oh my god, Graham walks into the shed and closes the door behind him. I bite down on the pie and accidentally catch my own tongue in the process, since I wasn't paying much attention to my eating skills. He is pleading for entrance to my mouth and gently, I part my lips. ! I question fiercely. He swallows thickly. I mean, it's not his fault he's so adorable and he was only trying to get my attention with all the jokes and jerky attitudes. I mean it was kind of sudden and everything. I am finally within one foot of him and I do the only thing I know to stop him. He asks, breathlessly. As I smile happily into the kiss, I can't help but notice that he tastes exactly like banana cream pie. Thanks! Then, scratching what was left of his hair, he'd apologize. It was a boom box, a replacement for the system I'd accidentally broken. Each song would conjure images and faceless people, my fingers sinking into the maroon floor. Supposedly, she was dating a roadie for the Dave Matthews Band and thus, she'd been catapulted to deity status. Occasionally, boys would listen and leer. Whatever the conditions, I knew that I detested my pink walls. The entire room was maroon. However, its intensity threatened to be short. Tape the poster of Steve McQueen above my bed, without my Mom scolding that I'd ruin the paint. When my Mom displayed a ring of crimson around her irises, I knew it was officially summer. I recognized the clomping of my Dad. Picture frames wrapped in newspaper shielded the contents. Fortunately, this non-existent money materialized the minute she  to buy a pair of pumps or a gas grill. He smiled, a gesture I returned. I recognized an odd pang of endearment for our secret  our silent dissent. I remember them gaping, probably wondering when their child had transformed into a monster. The cluttered apartment seemed like miles of desert. As cruel as it sounds, I'd begun to miss my Dad and savor the absence of my Mother. But the computer screen extracted the warmth of his voice, technology transforming him into a ghost. Regularly, she'd ask the same question multiple times, convinced that the answers were lies. I wasn't about to throw down my arms, naked and vulnerable for a surprise attack. And on. School was just always better when you had your best friend with you. In the slightly biting wind of early September they were ideal. I was tempted to ignore it and just stay in the house out of spite, but then Mom had to ruin it by ushering me out of the house. Identical triplets. I had yet to make a mistake. After all, women could be quite persistent when they knew what they wanted. There was something different in his eyes as he looked at me. Something he wasn't telling me. They had finally gotten divorced when I was twelve. Thank God for small mercies. Yes, I was one of them, though I liked to believe that if someone were to look at me, they wouldn't be able to tell. Well, Christian and David don't at any rate. My father did too, though he would never admit to this out loud. Including the fact that my father's new wife was pregnant. One of them, Kate, let out a delighted squeal when we walked into the class, making the rest of us turn to look at her in confusion. I loved sitting by windows, especially in dull classes, it gave me something to do when I wasn't listening to the teacher. Though, one would think that after seventeen years of knowing one another it would be more or less committed to memory by now. Why did he care about this? Jack was deep in conversation with one of his friends, but as though sensing my gaze on him, his eyes shifted and met mine. I frowned and looked away from him, smiling at some of the other guys at the table who called out a greeting. I felt my heartbeat slow down and my breathing regulate,  I managed finally, glaring at Gina who was watching me with amused brown eyes. We had been talking and laughing when I had walked right into Gina. He'd known I'd heard every word. I'd turned to look at her with confused gray eyes and her face had softened,  She'd asked in an almost kind voice. Gym. Dear God, what was wrong with me? I could never mix them up! That was true enough of Christian and David, but what I felt around Jack wasn't remotely sisterly emotion. A small, genuine smile curved his lips before he turned and made his way to the rest of the class who seemed surprisingly oblivious to what had just taken place. Make sure you Read and Review! But then things start to get weird as one by one the delinquents of the club start to want Sony's comfort in their everyday life problems. Sony is what you would call a Wallflower. Ever since her first year of middle-school to now junior year she never really had any friends. Finally summoning up the courage Sony walks up to the boy, getting up to a closer look at him she noticed he had blue eyes and wavy blond hair. Okay, now he's getting annoying. She cleared her throat one more time before pointing to the seat he was in. There is no way she is letting this blond nobody taking it! He stopped beside Sony and sent her a glare before walking down the halls scrunched over and grumbling to himself 'insane bitch'. Seconds ticked by before the woman sighed and leaned back in her chair. Well, that was a rumor but Sony isn't going to take her chances. Thanks so much for all the support! One of these friends of Rowan's took out his cell phone and snapped a quick photo of the little sleeping beauty as proof that he wasn't always the monster he would become once they woke him. She probably never would have been friends with Dane at all if he wasn't Rowan's roommate. Hold her hostage till her big brother, also a powerful judge did what the boss wanted, this would convince big brother they meant serious business. Chris did his research, she and maybe one more person were in the building, no one was outside but them, no one would hear her being grabbed. No one knew, the people he worked for, they might kill him if they knew the truth, only Chris knew the truth because one day he found out and Jerry didn't deny it. Their job as to kidnap Sydney and hold her at the house till a dissension was made. All these questions ran through her head. she had to ask, it was gnawing at her. She knew her brother sometimes would get in too deep with people he shouldn't, she and Dillon were close, that's maybe why the picked her to kidnap and not his wife or anyone else around him. He stood against the door frame with his arms crossed over his chest and just looked at her. She learned a long time ago how to deal with her emotions and learned how to survive in huge messes, some almost as worse as this. she said. ' he kept asking himself. No one got to Chris but it seemed Sydney did, that was something new Jerry saw. During winter, when the pond's water froze, Nicole would bring her ice skates with her and spend an hour skating, laughing as she watched Apollo slip and slide as he chased after her. She just wanted to be alone. Rolling her eyes, she let go of him, and watched as he sprinted over to one of the swing sets and started sniffing the ground. He listened to her when she needed someone to talk to, and he let her curl up next to him whenever she felt sad. She relayed the afternoon's events in her mind for the twentieth time, and cringed. She shook her head, thinking about how stupid she must have looked. she said. She had been there and done that, and as far as she was concerned, once was enough. Nicole burst out laughing, but quickly stopped when the school's head librarian glared at her. He was facing three of his team mates and was obviously in the middle of telling a funny story because the other three boys were all looking at Sullivan with amusement in their eyes, and a grin on their face. he asked, as he started to follow her out of the gym. She did not like the fact that Madison was making a beeline for them, nor did she like the determined look on Madison's face. Madison added, crossing her arms over her chest and giving Nicole a deliberate once-over. She had never been more embarrassed in her entire life, so she did the only thing she could think to do. Finally, Sullivan asked if he could sit down. It swirled in the air like smoke before dissipating. He sat down next to her, placed his head on her knee, and eyed Sullivan warily. Not now, anyway. She remembered the book on the bench beside her, and quickly snatched it up with the same hand. She had never noticed just how dark his eyes were until now. He was looking at her, though, like he had never looked at her before. She was about to say something when Sullivan took a step toward her. She moaned quietly – so quietly Sullivan almost missed it – and opened her eyes to look at him. she added, smiling. Apollo, relieved that they were finally going to start walking, began tugging on his leash, his nose to the ground. She always would. They, along with a few others, were part of a group that the rest of the school deemed 'The Crew'. Most girls were scared by his intense nature, and although admired his attractive looks, barely gave him a second glance when compared to his friends. Many boys at the school fell in love with her because of her kind nature and stunning beauty. It just didn't make sense to anyone. The project was dissecting human nature, and the two disagreed vehemently. He disagreed, handing her a bag of chips, ), types of movies, environmental issues, human nature, everything they could talk about. Isabelle smiled before curling up against him. The more he thought about it, the more he thought he should. Alex shifted again until Isabelle was against his chest with him behind her cradling her softly. His breathing quickened when he stared into her brown eyes. Isabelle giggled softly before he slammed his mouth against hers. Isabelle pressed her body against his and ran a hand delicately through his hair. Alex groaned when he felt her hand run through his hair, and he pressed closer. He hated Isabelle, the fact that she was 'lower' than them on the popularity scale. Besides, she thought, as long as he was sweet when they were alone it was fine. He doesn't need to see how much he hurt her. She had a killer body that she flaunted at every chance, and was normally Michael's on and off again girlfriend. Isabelle wrapped an arm around her stomach as if to keep herself from falling apart. Isabelle forced a smile. Just hope that they would be happy. This blow hurt in a way she didn't understand. Katie opened the door quickly, and gasped when she saw the state her best friend was in. Isabelle began to breathe normally with the soothing atmosphere, but she still couldn't stop tears from pouring out of her eyes. She just noticed how caring, thoughtful and intelligent she was. This question made Isabelle cry harder. No matter what he did or said to anyone at school, he was so completely in love with her. Alex was hopeless in love with Isabelle, even if he refused to tell her. Her chest ached, but she pushed away the pain and smiled at everyone as she passed them by in the hallway. Isabelle would most definitely not want to bring up those feelings again. Instead she talked with a few of her friends from her Econ class. It went by unnoticed the fact that Alex was twice the asshole he used to be, being more brooding and just heightening his image as a 'bad boy'. Isabelle smiled awkwardly at him, brushing her hair out of her face. She winced at the pain, but refused to let him know he hurt her. Isabelle felt her eyes water. She mulled over it for awhile before figuring out what she was going to do. Isabelle scrambled to her feet, shoving the book she had been reading back in her purse. Alex spun around to face her, looking at her incredulously. She shook off the thought, pursing her lips and stepped forward. Isabelle was thrown off by his vicious tone, but shrugged it off. His expression was guarded, his eyes expressionless now. Isabelle wrapped an arm around her stomach as if to keep the hurt contained to that area of her body. His dark blue eyes inspected her closely before he nodded. She mimicked his movements more gracefully, sitting next to him with her knees to her chest. Isabelle felt the same pang of sympathy, and acting on it, she reached over to soothe the hair from his face, caressing his cheek. Isabelle blushed, but couldn't forget the fact that he broke up with her. She hesitated,  Alex's eyes hardened before turning his gaze to look at the setting sun. ' kind of look. He repeated,  At this, he poked a finger to his chest. She rubbed her nose tenderly against his, smiling when she saw him do the same. Isabelle broke off to start giggling. They were going to be stronger, because they had something no one else they knew had. Love it anyway? There is never any unusual expression that crosses their faces, perhaps a pleasant smile and their own introduction, but nothing more. It says my family name is Hiroue, however, on my I.D. I need it for work. Trust me though, they are rare. I look like your average no-body and I suppose I am. I'm surprise I don't experience deja-vu everyday. Every time I open the door and hear the ringing of the bell that declares my entry, a weight seems to lift off my shoulders and my nostrils fill with sweet scents. The bakery is unfortunately closed on Sundays. I don't understand why. Though would anyone notice the sad ordinary young man moaning over lemon flavored sugar cookies? Just a pair of jeans, a t-shirt and maybe my navy blue parka or a cotton jacket with hood depending on the weather. However this day did not go as I have planned for the last few years. It seems plausible to me. And he is far from ordinary or plain. In conclusion, he and I are complete opposites. Yes life is cruel and my life is truly bittersweet. I still don't smile in return. He walks away. I stop myself quickly when I realize and hope he didn't hear that. Inside is a yellow liquid and ice. It's nice to be washing this all down now. I glance at my groceries down at my feet. Making fun? What is he going to do? My mouth is moving but no sound is coming out. That doesn't make sense, does it? When did he do that? I can feel my heart in my throat and hear it beat in my ears. It is not ordinary. Geneva never really had parties; her parents never went away for the night. And me, her best friend, was going to miss it. I smiled and shook their hands, thinking about Geneva's party. Yeah, he was pretty hot. Hunter said and then he raced upstairs to join Peter. He exclaimed. He was staring blankly at the screen. I was awful. Bobby tried to hold a conversation with me while he played, but it wasn't working out too well. Such a turn off. He said to Bobby. I might make an exception. Telle said and Hunter gave him a wave. Then I saw a large bruise on his elbow. He immediately put it on his nose. He stuffed the bag of ice in his back pocket and started to climb out the window. I sat there in silence for a second. A dream. I smiled as I saw him. So if I wanted to spend a night with him, I'd have to sneak out like this. I wanted him to comfort me for so long. . My lips trembled every time he kissed them. New Chapters up very soon! Art is linked on my profile! On the other side of town, an airship rested on a few mountains not too far away. A young man lay in the bed, half of his face in shadows, the other half under the moonlight that illuminated his open hazel eyes. If it would come at all. Passing by his door. And there were at least three of them, that was for sure. Jonathan also deduced that they were men; they certainly sounded it. Carefully he made his way over to his bedroom door—the footsteps had faded away again—and unlocked it, and then peered out into the hallway, holding his lamp above him. He stepped out into the hallway. Suddenly he was face-to-face with a large, dark-skinned man: the man who was covering Jonathan's mouth. The dark man glanced behind Jonathan. he muttered to Jonathan. instructed Mocca. Scrambling up from his reclining position, he raced to the back of his room as quickly as he could as the three men in the doorway started coming toward him. That deep voice sounded familiar, though he didn't know the female one at all. He had a vague idea what was going on, but it didn't hit him until he suddenly realized that his wrists were tightly bound together, behind the back of a wooden chair. He snatched the bowl out of her hands and glared. She shot one last glared at Mocca, and then stalked out. Jonathan glanced down: porridge. Mocca let out a sound of frustration, stood up, and moved toward Jonathan, looking as if he was about to punch him. As if to add to his intimidation, his black hair barely made it past his eyes, which were grey and cool as they raked around the room. The man and Jonathan watched as the door swung shut, and then the man turned back to Jonathan. Jonathan wasn't bothered by this. If only his hands weren't tied. Someone must have had. he lied, thinking wildly on the spot. And as a result, very few people need you. Jonathan just knew that these people couldn't be trusted. Jonathan was tempted to yet again question what exactly they were doing (and why, of all people, hewas here), but then decided against it. His stomach growled in hunger. Apparently it tasted better than it smelled, though not by much. Jonathan didn't know how pirates traveled. And neither Demetri nor Mocca had mentioned a second guard, which meant that either Mocca was impeccably awake that every hour of the day… or that his door was unguarded for a while during the nighttime. He could probably find his way well around the ship; it wasn't thatlarge, right? So all he had was himself. Then he'd go. Jonathan didn't belong here. It was time. Holding his hands together in thanks, he quietly stepped out into the hall, closed the door, and started walking. Only the silence, and the smell of fresh, wild air. Luckily, though, he encountered no one (although he didwonder where the toilets were. Consciously, he felt like he was being watched, and darted his eyes around in the dark—but saw nothing other than the wooden halls and the wooden floors. But he told himself that he would be leaving, not exploring, so he gathered up his wits and made his way up the staircase. Jonathan was mesmerized for a moment; and then he snapped out of his trance and took a look around the deck of the ship. The bow—Jonathan decided that the direction he was facing was the front—had a large nose jutting out in front, almost like it could bring the ship off-balance with its size. Jonathan ran toward the stern and looked over the edge. Which seemed to be miles and miles below them. Jonathan noticed that he was no longer in his fresh outfit, but in another dark outfit that must have been for sleeping in, yet he still looked like the intimidating captain he was. Unless he had a death wish. He was a prisoner. ) Written for Tsaiko (who has a pretty website with pretty stories on it at www dot tsaiko dot com :3) as part of the SMP comm. well, no reason other than it seemed to work best that way, and my brain makes funky connections like that. His usual visitor wasn't present and Salem feared he finally might have scared off the hottie for good. And in his disappointment, he needed some fun. Salem didn't even want to know what the man did for a living that required him to dress like that at two in the morning on the weekends. He'd made no really overt attempt to befriend Salem. And granted, while Salem considered himself the soul of creative social interaction, he had a hard time fathoming that Naaki seemed to be more interested in inspecting him like a bizarre species of diatom than as a potential romantic interest. That Naaki wasn't watching him with interest as Salem twitched around like a rabbit on psychotropic drugs. It had been a month since they'd met for the first time late one night and Salem had thought to celebrate. He could pretend as if he'd never had caught Naaki looking him up and he could pretend that he had no idea that Naaki might see him as something other than just the help, or he could push his luck and actually try to put a move on the man since subtlety was not working at all. Tilting his head in, he sealed his lips over Naaki's as he curled his arms in and tunneled his fingers through Naaki's white-blond hair. And since one rub wasn't enough, he was practically dry humping Naaki by the time Naaki's hand had landed on the small of his back before trailing down to grab his butt. It had been a few years since he'd even seriously made out with someone. He buried his nose in the crook of Naaki's neck as he reached down to stick a hand down Naaki's perfectly pristine trousers. Well, he'd gambled and lost. Naaki parroted the question back, suspicious. He raised an eyebrow in challenge to Naaki. Partly because he wanted to know what exactly was going on and partly because he was finding it quite fun to tease Naaki. Salem had to bite his lip to keep from giggling. Leaning back, Salem decided to enjoy the ride and watched as the scenery as it flashed by. Maybe all the quiet solemnity he'd taken Naaki for, maybe all the distance the man had seemed to put between them, had less to do with any effect Salem had on him and more to do with the fact that Naaki was simply shy. Damn him for being so mild mannered. Watching with not a few butterflies in his stomach as uncertainly crept into Naaki's expression, Salem waited for him to speak. he told Naaki honestly with a lopsided smile. I really am sorry. Inspired by Bowling for Soup's random songs. Dang. I was startled and had to blink twice to recover myself. He was so gonna get it. He was a serious mental case. Nobody, and I mean nobody calls me a bitch and gets away with it. She looked flustered and scared. I sighed, and pushed back my glasses on my nose. And Misha was trying to be not an exception, except me of course. Then she continued on. They couldn't even understand why Misha, the sweet, friendly and outgoing model, were best friends with the ice princess loser. At least I got my peace. I stood up and gave them a cold stare. I was getting more and more pissed. He looked at me with an evil glint in his eyes. Nobody can. He may have won this war but I will win the battle, I thought grimly. I just love the power of glaring. One time, big time. And that sweet tone proved it. That dress was one of her favorites. Or so I thought. Ugh. This wasn't going to be fun at all. I didn't understand why I was afraid but I was. I grabbed my book back. I hissed. A cold shiver ran up my side. I shook my head and she pouted. Misha whistled and gave me a thumbs-up. Vulnerability the last thing I needed in my life. Think again, suckers. Before I could lose my courage, I began strumming my guitar and sang Ignorance by Paramore. I mumbled a thank you and hurriedly got down the stage. I closed my eyes tightly. Misha was nowhere to be seen. God knew how much I loved Bowling for Soup. Oh crap, oh crap. I mentally slapped myself as I put the coke on the table. I whispered, gritting my teeth. Misha came towards us, looking worried, while Matt and Michael followed close behind. Misha apologized to everyone for the racket. Still, I love her just the way she is. Hehe. Boo yeah! Great, then you can read it on Wattpad here: www . I'm sorry for the inconvenience but I just can't take any more of it. i'm constantly writing up on it, albiet slowly, so i hope that i won't suffer from a writer's updating lag with this one. but then again, isn't that the best kind, really? although, a lot of what i've used in this story is based upon real-life workings (the details in the background so to speak, not necassarily the people themselves. ? Jesus. Thank god he didn't have a nasal piercing, as those things are so gross. Of course, the sneakers on his feet were atrocious looking; what might have started out as white canvas was now a pukey brown sort of color, with swatches of duct tape the only thing actually holding them to his feet. But she was wearing guy's black shorts that hugged her slim hips and fell to just below her knees, and she had those huge-ass boots with the metal-detector-happy buckles everywhere. My eyebrow raised, and the guy in front of me glanced behind him to see what I was looking at. The girl was on Erin's left, Jen I think her name was, and she leaned forward a bit to look at me. All in all, I found him to be fairly attractive, but could tell that he was uncomfortable in his own skin just by the way he was hunched forward a bit as his elbows rested upon the table. I'm telling you that there is nothing better than sesame chicken with white rice on the entire face of this whole damn planet. I even carry around my own pair of sticks, my favorite ones with the delicate vine designs adorning the handles; I'm strange like that. . Well, there's always the perfect solution to this dilemma…the truth. It was a fucking long 5 hours, let me tell you. It's more like he just likes to have his ass messed with, and girls tend to shy away from that sort of thing. I swear, I would have killed them both if they hadn't. He hadn't even dated the guy for very long; the bastard was his first boyfriend, and he'd pressured 'Xander into sex after only 2 days. So, I have high hopes that my brother won't turn out to be a whore after all. but i rather like it for that reason. so if there's a better word for it, just let me know. ok, i'm done with that, let's go on, shall we? 'coworker. Yet, at the same time, it's all people do. I'm just a girl in a giant school filled with popped collars, big breasts, and sex. Or diaries. I also have him, so you're not the only person who'll be suffering. Care to explain? I'm thinking of switching out of his class, because taxidermy is weird. Therefore, the opposite of war isn't peace, its creation. Do you mind telling me who you are? Don't ask why I'm writing to you right now, because I don't have a clue either. You've already proved that you're likely to jump to conclusions; I don't want to have you coming after me with a baseball bat or anything. …If you do, then I really fear for your brain. 8/28/08 1:33 AMTo: mojorising43(at)hotmail(dot)comSubject: LAME. So I decided to message my favorite pedophile. What do you have to say for yourself now? Or do you have more than one sister? I would suggest Mrs. Lawrence, but I fear that the school would sue your family for any irreversible damage that you might inflict upon the poor woman. I don't like uggos, and I think I'm allowed to say that because I think my looks are above average. I hope you're satisfied. They're all a constant pain in my ass. Tell me about them. I won't be seeing that any shrinks, even if you highly recommend them. (But my parents want me to do more in life besides cleaning people's houses; apparently, I'm subjecting myself to negative racial stereotypes that way. You sound kind of shallow, actually. He's working towards getting his Bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering at UCSC. From: mojorising43(at)hotmail(dot)comSent: Sat. That way they can arrange a play-date for the two of you. unite? Classic and psychedelic rock speak to me. I'm feeling extra generous today and I thought that you might like to know that. Is he even in our grade or is he a year above/below us? I just like Disney because I like to embrace my childhood. I won't ask you what your ethnicity is, because I'm having too much fun making stuff up in my mind. MCR is good…in small doses, but I kind of like symphonic metal from Europe. You won't be missed. REMUS LUPIN IS A WEREWOLF, NOT A NAZI LEADER. From: mojorising43(at)hotmail(dot)comSent: Sun. Why the fuck do we start school after Labor Day? Are we going to meet up at the school, or are we going to keep asking questions until we identify the other person? Gaaaaaaaaah. It was cute already when I thought he was just random eye candy, and it's even cuter now. I'm not wearing it a second longer than I have to. Mad or not, I guess he still thinks I'm hot. It's so black it's like wet velvet, and the smell of it goes down my nerves like lightning, so I can't remember what I was going to say. He drops the spoon in the sink. He acts like my hand sliding up his thigh and my teeth tugging his ear make this the hottest moment of his life. I breathe a soft laugh. Scalding hot. He lets me go, but then I need another one, so we stumble along blind and liplocked until the bed hits me in the back of the knees. He hesitates. Joey got his muscle loading trucks and kicking ass, and that's just beyond sexy to me. I grab at my waistband but he beats me to it, and then his lips are against my skin, his unbelievable perfect lips, his tongue, and his eyelashes are so dark on his cheeks, his hands on my thighs and his bare feet tucked under his ass, it's like a dream. Feel his wrists flex in my hands. Joey, oh God Joey. Salt taste of his sweat, shiver of muscle as he twitches with aftershocks. Tug of my own hair stuck to my back as I turn my head. All my defenses are totally down. I'm not the only one who's naked here. He'll be with me, but he won't be mine. Draw back to check how that went over. I can hear his grin when he speaks. With my parent's wealth and status, there was very little to complain about. She was actually quite pretty for her age. Talk about the bare minimum. The only reason for these marriages was to make company ties and babies. I wanted to yell some more, but knew better after seeing the angry glint in my father's eyes. The poor, little stuffed rabbit already had an ear torn off. I wanted to know who this boy was that I would be forced with for the rest of my life. The complete opposite of me. A little cocky smirk donned his face as one of his hands ruffled his messy black hair, his tongue playing with his lip-ring. Unfortunantly, she could never find a guy that she was into for longer than 4 days. His eyes dialated and his little, furry, grey face was wide in wonder. You're hooked. Ladies and gentlemen, the answer is simple: She fell in love with the Devil himself. Reviewers, the fate of JT DiCarlo is now in your hands. I say. Other people (teenage girls) are starting to flock around us. . Also apparently, this jack off of a  has taken it from her and is now tantalizing her with it. The mother, I notice, is going along with him, teasing her daughter as well. I scream, charging like and enraged rhinoceros towards her, my arms flailing around and making me look like Raggedy Ann, my ugly ass Ugg boots crunching a grotesque mixture of broken glass and scented wax under my feet. I do say, however, that smell of burning hair closely resembles that of pond sulfur and sounds like small twigs being snapped simultaneously. God. I ask weakly. Petering off, I realize that I sound so crazy that Ashley's probably debating as to when she should call the men in the white coats. Turning wildly, I semi expect there to be a vague silhouette where his body just was. I give him another year and a half. I've come to accept this. I know I put him on here at least a week ago, where could he have gone to? Along with her message, I've gotten one from my boyfriend, Bobby. Of course, I have to bang my knee on the side of the oven/stove/grill combination, letting out a string of curses. . I add on for more of a mature angle. Now, it's rather dented. I fumble with my cell phone, flipping it open. He hasn't smirked, grinned or showed horror over the fact that I'm calling the authorities. I should probably get to shaving that soon. ? I wrap my sweaty fingers around the black phone and I jab the call button. Breathing heavily, my eyes bugging out of my head, I push, shove and kick against him, his muscled, GQ'd chest not even close to giving way to my meager trials. I can feel every follicle of stubble on his chin, his cheek pressed harshly against mine, his lips tingling against my ear as he speaks. . This is so weird. . I know some girls that would pay to have that done to them. I mutter dryly. Over his shoulder, I see fire. The presents underneath are quickly reduced to sputtering ashes, the Yankee candle a pool of bubbling wax. It's like my living room was not in a ball of hot, molten fire at all. My name is Lucifer". Lemme know what you guys think. My father is Atheist, like me. Doesn't that make her worth something"? Yes, and yes please. It had happened on several occasions that I had come late to school because of his tardiness. He was fuming for days, before he decided to give it a try. Experience attests to that. Play it cool. I scoffed at him, turning my eyes to the window. The place itself wasn't very large, but it was intimate. There were wrinkles around his eyes, but his golden brown eyes seemed to glow such youth, almost twinkling. I nodded yet again. That would just be plain stupid, but that never really stopped me. I grinned to myself, I like it. So, that she won't scare off the new waitress. Grow me a beard and call me a gnome. If she found me odd, she didn't say anything. Like a professional, who was on job for amateurs. Whenever I approached people and decided to be friendly and talkative, they well, they'd just stare at me like I'm a total loser and walk away. Probably not, but I let them live in the illusion. The girl looked up, as she said,  I nodded, before writing it down. Walking away, I still heard a bunch of giggles. I put the notepad on the table, just in case he needed to see it. What if they die because I didn't interrupt? No thank you, I tell you. The place was suddenly quiet. At least they didn't die. It's a free guess. Many girls do that, I've heard. I don't want her to ask me about advice, since I suck at it. Reviews are always appreciated because I'd love to know what you guys think. 'Please, please, please, please, please…. No, wait. You like shopping. Patience was the key. Definitely not. Emma concocted a new rum cocktail just for him. She's your best friend, remember? The pissed off attitude tumbled back into me, I'd attempted successfully to hide it from Jack, not wanting to see his 'I-told-you-he's-a-dick' face. Again. He cast a gaze my way, before focusing on the road with a deep, rumbling sigh. The blue car's alarm started blaring and, stuck between pissing myself laughing and pissing myself out of embarrassment, I ran. Unless he had his top off, then she was sold. I was curvy, bordering on chubby but without the pot belly. Don't get me wrong- I was fully aware I looked like a cock. The attention of a few people fell toward me. His fingers locked onto the belt loops of my jeans, thumbs hooking over the tops, rubbing the skin of my hips. think. on crack. She attempted a little dress up, that was sweet and obviously purposeful by the way she was gazing around, trying to look nonchalant. I turned my face toward him and he took the chance to kiss me, waiting the best part of a millisecond before slipping his tongue right on in there. His hand slid through my newly washed hair, then followed the silhouette of my body, over the round curve of my hip and across the width of my thigh. She faced the darkness surrounding her, warded off by the dim, yellow street lights overhead. She twisted the lock and leaned against the door, her lungs drinking in the precious air. She'd never sprinted so fast in her entire life. Her mother's head shifted slightly as she turned towards James. He was pretty cute with dimples on either side of his smile and warm hazel eyes that could melt most girls into a puddle. Kimberly took note of the exchange and her glare became ten degrees icier. She looked up again. She snatched the bag of coffee. Bittersweet. :)And I want to credit Sandeep-m and flowerpowerstock on deviantart for the cover photo above. In the forest is where they had expressed their love for one another; away from curious eyes and gossiping lips of peasants and other nobility. Every person in the village was at work to make this a great celebration for the bride and groom. Her eyes sparkled more brightly than the green and red jasper that decorated her necklace; and the blue dress had just defined her petite figure and bosom more so than her regular gowns. He had been dressed in silver armor, which had been polished so thoroughly that it had become white and shined as brightly as the sun. The young man had introduced himself to the beautiful maiden months before the knight had ever thought about visiting the village. No one heard the mother's screams of pain and unfathomable sadness; nor did anyone notice her leave the church for her home. With the green potion in her pocket, the older woman approached the beautiful bride and her handsome husband with the best fake smile anyone could ever muster after finding their child dead. The young woman gulped the drink down and coughed at its bitter taste, but smiled after it had been washed away with another sip of wine. She remembers the elixir the old witch had given her and the prophecy that had come with it. At the sight of the little being, the woman screamed in horror and rolled off the bed. Though the ear-splitting wails and spastic movements had softened, all four women could still sense the child's discomfort as it waited to be held by someone, anyone. The nurse-maids shrieked and backed away from their master and mistress, but made sure not to get too close to the bed. The woman was calm and had not complained about his rude entrance; even when the knight yanked the blanket from the baby's face, the witch showed no signs of shock, guilt, or disgust. After she had finished feeding and cleaning it, the witch wrapped it in a fresh blanket and returned it to its father. When she tried to ask him why the monster was still alive, the knight shoved the crying baby in her arms and said,  The wife winced at her husband's words and was too terrified of his threat to wonder why he suddenly cared for the child's well-being. There was no white in the child's eyes, nor was there an iris; instead, both eyes were black and the only color was the red pupil, which was shaped like a cat's. Both of them were dressed in heavy cloaks and clothes, but even with the layers of protection, both were shivering from the wind and snow. A variety of different animals appeared every day, all of which went close enough to sniff him before walking calmly away. No sickness took over the child, and the very next day he killed a fawn that had wandered too far from its herd with his bare hands. Wild animals were more abundant as many of them came out of hibernation or were excited to finally nibble at the grass that had been hidden from view for so long. It was not until the middle of summer that the boy was able to go from one end of the forest to the next in a matter of seconds. With one swift movement, the bear smacked the boy aside as if he were a fly. it growled,  The shaggy creature snorted and walked away, leaving the boy to moan and groan on the floor. He brought the animal down, clawing and biting at its skin and neck until it had stopped moving. The boy watched as the bear swiped at the wolf with a massive paw, making it yowl in pain as the canine tumbled across the earth. The bear roared and shook his head away, rearing to its full height to bellow louder. Too exhausted and in too much pain to care, he laid on the grassy floor; unaware of an amethyst-eyed cat watching over him. It was then he knew exactly who had protected him while he slept. Perhaps his mother was waiting for him right now by the tree where she had left him to bring him back home? She had brought him to this forest to be rid of him, to never see his monstrous face again. Surely that was the true reason. Everyone seemed to gathering towards the garden and so the boy followed, hoping no one would notice him. It did not take long for the disguised, gray-skinned boy to know that the little one was his brother. His attention was not focused on the people at his level, but at the woman on the balcony who had birthed and deceived him. Her husband whispered something to her and nudged her away until she had decided to run with her son into the manor. Sometimes he would rip them open to reveal steaming intestines and other gooey organs, while for others he would sink his fangs into their necks until he had ripped their vocal chords out with one jerk of his head. Again the blade missed, and the gray creature countered by swiping its tail at the man's legs, causing him to fall to the ground. As if on instinct from fighting the bear so many times, the creature disappeared into the shadow of the manor house, leaving behind a confused knight. His dead body slumped to the floor and the monster released the two tiny organs before turning its attention to the manor house. With one swift movement, it snatched her face between its long clawed fingers, squeezing against the bone tightly until it could feel her jaw starting to crack. The boy was definitely a normal looking child, and it made the creature question why this one was not cursed too. It slipped into the shadows to return to the forest. The great brown bear appeared and the gray-skinned creature turn its back on the animal, no longer caring if it wanted to fight or not. Another agonizing roar flew from the bear as it reared and stumbled backward, swiping blindly at the air from the sudden loss of sight. Before it could even try to get up, the monster burst through the creek's surface and attached its teeth and claws into the animal's exposed neck. Slowly, the monster removed its claws and fangs from the corpse before towering over the dead animal that had beaten and taught him for years. The knights found only one survivor, the boy, whose face was covered in blood and puss, and asked him what had happened. From a cow unable to produce milk to the Plague that devastated the kingdom for three years; it was all blamed on the monster. It knew it had never laid a hand on another human or their property since the massacre, yet it also knew it was condemned to this false gossip forever. See my profile for links and more info. There was nothing wrong with sleeping with a teddy bear, he told himself again, and, therefore, there was nothing wrong with shopping for one. Anthony knew this, but he'd be damned if he knew how to fix things between them. It wasn't like he talked to it or anything. Then he might as well castrate himself. Well, if you excluded the occasional screaming child that went barreling by, and he did. He shoved it back. All that had changed now was that he needed a bigger bear. Jody thought they were cute, though. He tucked it up against him, awkwardly trying to imitate a sleeping position while sitting up. He grabbed the bear to him, turned on his side, and draped his arm across it. He would root for the dinosaurs, then. It wasn't a club game, of course, just a scrimmage among friends, but Frank and Dez would be pissed as hell if they knew he was cuddling teddy bears instead of lying in bed with a killer hangover like he had claimed. He stood, clutching the black bear to him, and shoved the rejects back on the shelf. He had dark hair and dark eyes, much like the teddy bear Anthony held, only, luckily, that was where the resemblance ended. Anthony handed the ID back with a mental shrug. he said. It was all scrunched up, like those wrinkly little dogs the neighbor Ms. Anise kept. Anthony wasn't sure how he felt about that, but it wasn't as annoying as it should have been. As he handed the toy back, he shot a quick wave over his shoulder, then turned down an aisle and out of sight. His duffel bag made a soft thud as it hit the ground, and the bear landed perfectly beside the colorful bunny in the nearby bin. That would mean that someone up there, literally holding a bowl of popcorn and a cup of soda to boot, was staring down and laughing at her joke of a life and pressing the rewind and play button. She'd figure this out, just as she had everything else. Her father had stayed behind in the small town that she'd grown up in; Harbordale, Nova Scotia. She'd driven over debris from a recent rock fall a few kilometers back and had refused to believe that the wheezing sound of failing rubber was coming from her own car. It was November, and to no surprise, the tips of the grass on the forest floor on either sides of her were already iced with early frost. Or it was camp out at night, and be productive in the morning. She'd dress up as warmly as she could, and take the flashlight with her. With that, she steeled her courage, told herself not to look into the woods, and began her walk. It was a place that she never thought she'd come back to; it had been buried away in her mind, just like all the pictures of her childhood that stood as proof of her ever having lived here. She was drowning in debt from her student loans, and after her landlord had slammed her with an eviction notice, she quite literally had nowhere to go. Her. She'd borrowed money from an old colleague in order to pay for the flight, and had bought the run down jeep for less than two-hundred dollars from an ad on kijiji. She'd never know, so it wasn't worth pondering. And she could actually find some sort of part-time job so she could begin repaying her student loans. She didn't know how that was possible – she was literally following a straight road, getting lost was impossible. Clouds were bunching up above, which meant that a storm was due within the next 24 hours, and she was pretty sure that meant without her flashlight, she'd be stranded in pitch black darkness. The concept didn't exist in California. She was definitely almost there. Its source came into view the closer she got, as more lights came into her line of sight. Her legs ached from walking in such cold, and she was sure her earlobes were going to burn from frostbite any time now. This was literally the stuff that horror movies were made of. You noticed if people went missing, which is why nobody went missing. It was at least another half a kilometer away, which was far enough for her to go through with what she was about to do. Fairy tales didn't exist, which was a shame, because real life was a lot scarier. She needed warmth, a bed, and blankets. A pair of dark trousers hung from his hips, that he had clearly just thrown on in a last minute hurry. She really hoped she could do this. She was in no mood for this conversation and she didn't want to waste another single minute standing out here for no reason. Not that this situation was helping matters much. An asshole; a smug one at that. Life was truly, and honestly, messed up. Or rather, a ragged wolf in a lean, lion's clothing. Yeesh. It was just that no other school would accept me. I freaked - naturally - and stepped on the accelerator. Simply put, I have an uncommon and unfortunate knack for getting myself into trouble and there was no other school left in the city to accept me. *sigh* C'mon people, give me some response? Was her first thought. "Riley Thompson. Tyler nodded. No way! I'm a big sports girl. Riley chuckled. We can go see a movie and dinner. They swapped numbers and addresses. Riley chuckled. All the time. Just some extra money on the side. Well, Tyler, I have to go. Bye, Riley". . The girl sighed, loving the way the stranger's voice wrapped around her and almost caressed her with each word. Right when she goes to turn the knob, a different voice calls out to her, pulling her out of the dream. She shivered and pulled the covers more closely to her. She had been so close to opening the door and finding out who the voice belonged to. She splashes cold water on her face, and then takes in her reflection in the mirror placed above the sink. After throwing her clothes into the hamper, Leslie climbed into the shower and closed the curtain behind her. It was her senior year, not like anyone would kill her if she did. When she's completely done, she walks back into her room and studies herself in the floor length mirror. She had the best boyfriend anyone could ask for, Josh Turner, the star quarterback and the star basketball player. She felt like she needed to wait, though for what she wasn't sure. She looked for her mom, but didn't see her. She liked getting good grades, but she was embarrassed also. They were cute together. They were doing fine without him and Leslie didn't seem to care whether she had a dad or not. She never told Leslie about her grandparents, leaving Leslie to think they were dead, or they had just lost touch, but she made sure that she knew her great grandmother. Teresa was proud of her. She owed that woman so much, and tried to repay her as often as she could. She glanced out her rear view mirror and backed up into the street. She looked out the passenger window just in time to see a truck slam into the side of her car. He had planned on getting there early in order to find his locker and get his classes all straightened out. He had no known living relatives except his cousin Joel. He was doing well off for someone his age. The phone started ringing, signaling a call and Gabe cursed under his breath. He grabbed his phone and looked back up at the road. He knew at that exact moment that he couldn't let anything happen to her. She was unconscious, and he looked around to see if anyone had witnessed him moving at speeds unnatural to a human being, but saw no one. He would have a lot of explaining to do. She quickly closed her eyes and gasped, turning her head to the side. She heard footsteps and then a click as the lights went off. she asks her mother. She remembered seeing a handsome young man driving the truck and then nothing. When Teresa had seen the wreck she had feared the worse. Luckily there had been no witnesses that had stepped forward. He couldn't let people find out that he was a werewolf. After a few seconds he could smell she was telling the truth. He stopped as he heard his name in the mix of the conversation. Gabe walked out of his room and down toward the doctor she was talking to. Gabe nodded and Teresa led him to Leslie's room. He didn't know why his wolf's reaction was so strong, but he was going to have to keep him locked down or he would shift right here in this hospital. He had to keep some distance between them. He felt the girl's eyes on him and looked up to meet her gaze. The blanket pulled almost up to her chin hid the rest of her body from his gaze, but he could guess she was busty. she asked. That was dumb. She was infectious with her glee and he couldn't help himself. She ignored the urge to walk over and touch him, and instead studied him and his reaction to her. When he bowed and made her laugh, she felt her whole body relax and the tension flew out of the room. He stared at Leslie and watched as her face went from a nice shade of tan to almost the color of a tomato. She gasps and covers her mouth, unsure of what exactly just happened. Yes she was dating Josh, but they could still be friends… right? After sticking her purse in her locker and locking it, she made her way to the lunch room. Leslie felt an arm wrap around her and turned to receive a kiss from Josh. Leslie couldn't imagine life without her. Josh pouted, but kept his hands and kisses to himself. Kate nodded and went back to the conversations at hand. On to chapter two! . Is that what you want? Krista squealed. Krista asked. Fun stuff. funfun. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author. Once again, the first couple of chapters have some refreshers, so you could probably follow along if you haven't read the others. Enjoy! My breath was fast through my parted lips and my body was on fire. And his heart, if it still had a beat, would have been racing as well, I was sure. And while his skin was cool and his tongue was icy, he was masterful with both, and more than made up for the temperature difference. He would have loved it, I would have loved it, but I resisted, instead only squirming with a growing desire. His hip lightly digging into my thigh made his readiness for me all too obvious, even if I'd only been a standard human. Teren Adams. I wasn't out killing people for it or anything, but if I was forced to choose a last meal, that would be it. He loved that too. Multitasking at its finest. Since he didn't need his eyes, lips, and one of his hands for that, he was focusing those parts of his body on me. Our two miracle children – miracle that we'd conceived them before Teren's aforementioned silent heart had stopped, and miracle that we had found a way to keep mine from stopping before they were born – were laughing as they played with Spike and Daddy. That signaled an end to the foreplay, for now, until we had a more private place to explore each other. Teren sighed in a matching way, one of his arms sliding under me while the other wrapped around Nika and Julian on my chest. He grinned, suppressing a laugh. Just as they could hear that my heart was pounding, they could hear that his was not. Then he brought his finger to his lips. If you told them the sky was blue because a paint can on the clouds had spilled over, then that was what they believed. Would I die before the twins were ready to be born? A prissy vampire named Starla had arrived on our doorstep one day and changed everything for us, once again. Even though I understood the reasons why they did it, and even having done it myself for Teren, when I'd essentially fed him a hunter, I didn't like it. A fact that most women don't celebrate, but as there was a time when I wasn't sure I'd live long enough to see twenty-six, much less thirty, I celebrated every birthday. That was sort of shocking to me. But, he was also a scientist, and tended to look at my children with appraising eyes, rather than loving ones. A seventh sense, if you will, if the blood bond between us all, that allowed us to know each other's locations, could be considered the sixth. Our children had that, but to the tenth degree. If Teren tickled her into a giddy ball of laughter, Julian would laugh too, because he felt her joy. The kids attached to his sides, Nika burying her face in the fluff around his neck. Sure, dogs couldn't emote, but at those times it was obvious that he'd been wishing for the tactile stage of the kids' development to end. Teren smiled. Teren…was exceptional. I'd seen Teren do it once…I never wanted to see him do it again. Besides, it was the best meal on the planet, and what parent would deny their child the most delicious thing on earth? But…it was right up there. I was a very lucky girl. They sort of amazed me. I hated being kept in the dark, even if it was unintentional. We drilled that into them constantly. Everyone in the kitchen laughed, clearly having heard it. Flushing slightly, I settled with discreetly pinching his butt. Teren made tall glasses for us and we clinked romantically before tipping them back as well. I had to look away. Opening her mouth with a long  sound, I could see the red of blood on her tongue and her small, dainty fangs. But, until the other teeth had dropped down around them, it had just been too obvious what they were. His still extended fangs grazed the tender surface, making a shiver run down my spine that had nothing to do with the chill of his lips. I kissed each pouting face before he shuffled off with them. Even retracted, they were just more attuned to vibrations and movements than the teeth around them. And surely, by puberty, they would want independence from each other. They'd completed the look with toys, curtains, bedding, lamps, play rugs - everything you could ask for to give your child a dream bedroom. But Teren had a thing for the memory, and repeated it often. Some stories just couldn't be watered down into fairy tales. Her shoulder-length hair shifted around her as she leaned up and gave him a quick kiss on the nose. Or would be one day, when Julian grew into a man. With a wry smile, Teren said,  He tilted his head at me as the twins giggled and cuddled into his side. Just a few months shy of being four, and she was already a romantic. I even killed for him, to help him complete his conversion and to save us both. He'd bitten me for no better reason than to hurt Teren, because he'd felt Teren had been inhospitable to him, by not allowing him to  wherever he wanted. he pronounced. Standing in front of Teren, who now had a child attached to each leg, I whispered,  I pulled at my clothes suggestively. Shifting his attention to the miniature beings attached to his body, he lightly patted their backs. I was fairly certain that this time he'd breeze through the story without letting them participate. Now that they were more aware, we generally avoided doing anything while they were awake. It had taken some deciphering of their disjointed language, but I'd finally understood that they'd heard everything, and they'd thought I was in pain. I…just could not do that yet. Just the thought of them saying that to Halina made my cheeks heat. Knowing where this was going, the anticipation of it started surging through me, but the two toddlers talking through the walls helped to contain my fire. I didn't think I could keep a low growl from rumbling up my chest, and who knows what the kids would think about that. I murmured against his lips. It made my heart beat faster, made my skin ignite. Watching his face being highlighted by the glow of my own eyes, I wondered if he felt that too. It was the only time, I'm sure, that pollution of any kind came in handy. But really, as a mother, I was just grateful that they had one less thing to worry about in their lives. I nearly tasted the words. I smiled and shook my head. He smiled warmly at the thought, a look of pride on his face. Maybe it was selfish of me, but I didn't ever want him to be without me. And their sleep was the precursor to our awakening. :D Beware of smut and swearing! To be honest, I don't think I would still be alive if these things weren't possible. The only difference between us is rather than a mirror, I have a window…and unlike me, she has someone she loves. It's a beautiful lie that makes my living and provides my only diversion from an otherwise pointless existence. -. And now I know for sure: he will be my first prey. As it is, this is the perfect situation. Just because I'm an incubus doesn't mean I have to be flashy. Silky strands of brown hair halo his head and lay across his forehead, making him look younger than he probably is, an illusion not aided by the hand lying lightly curled on the pillow next to his partly opened mouth. I don't have time to recover, however, before I'm hit again in the face. He tries to reach for another pillow, but I quickly pounce on him, pinning his wrists to the bed. A sharp gasp echoes around the room and he jerks back, dislodging my mouth. Even if he did just knee me in the stomach, I'm not about to let him get away. Once again I have him pinned beneath me, except this time I make sure to keep his legs immobile. But one brush over his mind and I know he wants this just as much as me. This man is my prey, and I'm gonna do whatever the hell I want to him. But the way his cheeks are flushed and his eyes darkened…I've never wanted anything more in my life. If he doesn't enjoy himself, he won't give me as much energy. My eyes narrow to silver slits, nails digging into his hips; I want to hear him scream. He's so lost, I doubt he even notices. He is definitely a virgin. Pulling back, I grin down at his flushed face. -. Oh, owowow… What happened? Oh, but even worse…I liked it! Laundry seems like a safe bet. It hardly seems fair that I'm attracted to foreign places and people, but I'm too scared to leave my house to explore them. I have a feeling I'm going to want comfortable clothes today. Except instead of reading poetry or a soliloquy to lost love, I pull out a thick tome on mythology, setting it on my lap and searching through the pages. -. Those burning silver eyes that stare out from the canvas, framed by that dark purple falling in choppy waves around his sharp face to his shoulders… Nowhere near the beauty of the original, but a very good copy. Of course, the subject of my art tonight is not exactly a daytime creature. Love doesn't exactly work for someone like me. I suppose it's no wonder I'm so violently attracted. At least I have some interesting subject matter. My eyes widen when I see who's in front of me, and a mixture of fear and lust stabs through me. But am I attracted to him naturally, or is it because he's an incubus? My psyche's already fragile enough without adding heartache. He just told me he would rape me if he had to (of course, I suppose it wouldn't really be rape since I wouldn't stop him), so why is he allowing a delay? He pulls back for a minute, and I look behind me, realizing we're on the window seat. Niko's hands, however, are ice cold. As it is, I'm pretty much willing to let him do whatever he wants. Of course, as things get going, his control slips, and we became a mess of teeth, tongues, nails, mouths; I can't get enough of him, and he apparently feels the same about me. He's making me feel things I've never even dreamt of before, and I want more. It just seems to urge him on more, and I find myself pressed against the cold window, skin squeaking against the glass. Finally, my head clears slightly, and I collapse against the window, Niko leaning against me. -. I get some satisfaction out of knowing that I'm the one that made him look so tousled. But that's just stupid since I'm an incubus; the only interest I have in Rowan is the energy he gives me. But his infatuation is what allows me to keep coming back without difficulty, so I guess I can't complain. I doubt there is anyone else half as fascinating as the brunet…and as long as I can keep feeding off of him, what's the harm? -. I've even managed to convince him to pose for a few (although he has trouble sitting still), although most are done from memory. None of them even come close to describing my emotions or situation. If only Niko could see me now. It's a rather ridiculous nickname, but it seems to entertain him. ! He wasn't the type to smile for smiling's sake. I walked over. His expression was blank, uninterested. I would only irritate him by distracting him from whatever he was reading and it's not like he was the sort of guy that would look twice at me anyway. I shrugged. I decided not to think too much into it. He paused for a fraction of a second. Did people actually comply with this? But I had time to kill, very little to lose, and this was killing my otherwise encumbering crush by the second. It still seemed like an awfully wrong method. He seemed to pick up on the scripted nature of it, but beyond this I couldn't decipher his expression. It was only the particular combination of the interests and characteristics and their expression that made someone truly unique, I mused. It wasn't like he had a CV in front of him to pick questions out of. At least that was one thing to be gained from this awkward experience. I figured it was time to put an end to this strange encounter. For a long moment we looked at each other in silence, neither backing down. With a half nod of goodbye to him, I turned and left. He had just been being arrogant – very arrogant. It only bothered me with, well…those lot. I saw a group of them look at me one time when I was leaving a party with friends – not even drunk – and they looked at me like us lot were a let down to the human race. Well I assumed he did, and it didn't look as though I had anything in my current experience of him to suggest otherwise. I rounded on the person who had dared to say 'hello' without me expecting it. It had been about a week and a half since the interview – I remembered it well enough, but I had dismissed its relevance since then to think that anything James could be saying would relate to it. His voice was even. Probably because the shock had momentarily frozen my blinking reflex. Then I shot him a look. I squashed both equally childish feelings as abruptly as I could, cursing automatic responses. Okay, time to get this over with. I had been turned off the whole idea the moment I sat down. I took a deep breath. I took a deep breath and began to make my way back to Thomas. I put macaroni and cheese in the microwave and let its low humming noise soothe me whilst I thought. It just increased my curiosity. I tried to pin down as best as I could why it had felt like such a misplaced beginning. I wondered if he would even turn up. I didn't feel it. I took a moment, deliberately ignoring the impatient expression on his face. I paused, tried to read his expression. Please tell me what you think! Still, did she really have to take the dog with her, too? Dave is both well aware and quite proud of that fact. She's got these ebony eyes that are so dark and deep that it's impossible to tell what she's thinking unless she tells you. She's all woman, every last bit of her, sensuous and voluptuously shaped in a way that some catty girls with a subscription to Vogue might call fat but most guys would abandon their families for without ever looking back. In the weeks before she left me, Janie had been interrogating me about my feelings for Lorena in bed, usually after she'd drank one too many glasses of that disgusting pink champagne she always kept in the fridge. Plus, Lor was always pretty bitchy to Janie. Lorena is a complicated woman who's always desperately needed taking care of, and I don't believe anyone could've done a better job of that than the man she married. This suited me just fine, as I'd been looking out for myself for most of my entire life without anyone giving a shit about what I did or where I went. With every day we spent living in James' house we grew closer and more protective of one another, creating our own little version of a family in the attic bedroom we all shared. I guess when you have a childhood that's completely lacking love and affection, you don't feel the need to set rules when you're finally blessed with some. I'd whisper the words she needed to hear into her sweet mouth between chaste, gentle kisses until she was finally asleep in my arms. I knew that he was promising her the same things I did; he was telling her that everything was all right and that we would never let anyone hurt her. But Dave and I both knew her as a girl, and we know better. Maybe if we'd paid more attention to the craving in James' eyes when he looked at her or the way he'd lick his lips whenever she bent over, things would have played out differently. When James finally jumped to his feet in what I can only hope was pure panic, Dave calmly told Lorena to go pack her things while he and our dear old foster  had a little chat. It wasn't too long before Dave found steady work with a construction company that came with medical and dental benefits, and we were finally able to scrounge together enough money to rent a place of our own - just barely. she belonged solely to Dave. Frankly, it still drives me crazy. I had to go outside to get some air at that point, before she and I got into a huge fight like we always did when the subject of James Sawyer came up. Finally, I turned to him. Since the day we met as three lonely orphans, Dave has done everything he could to provide Lorena with the happiness and security she'd never known growing up. Most of all, he's always adored her - deeply, truly and with all of the passion a woman like Lorena deserves. Please review. I suppose I should tell you what's going on, but the thing is – I'm not even sure myself what is going on right now. Because he is, and his clothes are in a very not-neat pile at the back gate of my backyard. It's the reaction you get when someone is trying, if not at all succeeding, to hack your dogs head off with garden equipment. he stops, and pouts, putting down the hand he had tentatively held out for me to shake. I'm just that weird girl, that does 'alternatively' well in class…meaning I do well, but have a tendency to think outside of the box. Not unless they are mentally unstable, anyway. Your pick. ) he asks another question. Because I am in no way coming near that boy, no matter how genuinely helpless he seems to look, with his charming grin and clumsy gestures. He's already tried to kill my dog with a garden spade, there's no telling what he'll do to me if I come within a foot of the guy. I don't know, all I know is I shouldn't be the one putting up with it, he shouldn't be in my yard, and he should at least know how to zip up his pants properly. At the same time he looks kind of mad at me, his brows furrowing. He made me angry. I don't even care if he is disabled, what he is is annoying. I think, by the sounds of it, he's talking about scientists (or doctors, or mental institute workers more likely) and from the rest of what he's saying…well, it sounds like he thinks he arrived at their lab in a giant, melting ice block or something. I mention this to Bam, but he just looks up from his jeans, looking even more upset. Which I'm not even doing. If I am being punked the audience is going to think I'm a total loser. Two rounds, I look back at him in scrutiny, he looks the type to be an eater. Just like it's same old, same old for me. He looks dangerous, is what he looks like. It will hopefully be done in future though. ? How cute! Thank you. . . Far away from our distorted reality. I try to reach for him, but he's too far away- up there and he wants me to follow him, just the two of us locked inside his paradise. Because when we're up there, no beautiful illusions can be stomped upon. far from the paradise he'd been hoping for. The day he was locked away, Olivia found his journal which he kept under his bed, some were meticulously written, others in spiral, a sordid heartbreaking tale of an innocent little boy who was forced to become a man at young age. just not by his parents. . I was so afraid looking into his eyes. I had said so many bad things to him and yet in still I was crying because he was doing just what I had told him to do: leave me. Maybe this would have ended differently. He lowered his thick blond eyebrows and gritted his teeth. Lucky for him, too, because things would have gotten messy. . I leaned against the wall and set the pencil between my lips where I resumed chewing on it. I straightened, clearing my throat. I knew I should have left, but, this was just too bizarre. . Why was he freaking out? I was a rebel. I couldn't see Terry through the window. I stood, stumped. But soon—soon, when she reached six months into being seven. And what kind of illness made you feel like this? and it was hysterical, because they had every reason to. They just couldn't accept that. AIDS. Some of their senses had been too heightened, like hearing, and they had gone ape-shit from listening to pins dropping on the other side of the world (slight exaggeration) while others had had their lustful needs increased and had become sex-fiends. . She had died a year ago, however, so asking her about it now was off-limits. After all, they had created the cure. She flashed me a bright, pretty little smile, and I caught sight of her perfect teeth. She would have never let me live it down. Cassidy exchanged a puzzled look with me. I made a face, but wrapped my arms around her anyways to calm her down. He paused to take a bite out of his food. Once I was finished, I squished the remains with the toe of my boot. It came out rather unflattering on his behalf. Not in a million years did I think he'd turn against me. I had grown up with this sap. Who do you have now, fucker? A/N: THIS STORY HAS BEEN REMOVED. . don't really care if you flame until your heart's content; it's not my fault you kept reading. But hey, I bet you'd be crying too if you were fired from your job, your best friend announced she's moving to Norway, and your dad took away your beautiful, precious 2005 Dodge Viper - ALL IN THE SAME DAY. Driving an unfamiliar car while your bawling your eyes out isn't a bonus in life either. Naw, I think it was just a happy-go-lucky canine that was merely chasing a stick, or a ball, or a frisbee. I knew I was going to hit it. My tears came to a halt as my mouth dropped in shock, and it was a minute or so where I came to my senses. I watched with frightened eyes as he ran a tentative hand across the magnificent creature's side. ) The guy just stood and glared. I blurted out. And he turned away, walking toward the entrance to the park nearby. I reached him as he placed poor Saber in the bed of the truck, frowning at the lifeless body. He nodded once toward the truck. He didn't say a word to me. I couldn't help but heave a relieved sigh when he pulled into my driveway. that was thirty minutes away. but it was merely an introduction. One billion, I say! I'll settle for one or two as well. His parents are dead. Slash/MxM. The strands served as a curtain against the glaring light, watching from the corner of my eye with pleasure at how the reds took on an almost golden glow. I cautiously shifted in my seat to get a better look at the stranger without lifting my head. It was unsettling how it was directed right at me, and it only grew more malicious as he stared into my narrowing eyes. He cocked his head with a smirk. Just my luck. It took some of my fists and eating gravel for several jerks at my old school to learn that I was not the type of person who took shit from anyone. This was freaking me out but I wasn't about to let it show. And if they decided to track me down, well I had my reasons. I couldn't have wished for anything better. She tossed her head back in a mock maniacal laughter, the back of her hand to her mouth. He turned his attention back to his wife and pecked her forehead. It was no exaggeration to say that they had saved my life, gifting me with this new life where I was actually alive and not just trying to survive. That really pissed me off, but I smiled at the couple as I pushed my chair in. I turned back to yell over my shoulder as I unlocked the door. Still, if worst comes to worst, I knew I could take them down somehow. If that doesn't scream suspicious, I don't know what else does. It just felt… gross. If anything, it was my ally. Wow, how lame were they to make all of these gang members wear matching contact lenses? I grabbed his arm and in one fluid movement, brought both legs up to kick him square in the stomach. The blonde one was practically snarling at me, his hands clenching and unclenching. This was getting stranger by the second. The tendrils whipped out at the officers who were starting to back away. We were nearly half way across the street when two ferocious roars echoed in the empty neighborhood. The golden lion was normal size, but its mane was a mass of red flames that also clouded various other parts of its body. Except, the iron grip around my arm really was painful. A sandy colored wolf was running in the direction of the forest, the black one trailing behind. She patted my arm. Please review! Like fooling around in class with his friends, sometimes talking back to the teacher. He is the one all the girls wanted, the one all the guys wanted to be and were jealous that they weren't. I'm shy and no one knows me, well except for my best friend Arabelle Warren who I've been best friends with since kindergarten. You can feel them though if you touch my arm. I don't know, but I do know that he doesn't. I quickly gathered my books and headed out the door. Where I got a salad, and chocolate milk, while Arabelle got an apple, and a chocolate milk. I spotted Tristan on the other side of the cafeteria with his friends. I faintly heard Belle tell them good job but I just kept going. Hmm never been in it. I grabbed her wrist and she turned around. I think we're going to be great friends, after all I did owe her. You want to know what's really pathetic that our sisters are best friends, and before today he didn't know I existed. I sat down at my normal spot, and Tristan sat across from me. 