The headmaster of the prestigious Crestan High School peered over his frames at the small boy sitting in front of him. A rosy, rounded man, his seat creaked painfully as he shifted. Finnigan frowned. The principal sighed. Lord, he sounded devastated. Sam Westlane's head shot up and he eagerly thanked the headmaster. She smiled to herself. Sam shook her head and breathed deeply. Yes, everything is finally going to change. Then she looked down again and pressed her hands down her clothes, fluffing her father's old shirt to ensure that it was loose around her small chest, which she had tried to bind down anyway with some old bandages she'd stolen from her uncle's medicine cabinet. A tall boy her age looked up, startled. She leaned on the door and covered her face embarrassedly. Mouth agape, she spun around and apologized profusely again. The boy nodded, wringing his hands together and keeping his eyes downcast. It was well known throughout the campus that the student body was divided into two major sections: either you were on Vincent Grenford's side or you were against him -namely, on his rival, Tristan Harland's side. Sam stared bewilderedly as the door closed behind the tall, handsome boy. Vincent mused. Vincent tossed the ball back to Jack. available that's even decent. Matchmaker. Surely suicide would be the better option in the face of the pure and unadulterated agony that she felt coursing throughout her entire being. What in the world had caused her to drink herself into such a stupor in the first place? If only that blasted sun would stop shining so brightly! Familiar…? But insult one another is what they did. How had he managed this in the first place? She paled when she realized what he was doing; he was, for all intents and purposes, flirting with her. He said the words with his usual carelessness, but there seemed to be something lurking underneath the surface. Jude nodded his head before swinging his legs over the side of the bed and searching for his clothes. His lithe body moved with a feline grace, even though she knew he was just as hungover as she was. She blinked twice before allowing that familiar scowl to grace her features. He did as was requested and found that he did indeed have a gold wedding band around the finger in question. By that time, Lira had risen from the bed, making it a point to clutch the sheet around her small frame very tightly. He again contemplated ripping out her vocal chords. He watched as she frantically scurried about the room gathering up her various articles of clothing—making sure to keep that thin sheet pulled frustratingly tight around her form. Lira made a mad dash for the adjoining bathroom, almost tripping on her sheet in the process. Boy—that Irish temper sure was acting up. He sat down on the edge of the bed, looking at the mess that the sheets were in. He toyed with the gold band absentmindedly, as he looked around the room further. Heh—at least they didn't have unprotected sex. At the sound of the bathroom door being forcefully opened, he glanced over to see a towel-clad Lira (did the girl ever wear clothes? How had things actually managed to get worse? The music for the 7 'o' clock news started as I walked into my boyfriend's flat, my bag weighing heavily on my shoulders and my body weary from a very long day. My classes had been interminably boring, I had missed lunch due to unfinished coursework that I had to complete in my break, and work had been hellishly busy. Well, I would get onto the homework bit after visiting my boyfriend, Brad (not the best of names I know, but we work with what we have). The 'huh' came out as it did because of the huge, heaving, naked bosom I encountered as the door swung open. So, we've established that my first reaction was 'huh', the second, I'm afraid, was no more dramatic. It was at this point that I finally looked at Brad. The whole thing felt so surreal. My honey brown hair leans towards blonde on some days, whilst, on other days, couldn't be described as anything other than brown. Fine, there had been moments when I'd thought he was a bit of a dick, like when he'd not turned up at my cousin's wedding when he'd promised he'd be there, or when he'd said he didn't understand why people got so het up over footy. Allison finally had all her stuff together and she'd thrown on a skirt, not bothering to fix it as it hung askew off her hips. Thinking back I can't believe how I managed to hold my temper. What a cliché! Not surprised? Brad and I had been officially an item for about five months at the party in question, and so I was feeling pretty good when I rocked up on Brad's arm that night, confident on having a good time. At a little after 3 in the morning I was beginning to droop and I headed upstairs to try and find Brad to tell him I was off. Enjoying the attention, I had let him kiss me, ignoring the sour taste of ale and that I wasn't really comfortable making out with him where anyone could walk in. Stung, I had left the room in a hurry, running into my brother, Matt, in the corridor. The problem was that he was cutting a bit close to home. Maybe it was having a protective older brother, or left over psychological damage from my run in with the guy at that party where I'd ended up in a bad situation, that made me how I was. A little while passed with me in this state, and it was only when I could feel the tears that had seeped through the fabric becoming cold against my skin that I realised I had stopped crying. Replaying Brad's cutting words over and over in my head made a few more tears beat a hasty retreat out of my eyes, but it was having another effect too. Suddenly, like a bloody great lightning bolt, the answer came thundering into my head. I turned the car back on and slammed it into first gear. Donovan twins turned out to be such a star. laughing. ledge. bottle of water? field. school. Donovan and Devon Matthews, the two most popular guys. like. minutes. Casey. sigh and the rest her chin on her arm. my nose. sweet! Allison. go to this one? sophomore year, a whole bunch of guys asked you didn't they? soooo pretty! slammed her hands down on the table again. talks about how you and Chris look so good. Your body! football players. seemed a bit shock, and he sat up straighter. that was just told. mentally groaned. know. lucky! or something? leaned in himself. bringing some chick. Pepsi can. you're dead. made his way and sat next to Allison. even have an appetite anymore. more. Please? her. had in common with Chris). in the hall. he muttered. head like a dog, and turned around back towards the cafeteria. -----------------------------------------------------Well review, and thanks for reading! Author Note: Well, I'm finally posting an original story :) I won't quit writing my current fanfic stories, but I think it's time for me to write something different. Love was in the air, or so they say, and it had entrapped my friends. I was frantically doing my Honors Pre-Calculus homework. I shook my head and nibbled on the end of my pencil. Her lower lip was trembling, and I grimaced. I didn't have to think twice. Grrr. Livy agreed, and I raised an eyebrow. I know I'm making her sound like a hardcore bitch, and to a degree, that's true, but mostly, it's not. Man-hater. Against my will, a smile crept onto my lips. The concept clearly staggered her. I headed to math class with Noelle, and much to my relief, Mr. Abernathy didn't call on me. After Honors Pre-Cal, I had AP US History. Livy's eyes were bright. Noelle opened the classroom's door and we sat down in the desks assigned to us. True, that. The bell rang again and the teacher rose from his desk. I know, I know. It's just that I've always felt this way. If people think I'm a man-hater, so be it. He'd surprised everyone. I told her about my math class and about my friends. It was a long-running joke between them. She brightened and grabbed her purse. I carried Andy to the family room where he promptly put a toy into his mouth. Sometimes I think he's a part of the reason why people call me a man-hater. I rescued Andy and went upstairs to my room. There was a note to his tone that made me sit straight. I groaned and Andy looked up at me. Yes, the Apocalypse was upon us. You think I'm exaggerating? And then there was the time when Jared had Ryan speak only in Spanish for two weeks. I tilted my head, but I could only hear murmurs. I caved because I didn't have any other choice. Andy, who evidently felt ignored, began to howl. Jared's friends started shouting out names. I stumbled downstairs, juggling Andy and the phone, and Jared came into the hallway. Silence fell as everyone stared at me. Noelle had said he was good-looking, and if I used some imagination, I almost could see it. It took a few seconds for the significance to sink in, and then I whirled around to confront Jared. My protest opened the floodgates. My eyes narrowed. Now I had everyone's attention. I shuddered. We shook hands. i. finger. kindly nature. hands in a. white oppressors. pretty well. blatantly apparent. urge to pinch his cheeks. pursue to a life of crime. with this news filtered into my brain. Remember a couple hundred years ago when men bought women and families? Well, okay, I'm not exactly being bought for hard labor. And how exactly did I manage to get myself forced into this, you ask? A hundred SMACKEROOS? My jaw dropped, and I'm sure that had there been any flies buzzing around, I would have choked on one and dropped dead. I glared at my brother, and mouthed out the word Sold? The crowd grew silent as a figure made his way up to the stage, he climbed the stairs. Maybe I should take the time to explain a bit about my school. Now generally, that would scare someone off, but not me. I had agreed. But it was the place my father's hospital had transferred him to, and it was where we moved a week after Dad's announcement, before I had a chance to talk to Curtis or my best friend Rachael. The day everything started, I was at Big Happy Family, the bakery in Linbury Airport I'd taken up a job waitressing at to pay for my books and clothes and Beethoven CDs. I eyed Jazz. Not exactly. He raised his head. I sneaked a glance at the book he was bent over, reading. I took a step back, startled by the venom in his tone. I felt my eyebrows rise involuntarily. Except I didn't really care. My cheery tone sounded too fake, probably because it was. I bit my lip. I wiped my hands on the rag by the counter. How did she know? I hoped. The red brick main building was covered in ivy and surrounded by acres of lush green land. The male voice came from behind me. the guy said, offering a frank smile. It was a Thornton tradition that during Registration, the principal met each and every student individually to give them their schedules and impart choice words of wisdom. I shrugged reluctantly and followed him down the walkway. Chris said finally, pushing open a glass door of a smaller red brick building. the girl shrieked, jumping off the couch to fling her slender tanned arms around my companion's neck. Chris laughed, gently disentangling her arms from his neck. The door to the principal's office had opened, and a girl even more beautiful than Roxanne was had stepped out. Roxanne swiveled her head around so fast that I regretted having said anything. Chris said. Roxanne's guess was correct. I forced a smile as I absorbed my surroundings. I nodded again. I considered. Roxanne sprang up from her couch as I exited the principal's office. Christopher's idea. She pushed past me and disappeared into the principal's office. I got my coffee and sat down on one of the picnic tables scattered around the riverside. Glancing over was an automatic reflex action, and I wasn't prepared for what I saw. For a moment, the bottom dropped out of my stomach as I thought of Curtis, my boyfriend back in Manhttan. Shit. The girl on the blanket pulled the guy down on top of her, and then rolled slightly onto her side. I nodded. The girl was still studying me suspiciously, so I backed off and crashed into the nearest table. I turned around hastily and crashed into a hot guy with sandy blond hair and piercing green eyes. He wore chinos and a crumpled white t-shirt he looked indecently good in. Was it possible that he didn't know the name of the girl he'd been making out with so vociferously? Okay. He held up something tiny and silver. I reached up, snatching it out of his grip. Patience was one of my virtues, but I was running out of it now. Was this Roxanne in pants or what? This was worse than I had thought at first. Go figure. I was pretty sure the guy was delusional, or plain crazy, or both. Why did he think anybody would believe my word over his? Linbury wasn't just Hottie Central; it was also Confusion Central. Curtis was out playing basketball, according to his mother, who asked me sympathetically how I was and then seemed offended when I gave her a terse answer. At nine-thirty, I found myself strolling into Rochester Park. At ten-thirty, I realized they weren't coming. She flounced over to the ornate gold mirror hanging on the wall, proceeding to apply a thick sheen of cherry red gloss to her pout while I considered whether I should be offended that she'd basically just called me a wet blanket. 'You're holding me back,' Robert had said, admiring his reflection in the restaurant windows for moment before focusing back on me. By 'anything' he'd meant me. 'You don't have to move out or anything,' he'd continued smoothly. 'I said you didn't have to move out,' he'd reiterated as he reached me. 'Are you angry? 'No, of course not,' I'd said brightly, glad that the street lights weren't bright enough to illuminate the glossy look of unshed tears in my eyes. I didn't want to go back to my parents' house. Bridget was something of a legend in our little town. My cousin and I had stayed in touch with emails and phone calls, but I was long overdue for a visit. she said, her voice becoming quite chipper. I felt my nerves multiply tenfold at the slightly crazed look in her eyes. As my manager continued to rant and rave, I amused myself by imagining lots of little exclamation marks popping up in the air around his head like they would if he was in a cartoon. Gary wiped away the sweat beads that had formed across his brow with the back of his hand and then threw the huge wad of tabloid newspapers and magazines he'd been holding down onto his desk. Unwillingly, I flicked my eyes down to the stack of papers on his desk and read the top headline as it blared out at me. It couldn't have been that exclusive, I thought objectively, if all these tabloids were running the same story. I rolled my eyes. Storybooks, which are exposed to little children every single day, are dangerous. Okay, the reality is this: the episodes in your life won't always end right. My life is definitely not close to being a storybook. Yeah, I was stupid. I'm speaking in riddles. Well, I hope you enjoyed the intro! Summary: Sarea McKinley is a uni-undergrad in the modern world. A/N: I have been toying with this 'Dragons and Life Mates' idea for such a long time that I don't even remember when this started anymore. the wall solid, you hear me? happen in 47. tonight, ladies. shit, Taylor! She initialed each section after thoroughly reading it over. she said aloud,  While the two professions were not very different, she was unable to make up her mind. College was making her crazy. she heard a voice say as someone took a seat next to her. the boy said. The boy, who was indeed named Jack, sat there bewildered. Congratulations! Henry would not have signed that letter himself. Jack Shanahan – the only son of Henry Shanahan and quite frankly the richest man on campus. he said taking off after her. she said dryly. she said, keeping her eyes on the door ahead of her. he said simply. With that, she took off toward the door, leaving behind an amused Jack. Avery laughed. At her recent press conference, billionaire heiress Paris Hilton denied any relation with millionaire heir Jack Shanahan. Avery looked down at her work and tried to distract herself. I got up quickly, shoving papers into my textbook and jamming my textbook under my arm. I slowed to a stop when I heard the familiar voice and turned around. Riley shrugged. she expressed lazily. I shook my head and hurried out side. Well, Oz Michael Anderson to be more specific. I leaned against the stonewalls and bit into my turkey sandwich, watching him. Sandra said, rolling her eyes. Cassie is… well, she's the sort of 'popular' type. I didn't inherit her American standard good looks, but I wasn't considered ugly. Riley grumbled, coming up from behind us. I yelled. inquired the most beautiful voice which I have been dying to hear for ages. I slowly turned around. Riley had her mouth shut, but I could tell she was toying with that stupid tongue ring I wanted. I let out a groan. I mumbled, pushing my glasses up. Geez. So naturally, their dislike for piercing is expected. Anyway, tonight me and Riley were going to go to some small tattoo parlor and get my tongue pierced. Luann cleared her throat. I said immediately, not really thinking, and taking in the tattoo shop, awed. He had a tattoo on his head. Riley raised her chin defiantly. I was getting desperate by now. She started her car and drove out the empty parking lot while I drowned in misery. I stared at her, confused at first. Ten minutes later finds us standing together next to a public phone inside of Texaco. It took longer than we thought, to convince my older cousin, but in the end, she finally gave in. Look out Oz, cuz there's a new Riz in town. ETA: I must thank everyone dearly for all the support I've received for this one-shot. First and foremost, on Tuesdays, the cafeteria served spicy chicken burgers with an extra helping of curly cut fries. Based on the assumption that no one was perfect, it would also imply that Ashton Brody was not flawless. So, all I had to do was catch him in a moment of imperfection. Oh, I hadn't wanted to believe it, I really hadn't. Target approaching locker with 2 irrelevant individuals. It was difficult not to frown at the trio. 7:57amTarget heading toward first class. Ashton sat in the row next to the window, three seats from the back. Target likes using those 4-color pens, especially the red and black. Lalala was right. Target nowhere to be found. The hallway was trafficking again, as it always was during the five minute break between each class. Exiting the classroom was not hard. True that. 9:20amTarget is sitting at desk, reviewing notes. Said hot chick was Rachel Lee Almon—vice president of the student body and predicted valedictorian. Strike three: possibly promiscuous. As the quiz papers were being passed down, Ashton made a sudden movement. 9:23amTarget: page one of quiz. 9:39amTarget: still page one. 10:00amTarget: page two. Albeit, his sneeze was kind of ugly, but not gross enough to make it strike four. Only our school had a ring that sounded like a doorbell. More importantly though, this was the class I would reveal the true Ashton Brody—a lying, slutty, cheapscape dog-kicker. 007 status: on the move. Honors Differential Calculus turned out to be problematic. Precious, precious. As inconspicuously as I could, I lowered my forehead onto the edge of the desk, hands hidden underneath, un-origami-ing the note. Is this what Hamlet felt like when he echoed the fateful words, ? Like the good little spy that I was, I followed. I enjoyed talking to people, and I liked to make new friends. It never bothered me that a lot of other girls liked to look at him. Looking once to the right, then to the left, I darted in. All of the urinals were empty. Could he hear my escalated breathing? I plopped down on the toilet seat and bolted the lock. Oh, all that was sacred. Masturbating. 12:05pmTarget caught self-cultivating in bathroom stall at school. 12:06pmTarget caught applying prescription lotion, not lube. Now I didn't quite know if I wanted to find out Ashton's dirty little secrets anymore. 12:21pmLocation: 1. With a backpack slung over his shoulder, he strolled down Bartholomew Avenue like a true regular. The waiter, who looked much too old to be working here, stopped in front of my table. Maybe he was ugly when he ate. But Ashton didn't eat. From the length of it, it seemed to be a phone number? Discretion was, after all, my middle name. A date. If it hadn't been evident before, it was now. So the story goes: Julia Gallo meets Daniel Summer. Now, Julia Gallo had a best friend named Claire Manser. Then you know how the story ends. Okay. Claire and Ale Anderson thought, would it not be exciting if Jared had a baby brother or sister? In the Summer residence, Julia and Daniel were having similar thoughts. It's difficult to explain the history of our relationship. My answer to that is yeah. But one day it changed. I knew those words, but I didn't under the context. The hurt I felt was ridiculously unexpected. The hurt swirled within me, forming something dangerous. That was how the beginnings of contempt formed. He laughed in my face. I carefully locked any feelings remotely close of friendship I had ever felt for him. I would be lying if I said it was all him. Somehow, our verbal attacks entered the physical arena. Naturally, once I realized this, I was pissed off. In fact, it was quite the opposite with the way his arrogance managed to triple. Our arguments turned even more dangerous as we delved deeper into puberty and toward teenage years. God. Yeah, you read right. I told you it was absurd. Of course, he noticed this. I told him to let me go. Wait! Being near him prevents me from forming any coherent thought. Predictably, Mom saw me in action and told Dad. It was a good thing that he lived all the way in Europe; I never saw him more than ten times a year. I nearly passed out when I heard his voice. I wasn't disappointed. The dull, almost nonexistent ache was deep within my chest, but I was able to ignore it successfully. If only he just kept on hating me. This was worse than anything he ever caused intentionally. That thought scares me, because what if he can't satiate that empty space. God, this is a mess. a/n: i had this up under another penname but took it down. Amber's head snapped up and the eyes she got from our mother, a dark royal blue, widened, giving her the look of someone much younger than her near-eighteen years. And then she was gone. There was someone at the door; I heard them knocking, two long and three short knocks, the same type I used. She adjusted her dress and hair, smoothing a hand over her face to check for imperfections. From beneath my pile of blankets and sheets, I peeked out at the neon green numbers on my alarm clock. Through the murky glass in the middle of the door, I could just see the blurry shape of a person. Grunting in response, I turned on my heel and went inside, leaving the door open for him to find his own way. I said again. Confused, I glanced down, and immediately realised the dilemma. His eyebrows slowly moved up and I scowled, awfully aware at the way my body was burning in humiliation. We stared at each other; me embarrassed and angry, and him just plain irritated. I echoed, watching as he left the room. She fumbled a bottle of juice and it dropped to the ground. I shot her a puzzled look. The adrenaline pumping through his veins was familiar; after all, there was nothing like a good game to get his blood pumping… and he knew that this was going to be one to remember. Her hair was in a high pony tail, and even then it looked long. He pivoted with a roll of his eyes. Oliver barely resisted the urge to grit his teeth together. He opened his mouth, but promptly shut it closed. a melodious voice reached his ears. he agreed, their eyes straying to their topic of conversation. Shaking his head, he smiled amusedly at her. He released a breath he didn't know he was holding. Kylie looked up at him confusedly but shrugged, pushing away any thoughts to the back of her head. Sydney Rhode. Then the stolen moment was dispelled, they both looked away, and reality was set. nothing else really matters. across my face. exactly two people, but only needing to fit the one. Madeline". love. Cherokee. course not. ignoring me. was too funny". know. I know. out, and maybe even. of her. Ouch. well. well. not scared". Hunter". it would've been. "What. lying. you hungry"? that"? must be true. retarded. It's just. the opposite direction. it. bustling alien fog comes Pop and his evil glares. Poplar. it was in your childhood. glanced over my shoulder. "Fine. "Yeah. car ride was uncomfortable. hair, purple eyes, always smiling. deep shit. really just you who would get into the deep shit but you get it. I was so mad. "You. and the end of first grade I had met him. was a weird name, kinda long and . he doesn't belong inside and he might get sick. man. like Moder. too". Madeline. to thin air. after all, reminded me of that name. beloved sisters. way man. should use their bad attitude. going". Now about the twins. nothing. are a little high-strung but . figured out the last name. imaginary friend that you insisted on drugging up from my past. yeah. girlNow why did you call me. can't sleep and I'm all messed up in the head. . I was gonna call you because I have something to tell you. would be. . be gone for a few months. mad are you? yeah. I knew you were pissed! I let the phone flip shut. coated fountains and outdoor cafes to be visiting? it from me. . Bear . The teaspoon clutched so desperately in my hand begins to wobble. The spoon steadies and I let myself breathe again. I take it to him, and his eyes open. I don't know how he drinks it so fast without burning himself. He says nothing, his eyes falling shut again. I carry what remains of the cup back into the kitchen. I used to love the foamy bubbles. It has been nearly a decade now, and this story has painfully sat with updates growing fewer and farer between. I wonder if people can tell from the chapter content that I was growing up as I wrote them. She wore a pale blue palla around her shoulders and a white, calf-length stola that was fastened at each shoulder with a gold clip. When she caught sight of him standing there across the room, her head lifted even more and a small smile played at the corners of her full, pouty lips. She didn't speak, but that mischievous smile never left her face as she let her palla slip oh-so-slowly from off her shoulders and then coyly reached up to unclasp her stola. he growled. She hurried back over to her pile of clothes and crouched down to dig through one of the pockets. That's the first word that comes to my mind every morning. Bang. Oh. I shout, throwing on a pair of pants and rushing towards the door hurriedly. I reply hurriedly. I only swear like this in my head. Oh, fu –Crap. I hear the thump, thud, thump of his footsteps as he comes down the hallway to the living room. He just pauses, looks at me and knocks over a glass that I haven't picked up yet. And then he's gone, storming down the hall to his room; the last door on the right. I've been cooking for years. When everything's in the oven and the water for the pasta is boiling, I go over and pick up the pieces of glass. I go to the bathroom, sucking on my finger. I see Alfred's green eyes and Alfred's auburn hair and his slender nose and defined cheekbones. People say I'm good-looking. I can't avert my eyes at first, but then I hear his door open. Damn, it's fucking cold outside. The apartment we live in is 334, which is parallel to apartment 333. Two, three hours since that woman went into our apartment with my dad? Oh shit. I ask her, but I don't get to answer. I say automatically. He snarls and lifts his foot as if to crush a bug. This time is no exception. He's right though. He's not that bad, really. Alfred spits on me and storms away, bumping into a million things as he goes, knowing I'll clean everything up after him. Samantha Spade: the quiet, witty, extremely sarcastic one. David Weston: the rich, arrogant playboy who thinks the world revolves around him. Madison Harper: the school golden girl. Ian Hart: the hottie next door. Scott Manning: the badass player. It's their final year at Maple Ridge Academy. Yeah, normally this question involves a tree, I'm aware of that. Okay, first off, no, I'm not insane (though a certain track star would beg to differ, but he's an ass, so really, who gives a damn what he says? My name? Spade. So, who am I? There's Madison Harper, my roommate of three years so far, and one of my best friends. Then there's Ian Hart. And have I mentioned what a cutie he is? To tell the truth, I don't particularly like my stepfather all that much (I guess that's not really uncommon), and I don't particularly like the kind of person my mother turned into. But Amanda? We both have the same skin tone (whereas mine is natural – parents are Guyanese, holla – Scott's comes from a tan made by years and years spent vacationing in Maui or the Dominican, wherever the happening vacation spot for the rich is these days), the same thick dark hair, the same dark eyes… we even have the same sort of build, only I'm more, ah, feminine. Our mutual love for the show is what actually brought us together (it's so corny, I know). So… where was I, again? Dear, dear Amanda got to stay at home in Toronto and continue to go to public school. I'm just kind of sad for Alan, since this is my and Scott's last year at Maple (last year was supposed to be Scott's last year, but the idiot had to go and skip half his classes and fail the year, so the school faculty so graciously allowed him to repeat his senior year with me… after Adam 'donated' a couple hundred grand, of course). Let me make it clear right now: I abhor David. See, my first day at school, he hit on me (I'd barely stepped foot out of the taxi). Anyways, I'm off-topic again. Point is, I can see why girls think he's so hot (he's another one of the campus hotties, by the way). Okay. Which brings me to the day I went back to school, the weekend before classes began. Right. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes, and continued packing away my clothes into my closet. Madison grinned and leapt off the bed, rushing towards the window to open it up. I sighed, not exactly happy about the idea of Weston spending the next hour in my room, on my bed. I winced at the mentioning of my name. See, contrary to what people think, I don't enjoy arguing with Weston. Remember how I said those two have been friends since diapers? I cracked, frowning when I realized that the book in my hand belonged on the topmost shelf. Scott burst out laughing. Weston raised an eyebrow suggestively. A string of loud curses flew from his mouth. Ant leant on the apartment door and pushed it open with her back. She yelped in surprise and dropped one of the brown paper bags, and a landslide of oranges tumbled out. She nodded slowly and tried not to stare at his shoulder blades moving underneath his skin as he walked towards the kitchen. His jaw tightened slightly and he took a drink of milk from the carton. He turned over his shoulder with a smirk,  Then he took a swig of the milk. Ant shrugged -- truth be told, she wasn't displeased to see him because she enjoyed change, and someone interrupting a well established living arrangement was a big change. Perry jumped from her seat and ran to her brother to hug him. He only grinned and released her from his embrace. But he started clearing the table anyway; there had only been two of them eating and Ant was otherwise distracted with her cancer stick. When he had woken up from his nap he had heard rumbles of their hushed conversation through the walls, and he had stealthily exited his room and stood in the darkness of the hallway to eavesdrop. Perry grinned and her head popped out of sight. He responded with a brief nod before he slid the door close and walked away. She was stunned at how quick his answers were. The phone rang and Ant jumped at the opportunity to answer it. Ant smiled,  Then she turned to Dorian. Ant's lips hooked into a smile. Ant's smile fell. The desert was desolate and ugly, and above all, it was brown. Next to her, Nicky was crying. Adrian's other sister Meg was sulking in her seat. Adrian bit back a scathing retort. As if, Adrian thought bitterly. The crowd magically parted and created a path for Karen. Karen dropped her purse. Karen's hands slipped under Mr. Blake's shirt. Karen's sons stood behind the adults. Adrian believed her. Karen's older son stepped forward. Adrian took pity on him. Nicky sighed mistily. Isaac's younger brother thrust his chest out. Adrian looked towards her father and Karen. She pinched the bridge of her nose hard. The deep, masculine voice opened Adrian's eyes. Nicky was a goner before his light green eyes even landed on her. Isaac shrugged a shoulder irritably. Alex smiled. That deliberate pause made Adrian bristle. Adrian tuned out her sister's chatter. Her skin tingled. Whatever Alex would have said, Adrian never knew because their parents finally broke apart. They went over to the baggage claim. Heat swamped Adrian the moment she stepped out of the airport. Since there were eight of them now, it required some finesse to load all the luggage and figure out the driving arrangements. Alex drove a black Eclipse. Desert and more desert. Alex glanced at her sideways. His arrogance took her breath away. Adrian immediately saw the reason for his panic. Both Adrian and Meg did an identical double take. Meg rolled her eyes and let Owen go. No one said anything until they pulled up in front of a huge house. Mouth tight, Adrian got out of the car. Once inside the house with her bags, Adrian looked up at the ceiling. Adrian did quick mental calculations. Her head whipped around, as she stepped backwards, glancing down the hallway. Adrian went down the hallway. She managed to hold it together until she got to her room. When she yanked open the blinds, she was staring directly at a very dusty and brown section of the backyard. A fist closed around her heart. Adrian's face burned. She backed out of the room with haste, only to bump into Alex standing in the hallway. Alex leaned his shoulder against the wall. Adrian found her tongue at last. Dinner was indeed served in an hour, but only because Alex cooked the steaks. God, she was certifiable! Yeah right, Adrian thought. Her thoughts turned to school. That night, when Adrian slept in her awkwardly positioned bed, she expected the tears to come, but they never did. I won't bore you with details, but essentially, I feel like I made some poor authorial decisions for  Mind you, I enjoyed writing the original version, but there are some flaws that bother me. I promise I will not remove the old version. English has always been my greatest academic subject. Regardless of what the answer was, no administrator ever recognized I had a knack for English. My classmates were hopelessly clueless. I contemplated raising my hand to answer her. Miss Halt cut her sentence short as the classroom door slammed open against the pale green wall. Seth glanced at Miss Halt with the look of a predator ready to attack. Seth had a very intimidating appearance to someone as delicate as Miss Halt. Personally, I liked his look. When Miss Halt was finally able to break free from his gaze she quietly asked Seth to take his seat. I was beginning to feel sorry for her. he asked with his deep voice. I blinked and looked at him in surprise. She obviously forgot she had an Anna in her class. At his comment, everyone began glancing around the class, because of course they'd all forgotten who Anna was. I asked quietly. I don't know… could I tell her what a sonnet is? I paused and tapped my finger on my bottom lip. I'm revising this story, so some things may not make sense as they don't connect exactly with the old version, but it will all make sense when I'm done. Summary: In nineteenth century London, it's not considered proper for a young lady to send flowers to a healthy, eligible young bachelor. Annabelle Bradford has adored Adrian from afar for years and when she finally finds the nerve to tell him of her feelings, she does it in the most frivolous of ways – with a bouquet! The mail, My Lord". "Yes, and he'll go, even though he'll think it's odd and strange and rather grotesque. She looked around her garden, recalling the meaning of each plant planted there as she did. panted a young boy as he jogged through the garden from the coach house. Annabelle sighed and leaned back against the worktable. Adrian cast him a curious look before striding to the drawing room, rolling up his sleeves against the stuffy summer weather. Adrian inquired, looking down his nose at the boy. Adrian blinked, shocked. Drawing in a breath, Adrian regained his composure. The meaning of flowers. The boy nodded and Adrian considered this for a moment. A director is at the helm, a cast is being selected, and a website has been launched to make this thing an even bigger deal. I'm sure there's a boy named Johnny out there that fits that description, but, sadly, it's not me. I used to think that everyone had brothers like mine. Only I was the baby sister. Then, somewhere along my teen years, my brothers decided I was cool. After my brothers left, my house was rather empty. He ran like a rabbit and understood English better than a kindergartner. See, about the time me and my mop moved in with Felicia, tasting the sweet nectar of freedom for the first time, was about the time Felicia hooked up with Ralph. Now, let me guide you in on a little secret. I torpedoed. Felicia, however, did not. A note of caution: Read this slowly, because 5 new characters are being introduced, and it might become confusing. Thank you thank you. No one took the initiative to answer. The off-limits studio located on the upper east 4th floor of the Arts and Productions wing. One would think that such seclusion would harbor great curiosity among the student body, but in truth, most did not know such a room even existed. Of course, while the real-time video footage of South Merritt's new batch of students was very exciting indeed, more so were the five young men who stood watching it. the brunet of the group observed. Choice was never a problem though. But Jesse only grinned, the uninhibited, pearly white grin that had caused countless girls to wish they were promiscuous enough to dally with him. However, one could argue whether the ladies preferred the bad boy, or the good boy—Theodore Alexander Voltaire-Koch. Jesse said, looking slyly to his right. Dark, brooding, and handsome, Gabriel was the stuff romance novels were made of, causing a whole different flood of girls to flock his way. All four waited for the fifth's appraisal of the batch. The problem with Adam was that he never fell into any category. Almost immediately, the air became still again and Debbie's skirt fell back into place. No one was sure how much time passed before a lone figure peeked its head out from the bathroom door. Only Adam remained silent as he listened to them praise Gabriel, his eyes never leaving the screen. He isn't like other guys around the school. He can make friends in a second and have any girl he wanted, but he didn't want any girl. Me? People who know me well say I live two different lives. My Family? A piercing noise cut through my thoughts. Okay, so what happened next was normal for me. I mentally rolled my eyes while my golden blonde hair fell around my face. I said hesitantly. I blinked at the hand held out to me before taking it,  I smiled lightly and nodded. His hair was a dark shade of brown and his eyes were hazel. Almost right on cue the bell rang signaling lunch. Half way to my locker I heard my name being called. I've known Danielle Cravat since the fourth grade and we've been best friends ever since. The freshman sits up still on the floor and I notice first that he has a disease that makes him mentally retarded. The second thing I notice is that Trent, Mitchell, and a couple of their friends are at the table across from the guys who tripped him, glaring. I smiled and nod. I smiled at him,  I then looked to Trent and noticed his eyes were actually on me. Then I spotted her drawing at one of the blue tables in the back. There was silence. I glanced back at the picture. A woman poked her head out through the kitchen door. her face was way to innocent for my liking. Trent's little sister…A/n: Okay so here is my newest story on fictionpress. Heyo. General disclaimers: This story is about vampires. I'm also sorry that this prologue is only kind of like what the story is going to be like. -LulaiMy life was not exactly normal, even before the truly weird stuff started happening. It was the firemen who found me, crying, shivering, locked in the only room that didn't burn to the ground. There were only little things that I remembered about my parents. I was taken in and eventually adopted by Nona and Pappy, also known as Marie and George Lemke. Some of my fondest memories are of Nona tucking me in at night. Pappy was the best prosecuting lawyer in the city, if not the state. Now, if Pappy was the best lawyer in the state, Nona was the best cook in the world. I was a bit of a loner at school, mostly because I had extremely sensitive skin, especially to the sun. He lifted my chin with his finger, so that he could see my tear streaked face. After that, I practically grew up in the courthouse. It was during my first year of community college that I met my best friend. Ann was no exception. I looked closely at her nose. I took off my sun hat and held it in my hand. And so our friendship started. John was a cute guy. Life was going really well. I was utterly devastated. I gave him a small smile. I knew we were well off; Pappy was a lawyer, and a good one. The next morning, sober, wandering through my childhood home, I realised that Ann was right. It was a simple place, a one level, two-bedroom complex in the middle of St. Bastion's suburbia. I kept Kate's Komputers, one because I didn't want to leave all my new employees in the lurch, but mostly because I simply needed something to do with my time. John and Ann married in a small, beautiful church. She could see them out of the corners of her eyes. Sayuri Genevieve West touched the bubbling flute of champagne to her lips, enjoying the feel of the burning sensation as the liquid swept past her tongue and down her slender throat. Sayuri suppressed a bitter laugh at the group of women who stood not too far away from her. Eric looked…good. I sat very still on the back veranda, my legs dangling over the edge of the decking, looking out over across the eerily dark view. I didn't feel embarrassed by the unnecessarily childish answer, in fact I took comfort in acting like a spoilt six year old around him. It wasn't my fault, though, it was his. Forgetting about my determination not to look at him, I twisted my neck round to stare at him in disbelief. The story goes that the first time I had kicked in the womb it had been when Max, a baby himself, had placed his hand against my mother's stomach. I knew I should've just let it go. That being said . Tristan Harland, son of Patrick Harland, the CEO of Harland Incorporation and the Harland Hotels, opened the door with a wry smile. Tristan nodded back. Bells jingled from bicycles and horns blared from passing cars. Unbidden, a shade of bold crimson came to mind and Tristan's pace slowed. He paused, peering up at the sun and glancing over at the storefronts around him. He didn't fall but a loud squawk made him wince. The lady was now mottled red. He turned around then and found himself eye to eye with the owner of the voice. He thought he could hear the gnashing of her teeth. He spluttered, rubbing at his eyes. His eyes drifted lazily across each shop's display on the table posted outside. He looked up into a pair of startled eyes. She had walked ten steps before she realized that he was no longer beside her. She blinked at his retreating back. Well, at least he would have if he hadn't suddenly been yanked backward by the scruff of his shirt. Tristan snapped. He nearly tripped. He found his hands clamped on her arms before either of them could blink. She cleared her throat and tried to press on anyway because sometimes, it was the only thing a person could do. He was about a block away when he suddenly had a nagging notion that he was forgetting something. It was hanging out of the gaping pocket of a pair of beige shorts. The idiot was sprinting at full speed toward her, yelling something or another. He didn't look particularly happy though. Spinning around on her heels, she flew away. He was five steps behind her and he could see that she moved like liquid, cutting through the crowd easily. A truck conveniently blared its horn from across the street then and she made out something along the lines of You . Tristan dropped his face into his hands. The girl backed up and walked out of the room, her steps stiff and robotic. She frowned and picked up the necklace. I'm back! To put you all out of the misery I gave you for False Facades, I will be setting deadlines for updates: a new chapter will be posted every week or at the latest, every other week. Thanks to Intorqueo for catching my mistakes. Thanks to four squared for picking up on another blunder of mine. © Copyright 05/21/2006 Maeven (FictionPress ID:349779). let him get to me. "Oh. really. saying. it. visible lump where my wallet might be and. attitude? open and he stares at Mrs. Warren. boyfriend, "Mark and Lisa. Noooooo! particularly". his jeans. but if you'd rather me beat you up. thank you. Go to school. Get laid. sick! So. and it was all for the best. Dark green eyes were narrowed at Elliot as his flat mate shot him an accusing glare from the refrigerator. But anyway, bad mood personified was walking toward Elliot, a deep frown on his face. One; he couldn't believe people still left dogs in boxes on the street. There was a small ring from the toaster as the bread popped out. He didn't have a problem with Quinn, but sometimes, it seemed Quinn had a problem with him. His head was down in concentration, his dark hair falling over his eyes as he sliced the crust off his toast. Elliot could tell Quinn was watching him. Meetings were truly the bane of his existence Tobias decided as he was forced to sit through yet another painfully boring session with his council of advisors. He supposed that wealth was one of the benefits of his position. The Council's chairman, Adam, intoned. Striding from the table he flung open the double doors shattering their intricate glass panes in his anger. His mother asked, deeply concerned as to the reason for his obvious anger. He internally winced as one in particular came to mind. The King's eyes narrowed and his muscles tensed in shock. The frantic voice of her mother swiftly ejected her from the peaceful utopia her book had immersed her in and thrust her swiftly back to the harsh realities of her life. Dragging her across the small room, she opened the wardrobe door before thrusting Alexandria within its confines. Help us, someone help us. Natasha's eyes widened in fear for her daughter and what would happen to her if she were found and her usual weakness momentarily disappeared. Forgetting her mother's earlier warning Alexandria sprung from the closet quickly reaching Natasha's side. Blood! …someone help us! Stop crying, you're killing me here. he whispered in awe as his body's reaction became clear. melt". eingeladen? I was swirling my French fries to certain death within a mound of barbeque sauce, when Meghan sat down beside me. Basically, she goes after all the singles in the area—whether they are twelve or eighty-nine—and pairs them off, and makes them date each other. Which explains why I immediately froze when she sat down, swallowed a fry whole, and began choking for air. Yeah, I know that it wasn't the most tactful thing to ask, in fact, it was rather rude, but I was trying to advert her attention from me, and back to where it should be; on her best friend and our schools' Mr. Popular. However, I have never had a boyfriend that the Matchmaker has picked out for me, mostly because I have been avoiding her for most of my life. And you can't even hate him for it, because he is the model boyfriend and this all around great guy. I murmured, and glanced around the cafeteria, trying to see if I could pinpoint someone willing to come save me. Hmm…? Yup, I must be losing my hearing, that's it. Oh Lord, she's serious. Yeah, even as a little second grader, I was already questioning Disney. Try devastated. She looked like the Cheshire cat from Alice in Wonderland by now, A/N: Hehehe…yes, I know that this is a classic ending that I used for The Matchmaker's Best Friend, but I couldn't help it. So, in recap, this is NOT a sequel to my other story that has Meghan and Kale in it and you don't need to read that one before reading this. Now, I promise to go work on more chapters for this story and my other two. The first thing I thought when I spied him for the first time was that his hair was fake. I don't know why I was obsessing over his hair, though, when there were so many other interesting things about his appearance—like his lip and eyebrow rings, and his disturbingly purple eyes, from colored-contacts, obviously, that so starkly clashed with his hair color. But back to this intriguing boy sitting across the classroom from me, whom I decided to christen Ronald McDonald. All around me was the chatter of summer vacations, who hooked up with whom, who got the best tan, who had the best party. As I scrutinized Ronald McDonald, who was sitting directly across from me, his purple eyes suddenly made contact with my dark green ones. A scowl spread across Ronald McDonald's face when he saw that I didn't intend to look away. The bell rang, and Ronald McDonald ripped his gaze away from mine. the teacher demanded forcefully. I looked at the girl's surrounding me. And from then on, there was never a time I didn't wonder about the purple-eyed, red-haired boy across from me. I didn't realize how much I had taken friends for granted until I walked into the cafeteria for my fifth period lunch. I stood by the doorway for a few minutes, almost waiting for someone to just come up to me and invite me to eat lunch with her. Then I spotted Thrasher—well, his hair, actually—sitting at a lunch table in a corner, eating lunch by himself. As I neared, I saw that he was reading a thick paperback book. I frowned when I heard that a slight lilt to his words—like a hidden accent lurking underneath that threatened to burst forth. If looks could kill . I shrugged and pulled my lunch out of my backpack, keeping his threat in mind. I didn't see Thrasher again until the last period (or rather two periods, since it was a double period) of the day, AP Biology. I was seated smack dab in the middle, but I saw Thrasher stomp down the far right aisle, terrifying the kids he walked by, to get to the corner. I heard a girl's voice say on my left. She nodded. She frowned again. Behind the girl, her friends exchanged glances. Freaky Blue Eyes introduced herself as Sam—I was only to call her Samantha on pain of death—and briefly explained to me where she and her friends sat, while the teacher walked in and began shuffling through stacks of papers on his desk. Mr. Mayhem shook his head. There was silence as Mr. Mayhem considered Thrasher's demand. I almost expected this Remy Daly to protest having to sit up closer to the front because of the demands of some stupid Ronald McDonald-esque kid, but she said nothing as she prepared to move her seat. he declared as he touched a desk in the row second to the back, and in the column next to the column where Thrasher's seat was—the column second to the wall. For what felt like the thousandth time that day, Thrasher's eyes roughly locked onto mine. I was going to figure him out even if I died before I did. At long last, here is the first chapter of that story I've mentioned or may have mentioned before. the sane one. to my. too much. door. "Unless. closet will work. blanket. mean everything. things can speak individually. ". okay. Benvolio Abruzzi. think. temple. . Merc, Ro, and I are separated by mere minutes. Adrian Blake had once read that forty-year old women had a better chance of dying in a plane crash than remarrying. She pursed her lips, but she didn't answer him. Still lying on her bed, Adrian propped herself up on an elbow. Adrian blinked. Their sister Meg marched into the room. Adrian got to her feet and searched through her closet. They trooped downstairs. Sometimes Adrian didn't know what they'd do without her. The airport was huge, but Adrian had been there many times. Sighing, Adrian followed him. They plunked down on seats near the exits for the United airline. Adrian shifted uncomfortably in her chair. Living with her had considerably improved the Blake girls' sex education. Meg tugged on her hand. Mr. Blake stood on his toes and scanned the crowd. The crowd magically parted and created a path for Karen. Karen dropped her carry-on bag. Karen's sons stood behind the adults. Karen's hands slipped under his shirt. Adrian reviewed her mental files. Nicky sighed mistily. The youngest Montgomery thrust his chest out. Isaac scowled at him. Georgia finally tore her eyes away from the kissing couple. So that was it! The guy was average-looking. Adrian's eyebrows almost shot up. Alex smiled. Alex's light green eyes rested on her. Meg and Owen-Xiron were deep into a discussion. Adrian listened to them. Mr. Blake and Karen finally broke apart. Adrian stifled a giggle. Since there were nine of them now, it required some finesse to load all the luggage and figure out the driving arrangements. Mr. Blake had a minivan, though, so they put the luggage there. She'd met some guys like him, so sure that girls would trip over themselves. The pizza parlor came into sight. The hostess finally showed them to a table. Well, Adrian had done her fair share of kissing. As she stared at Jason, she came to a conclusion that she'd settled on earlier. Isaac talked about a science book he'd recently read. They traded information for a bit. Jason and his family got up from their booth. Adrian just shrugged. It almost made Adrian laugh. The drinks arrived and then the garlic bread as an appetizer. Everyone echoed her toast. I sighed, patted a hand to my mouth in a blasé manner, and looked over at Perry, who had an equally bored look on his gorgeous face. Claimer: Mine. I whined desperately, turning to my last line of defense. I stared at him, gaping. Warren asked sardonically, a smile tugging at his lips. It was times like this that I couldn't understand what I saw in him. Nicole reminded me. But when she invited her boyfriend and his children over for dinner today I hadn't expected Claire and Connor Barton to show up at our door with their father and little brother. Still, I could have handled that. I'd been playing with the food left over on my plate and it just flipped right out of my hands when I heard the words  and  coming from my mom's mouth. Warren offered helpfully. God, I hated couples. Continue? Chapter edited by: Lily. I could see through my blurred vision that I was leaving my hometown to a place I've never been before, going somewhere I wished I wouldn't have to go. Not that it mattered now. Home? Without warning, her eyes had turned opaque, and she stopped talking. Why her? Between the gate and the mansion was a beautiful garden that spread to the sides and to the back of the mansion. I eyed him with dark blue eyes. Taking a deep breath, I looked up at the sky, whose color was changing into dark blue. Aunt Deena was the only person I had contact with on my father's side of the family. I never used to see my aunt that much, really. Maid, I thought to myself. I saw her pressing a remote she had in her hand, and suddenly, the gate opened. My aunt pulled me as she led me through the long and well illuminated hall to the door she mentioned. At the head of the table was, who I assumed was Mr. Cooper - it had to be. At his right side, I supposed, was his wife, Mrs. Cooper. On Mr. Cooper's left, was an empty seat. She asked nicely. Another one I have to meet? My body froze instantaneously when I saw him behind me. His hair was dark brown and just touched his jaw. Mrs. Cooper revealed. I couldn't take my eyes off him. A mayhem of emotions exploded in my chest. As for me, I turned around quietly and let my aunt lead me out of the dining room. Thank god Mrs. Cooper had been that kind. I climbed past two floors before arriving to mine, where there was only one room. The first thing I noticed was the white curtains that weren't exactly white anymore, and behind them was a hardly noticeable glass door. There was only one Queen sized bed, which I considered to be quite good, since I expected a smaller one. Overall, it wasn't a bad room. She smiled sweetly and patiently, something she rarely did. I doubted I'd need something. my aunt shook her head. I shifted to a more comfortable position, and finally let my tears fall freely from my eyes and my mind flashed back to all of the memories I had with my mother. Sighing, I mentally saluted myself, Welcome to heartbreak, Eva. I'd really be grateful if you guys reviewed this first chapter, just to let me know what you thought of it. I nervously glanced up at the old and tall redbrick building that stood in front of me. He waved a hand at me and continued searching for whatever it was he was searching for. I'd only moved here two weeks ago, I had been previously living with my dad on the East coast. That's what he was looking for. My question went unanswered however when Toby's phone rung and he held up a finger to silence me. He was tall and very lean, he seemed to be supporting the figure that would suggest he needed to be feed straight away. My jaw dropped as I watched him walk towards me so, naturally I followed him with my eyes. He shoved it in his pocket and we made our way towards the main building. Katie didn't reply, instead she went bright red and turned away. I asked in disbelief. I said glancing down at my feet. Toby opened his mouth to say something but instead was interrupted by the ringing of his cell phone. I automatically bit my lip. If I had been looking at where we were going and not so involved in the conversation I would have realised that not only were we at the office but also there was another person standing about an inch in front of me. Well sorry for being naïve. She smiled back and waved. I glanced up in curiosity when I heard the door open. I asked hoping to hear his voice again. He looked down on me with a look of disdain. Full Summary: Felicia and Brody have been next-door neighbors for a long time. So. I slipped my shirt over my head and cast it aside, avoiding the eyes that were inevitably watching me. See, the boy next door—Brody Hansen—and I, well, we had a system: I didn't like him and he didn't like me, but we both liked watching the other dress and undress. In my bra and underwear, I leaned over to shut my blinds. I put on the rest of my pajamas and shut off the light. You see, I'd lived in that house my whole life. Mrs. Hansen: (laughing) She's precious. You understand? Then I'd be holed up in my room, bored, while Brody drank. The first time Felicia McAdams changed in front of me was when we were in tenth grade. Calm down, her back was facing me. I tried to avert my eyes, but something about her—maybe the fact that she was half-naked—rendered me completely motionless. Whoa, I'd thought. She turned back to me after rummaging in her closet and held up two identical hooded shirts—one green, one blue. Green, I mouthed back immediately. While Felicia pulled her shirt on, I took the opportunity to collect myself. She'd opened her window then, and gestured for me to do the same. Two years later, and I still hadn't seen that girl completely naked. Yes, she was a virgin. I mean, if they broke up, there must have been a reason, mustn't there? I wished I could have a relationship like that. Anyway, I swear Nick was going to be a psycho-analyst when he grew up—which must've been in less than a month. I never missed my dad. Felicia never understood that. Felicia was a virgin then. I sighed, setting down my worn-and-torn copy of The Prisoner of Azkaban, shutting my own blinds and turning off the light. A/N: So, what do you think? after the angst-ville of marls last story, my sister demanded 'bring back teh funny! I once asked him why if he was a vamp, he didn't just heal people. I blamed it on my heritage. I said with a laugh, shaking the rain out of my hair and letting it return to its natural colour, a greyish brown tipped in black. Jess squealed her little four door couple into the street, ignoring the angry honks that it resulted it. We exited the car. He laughed, a harsh sound. I murmured to Jess. The four remaining vamps took one look at each other and rushed Jess all at once. Contrary to popular belief, a stake to the chest a dead vampire did not make. One can, however, keep a vamp in a state of semi-death by stopping the heart, using a stake, bullet, soup spoon, etc. I said to Jess calmly. I leaned down, wiping my nose on my sleeve, and looked the whimpering one in the eye, giving her mind a push into falling asleep like I had been taught by my aunt. Mar and I exchanged glances. Calc noted. Jess made a face at his back before stooping to the ground and grabbing a sizable pebble, lobbing it at him. We climbed into Jess' car and drove to the restaurant. Mar and Jess gave me a look. I wavered. Now the changes I'm making aren't so drastic that it would require a completely new story and title, however it WILL mean the story for the next few weeks/months will have some missing paragraphs with Author's Notes in their place explaining the gaps. This would explain why I was born with the inability to act like a normal person. I can't help but speak what I think, and I act, way before I even think to think. How I got myself into this situation is simple. However that's beside the point, the point is they look ready to kill. But four? So maybe I was outnumbered and the odds were set against me, but a wise man once said- think brain! I glanced back and a smidgen of fear was replaced by irritation. They ranged from tall to taller (save for the weedy short one) and were all very testocerone-y, I suppose. When would the staring match end? I audibly cleared my throat, all sorts of thoughts running through my scattered brain. The pretty eyed guy growled, no I'm not joking, he actually growled. Well, that's one way of putting it. He snapped. The blond guy, whom I was originally aiming at, said light-heartedly. Jay replied, look I'm on a first name basis with the guy who's going to kill me! Weedy guy piped up, he was the shorter of the four, with beady eyes and a somewhat slimy demeanour. Jess's sultry voice cut through, oh now you decide to help me, however I may have thought too soon, because Jess wasn't finished. The blond, Pete, asked smoothly. However as much as I wanted to get Jess back, what I really wanted was to get to school. Besides, anywhere that wasn't here, in front of my 'would be murderer' was where I wanted to be. I said solemnly. Burr spoke suddenly, causing me to jump slightly, like a cat on crack. I exclaimed, taking the offered food. I hadn't noticed that Jay and Danny had both gotten back into Jay's car, I could feel their gazes on me. As Burr turned away, I walked towards a flirting Jess and Pete. Well, actually, that was a lie. It was a lazy summer afternoon. Once in the bookstore, I headed straight for the teen section. I had just pulled a book off of the shelf to read its summary when another, younger girl came and stood right next to me. So you caught me. What? I'll bet she read Odyssey, I thought bitterly as the twelve-year-old plucked a book off the shelf and eagerly read the back cover, seemingly oblivious to the five-foot-eight giant standing next to her. Then again, I guess you couldn't expect much better from a loser seventeen-year-old who was, on a beautiful summer afternoon with no school in sight, holed up in a bookstore hunting for the latest teen romances. The twelve-year-old sighed, bringing me back down to reality. I slowed down as I neared the classics sections. A short blonde girl, approximately my age, with her hair pulled up into a high bun crossed right in front of my path. Some date, I mused, though I really could not be one to talk. she went on, scowling at the selection of the classics that the book store offered. She snatched the book from her boyfriend's hand without so much of a thank-you and stomped off importantly down another aisle of the bookstore. Goodness. I spun around, fully intending to make my way to the front of the book store, when I crashed smack dab into a fake, cardboard shelf type thing holding many of the classics. Nevertheless, this was kind of embarrassing. Wes muttered under his breath, hopefully because he actually respected the environment he was in. It only occurred to me right then that I was still sprawled out on the floor. Up close, I got a good look at Wes, who was, I couldn't deny, rather attractive. Wes commented, obviously amused. Am I suggesting that I'm somewhat mental, you ask? My cheeks turned scarlet again. I suggested. Whoa. Oh. Yeah. He stood up, and I stood up next to him. I replied woozily. Now that we were both standing, I realized how tall he was, which was a huge turn on for me. I just stopped listening as her voice drifted farther and farther away. With a sigh, I made my way to the front of the bookstore to pay for my books. So I bought my caramel frappuccino and sat down at a small table, pulling a book out of my bag and opening it to the first page. By the time I got to the fourth chapter, I had already begun to receive suspicious looks. After one month, two weeks, and one day of waiting, I've finally posted my newest story (this, obviously). He was the boy I've known since first grade. Okay, let's get one thing perfectly straight: I was pretty sure my ex-boyfriend's new girlfriend was a life-force-sucking demon. As soon as he began dating her (or, more accurately, as soon as he attached himself permanently to her lips), he became a shell of the guy he used to be. I hadn't seen it coming. That different opinion apparently came to him in the form of Jefferson Elliot High's newest tartlet, Amber-Lynn Rose Spencer. So when he dropped the bomb on me out of the blue with no real explanation, all I could do was sit and stare at him cross-eyed. Of course, I knew that. Jeffrey, being a 17-year-old male with better things to do with his time, had no intention of delving deep into any sort of explanation, so I never got one. I couldn't help but let out a huge sigh of relief. At hearing Trish's comment, they pulled apart just enough to allow dust particles to pass between them. Jase was Trish's older brother, a senior who was only about a year older than both Trish and myself. she said, dragging out the sentence. I frowned as I tugged protectively at my plaid print button up shirt. I said as we began to walk down the hallway. I shook my head no as my brain was screaming YES! I couldn't help but cringe at her words. Courtney laughed, bumping her hips against me (her best friend . This story is about Zabriana Mitchell, a goody goody. So in this chapter, you're introduced to Zabz, her mom, her sister and the guy! So why was I standing in the Principal's office in my new school, nose to nose with a guy I didn't even know, yelling at him? Let me start at the very beginning. Mimi scowled. she snapped, holding her hand out to Mimi. I mean, I'm 16 years old. she said fiercely. I'm used to mom not really paying any attention to me, these days she has her hands full with trying to control Mimi (lost cause) and her promotion at work, which is the main reason we moved from Santa Monica to Glendale. I had just rolled my eyes and laughed, not stating the obvious, that even if I did like any of those guys, there was no way they would like me. I groaned. He stood there, tapping his feet as he waited for me to pick up the skateboard and head down the hall. I found the principal's office easily and I sidled into the outer office, trying to be as unnoticeable as possible. The outer office was empty apart from the principal's secretary and a guy who was sitting in a chair, staring at his hands. she said in a friendly voice, gesturing at a chair. I couldn't believe this. I said fiercely, glaring at him. I groaned, putting my head into my hands. The guy stood up too. I said sardonically. I spat. I exclaimed. I said loftily and stepped into the principal's office. PrologueDeath. As I stared death straight in the face, I couldn't help but think of all the stupid things I'd done. I gasped in pain as the knife plunged into my right side. Several people screamed. Suddenly, everything was collapsing. I cried out as something pressed into my bleeding side. In the darkness of the night, I couldn't see the man's face. Summary: SLASH. My older brother was bringing his boss over for dinner. I guess the real reason I despised his boss was because he took my brother away from me. My father passed in front of the television as he adjusted his tie. His brown gaze met my green. Through lowered lashes, I watched him walk away, taking his tall, dark and handsome looks with him. My grandfather and grandmother moved to America from Italy. Nonetheless, I wouldn't have to dwell long about being an outcast to my family. Turning my attention back to the television, I switched on King of the Hill. In the kitchen, I heard my mother finish off her lemon bars. My fingers tugged irritably at my dress shirt and ironed trousers. my mother called in a sing-song voice. In my imagination, Mr. Romano was an old guy with balding hair and a big belly hanging over his pants. Lucian Romano had just finished shaking my father's hand. I coldly returned the stare Romano was giving me. I looked at the fingers frigidly. My mother bustled out of the room, her brown eyes glancing once at me. I stood there awkwardly, glancing at my older brother. Nick grinned, stepping forward. Nick gave another dark chuckle. With a rough hand, he messed up my hair, gripping my thin shoulder and pulling me toward the study. It was dinner time. Earlier, when my parents were toasting a glass of wine with Nick's boss, I had escaped up to my room to watch the rest of King of the Hill. Withholding an eye roll, I nodded dubiously. As the minutes rolled by, I was getting more annoyed that my parents insisted on calling Nick's boss 'Mr. Romano' instead of his first name. I remained impassive, more amused than angry. I had wild dreams of running away and never returning. The soft, musical, voice startled me out of my hazy daydream. Romano interrupted silkily, his dark eyes narrowing slightly on my mother. I tore my eyes away from him, giving a shy glance to my stern and expecting father. I clenched my jaw hard. I remained silent, wondering where the hell that description had come from and why my family was so tense. My cheeks flushed without my permission. Nick clutched the steering wheel, glancing in the rearview mirror at his boss. Nick hesitated as he frowned at the road. Lucian Romano wasn't a typical son to the Boss. Unsurprisingly, Lucian preferred dark-haired and dark-eyed men. Afton becoming lovers with Lucian wasn't the only thing Nick was frightened of. And the head Boss wanted Lucian to make a decision on a significant other, and that deadline was coming to a quick close. Lucian's words didn't sit well with him. Tony. He grinned, running a hand through his fake beach-blond hair. I suggested slyly, bending down to touch my toes and clutching the rim of my shoes. Releasing my shoes, I stood up just in time as Burns, my sprinting coach, pulled me away from Tony. 49. Adjusting my feet in the blocks, I positioned my fingers on the track. But the gun shot a second time, signaling a false start. The distractions were pushed to the back of my mind as I pressed my fingers into the track once more. Already, I passed the runner in lane three, inching closer to the curve. When I was running, my father and mother's expectations were nonexistent, as well as their disappointments. My coach prowled over with a stopwatch clutched tightly in his fist. Before I could make my way over to the infield where Tony stood, I suddenly remembered the presence of Nick and Romano. I approached my brother, immediately spying his grim face. Nick faltered, his eyes dark. Nick glanced pointedly at his boss as if he was trying to tell me to be respectful. Unfortunately, I hadto look at the man. Romano continued easily, as if this conversation wasn't as awkward as it really was. I gritted out. I licked my lips, unable to look away from the onyx stare. There was something going on and I didn't understand whatit was. Romano's fingers were still clutching my chin. From across the field, Coach Burns called me over, or more like screamed for me to hurry my ass over. When Amy answers an ad to baby-sit a boy, little does she suspect that he's her age! Since losing his father and being blinded in a horse show-jumping competition, Tristan spends his days in the dark, refusing to accept his disability. Hello and thank you to all of you wonderful readers who have loved His Eyes since I first wrote the story, over two years ago. slowly. Once the first month of sophomore year had passed, I had already established a routine. Girls, as a rule, did not deign to reply. He had just stretched out his legs, nearly tripping up a brunette wearing a miniskirt and a tight white shirt, showing off tan, shapely legs and decent cleavage. He shrugged in reply, lolling his head towards the door, where a group of kids were entering. I narrowed my eyes, sweeping my gaze from her head down as she drew closer. She had a pale face, her features sort of…delicate? She was wearing a dark blue, fitted t-shirt that showed off virtually nothing but thin, pale arms. Brown Converse High-Tops, with the laces undone from the top metal hole. She clicked her tongue, not even looking up from her book as she easily navigated herself around Laser's outstretched legs. I didn't object to the name. Laser said. I stated. I shook my head, still looking at her. Approximately twenty minutes later, I discovered something I hadn't noticed earlier: Piper Nolan was in my English class. It was sort of true, I guess, that I acted like more of an idiot than I am. I walked in about four seconds before the bell, which made the teacher glare at me. He ignored me, walking around the room and touching each desk as he rattled off names. I looked around, surprised as I confirmed that indeed, she was there, and I had somehow overlooked her. I rested my hands on her desk and stared down at her, waiting until she would be forced to look up. I knew what he was thinking. At that moment, the teacher began to ramble about something. I lost interest then, trying to keep my eyes from glazing over. Finally, Piper calmly sat back down amidst light applause while Jack slouched to his seat, scowling. Piper was in my Pre-AP Biology and Pre-Calculus classes, as well as study hall. Studying her more closely, I began to find more redeeming qualities. Disappointingly, Piper was also sweet, and not that catty, fake sweet common to a lot of teenage girls. Overall, that bothered me. I hadn't attempted to get her attention during any of the two classes we had after English, and lunch was right after math. I said, trying to sound charming, giving her a little smirk. Doubtful, I thought. I choked on air. Piper made a tsk sound and locked her eyes onto mine. She clenched her jaw, slamming her book shut and shoving it into her messenger bag, which she then hooked over her shoulder. That girl must have had an amazing sense of timing, because the bell rang right as she finished her speech. I skived off for the rest of my classes with Laser. Laser replied, sounding pleased with himself for his show of wisdom. I said, climbing out of the old Cadillac and kicking him on the way. In English the next morning, Piper still wouldn't look up at me. What with all the sleep-deprivation, I had forgotten to wait until the bell had almost rung before coming to class, so when the teacher came in with a minute left until the late bell, he looked at me suspiciously. the teacher exclaimed from behind his desk. he paused, squinting at the paper, before falteringly continuing,  There was a low wave of murmuring, but Piper didn't show any reaction to the announcement. The rest of the class was partnered up without incident, and then the project was explained to us. I said to her, trying to stare her down. Piper said shortly, glaring slightly. she said, writing on a scrap of paper and handing it to me. He was smarter than he liked to come across as. He made a bet. Life hated me. Because it wasn't my fault, that's why. My mind drifted to events occurring yesterday, Fateful Friday as I now alliterated. I was not one to lie when it comes to excusing myself to the bathroom. But as I gulped down some air, I noticed the acrid smell of smoke suffocating the bathroom. Just as I had the brilliant idea to pour water over the fire, a girl I had never seen in my life walked in. I opened my mouth to explain—I had simply found the match on the floor—but no words came out. she asked, pushing thick rimmed glasses up her nose. A few coughs and many paper towels later, the fire was out. I felt like a witness in a court, with Ms. Waters as the lawyer. And so on. Sure, it was nice that I didn't have to endure either expulsion or suspension, but that's not to say I wasn't angry. So that was why I sat in this chair in this boring classroom in my uniform at 8:06 in the morning, missing out on my best friend's only sixteenth birthday party she would ever have in her life. Our school requires a student to have obtained sixty hours of community service by the time he/she graduates. My pen was poised over the paper, my hand ready to write the words that my brain wouldn't provide. And all of a sudden—inspiration! He certainly made an entrance. The newcomer was either oblivious to the somberness of detention or simply did not care. I looked up at the clock hanging on the classroom wall. With a smile, McFadden winked and grabbed a heap of papers. Now that my distraction was gone, I could concentrate again. I was mere inches away from my next inspiration when something light hit me on the side of the head. Rolling my eyes, I re-crumpled the paper and pushed it to the corner of my desk. While he silently broke down laughing, I fumed. Nice aim, the paper said. Shut up, I wrote back. I bet you do. McFadden glanced up at me with a devious smirk and shook his head. Community service is good. McFadden pretended to look severely offended when he read my note. With a loud sigh, I settled back in my chair. The last person I checked on was McFadden. Someone was prodding my arm. I opened my eyes. Suddenly, the eyes backed up. I surveyed the room. I corrected, glancing down at my watch. No. Mr. Cleveland shrugged and hastened out the door. I bristled. He raised his eyebrows. I wasn't sure whether to take his words as a compliment. This was an interesting conversation to be having with a stranger. I shook my head in amazement and pushed open the doors to outside. So he could drive. I squeezed his hand tighter, trying to squeeze it to pieces. I asked confused. Timid? He chuckled. I sighed in exasperation. I pursed my lips and turned my moody glare to the street. Where the heck was my mom? A car pulled into the front of the school, stopping in front of me. I turned around, sparing one last glance at McFadden. Hi everyone. It was my friend's fault that I was here. I shot at him snarkily. There was a degrading sneer in his voice that I clearly heard when he said his brother's name. I walked over to the bed and flopped myself onto it, heaving a sigh. I murmured, reaching up to yank out my messy pony tail, shaking my auburn hair around so that it was down past my shoulders. I replied, tugging at the uncomfortable hem of my skirt. I concluded. I looked at him over my shoulder, startled. I snapped, frustrated again. I had always been…drawn…to this boy that I was now locked in a room with. But it wasn't just that either. he said lowly, and I didn't know if he was talking to me or just himself. How could girls pick his brother over this creature of beauty, I wondered? I managed to shake myself and murmur,  before fleeing into the bathroom and slamming the door shut behind me. That thought nearly stopped me in my tracks, and I had to shake myself for thinking it. he said when he heard me walk out, not bothering to look up. I cut him off with a wave of my hand. I rolled my eyes. but we never did anything, which was why Greg, my boyfriend of three months, had broken up with me a few weeks ago. My eyes went wide and I turned my head a little away from him. he drawled slowly, and his hands pushed away the covers, exposing himself to me. I bit my lip as I found my eyes wandering over his exposed body, the blush deepening further across my cheeks. I dipped my head in agreement, and picked one on his ribs. he said, his thumbs coming up to the hemline of his boxers. Jerking back to reality, I moved on to the next scar. he said, his voice low and soft, tinged with regret. I sucked in breath through my teeth. he said. I looked down at him to see him looking up at me, waiting for my reaction. He held my gaze for a moment and I could see the internal debate in his eyes on what to tell me. I narrowed my eyes at him momentarily, but I could tell he meant it as a joke, that he expected me to swat at him or yell at him. After a moment, I pulled away, returning to where I had been before. Tucker rolled his eyes. I had to lick my lips before I could force the words out. he said, and before I could say anything else, his lips pressed against mine, soft and hard at the same time, warm and moist and gentle. Tilting my head up, my eyes met Tucker's, and my eyebrows knitted in confusion. His eyes penetrated into mine, searching for something. I recognized the voice instantly and was out of the bed in a flash, clambering over Tucker and racing for the door. By the time I had thoroughly chewed Michelle out, gotten the Polaroid picture from her hands, and realized what I was wearing enough to be embarrassed and run back upstairs, Tucker was gone. I don't know how exactly I managed to ring the doorbell, but somehow I had. Tristan drawled, giving me a once over and smiling his trademark smile that made every girl's heart flutter. He looked down at the shirt, then up at me. I threw my hands up in the air in exasperation. I blinked, looking at him before looking away again. Finally, he pulled away, resting his forehead against mine as we both struggled to consume oxygen. My hands played with his hair for a moment and I felt him smile against my lips. he said, grinning sheepishly, backing away and lowering me to the ground by my hips. He held out his hand, and I let mine slip into it. It didn't matter what the school was going to say, what our families were going to say, what our friends were going to think. Hopefully you'll hear some more for me soon. Sleeping with the Enemy may not be distributed in any way, including posting to FictionPress and all other websites without Penelope P.'s written permission. I was falling asleep; that's how bored I was. Okay, I sounded like a bitch. An all to familiar voice sneered. Cole is his name. Rich people do stupid things. So far their little agreement has gotten nowhere. So there we were. I was so not fat. Of course I carried all my bags to his car alone. I climbed into the passenger's seat and buckled myself in. We never really spent time alone together. Here's a brief history of Lydia Mercer. We were silent again. The Mercer mansion stood on top of a hill. Cole stopped outside of the large gate and pushed in the password on a little keypad. The how ever old she was-something year old woman looked like she was thirty. Lydia grabbed my shoulders. Lydia passed me off to Corinne who by definition was a hippie. She mumbled her hellos in French. Lydia wrapped her arm around my shoulders and led me into the house. I stared blankly at her, thinking maybe she said something completely different. From above I heard a disturbing loud bang, then hurried footsteps. His eyes were wide and filled with confusion. I couldn't speak, apparently neither could he. Once he was gone Lydia turned to me. She gave me a gentle push. Lydia locked my room from the outside. Already humiliated I knocked on the door. He gave me the look. I could see why he freaked out. The bed was covered in rose petals. That was the most embarrassing thing that anyone has ever done to me. I was in the middle of picking petals off the carpet when Cole let out a loud yell. The large Jacuzzi was filled with soapy water and… you guessed it, more petals! I sighed and helped him dispose of the loofahs. The Contract is now be posted at The Write Away on LiveJournal. And yes, I have decided to include The Contract in the rewrites. I am still trying to publish. PS: If you e-mailed me asking me to update you on my status, those should be around . Even though I was currently surrounded by swarms of students at the moment, who were bustling with life and chatter, I was utterly alone. The closest person I came to loving was my little brother, Anthony, who was more commonly called Tony. A loud laugh made me snap out of my thoughts. Actually, he was the best friend of the only boy I hated in the whole school. Speak of the devil, I thought darkly when I saw Matt Will, the boy I hated with such passion I wanted to smack him across the face with my thick binder until I broke his nose. He shoved past a group of juniors, his large, broad shoulders causing one of the boys in the group to stumble back a little when he brushed by him. Matt sneered, shoving his hands in his pockets and grinning lopsidedly at me. Tommy Wakechuck appeared out of no where beside Matt. I hissed and ripped my arm away from him. A series of questions had been fired. I scowled, looking up at him coldly, although I was sure he could detect some anxiety in my features. Matt just smiled, then kicked my binder down the hall. I pleaded, but he ignored me as he placed the binder on his knee and opened the rings. I watched helplessly as Matt tore the remaining papers out of my binder, then tossed it aside and began stepping on the papers. I briskly walked down the hall, shoving various people out of my way and earning myself a few flip offs, until I reached the exit doors. As I headed out of the schoolyard, I did not think about how much trouble I would be in if I was caught skipping—instead, I thought about how sick I was of Matt. I had homework in that binder; I had a ten-page essay in that binder. However, before I knew it, they had been released. I thought about Matt's body being pierced by hundreds of knives and then being covered in salt. Amanda Marshall, my best friend. Unlike Amanda's long, blonde, wavy hair, I had a cinnamon color of hair. Hastily, I began wiping tears from my face. The scene was desolate. I said distractedly as I walked past him and into the kitchen. I said stiffly, then walked out of the room. I eventually reached the school; the hell hole; the building which tore me into pieces every day and spat me back out when it was finished with me. I never swore. I headed inside the school, immediately being met with students chatting animatedly to each other. Amanda squeaked, then grabbed me in her hold as a hug. she asked me, biting the corner of her lip nervously. I said awkwardly, although I really didn't think he'd notice her unless she ran down the school hallways, naked, singing at the top of her lungs. Amanda suddenly grabbed my shoulder in excitement, making me start. I nodded. she said. Honestly. Hello! I have been inspired. It's Monday afternoon, and I'm eating lunch with my friend, Ruth. Hal is quite a popular guy. It's because his father is the third richest man in the world, and because he got voted People Magazine's hottest bachelor under 25 two years in a row, and because last year his daddy paid for him to star in a movie opposite Will Smith. So, despite, or maybe because of, his popularity, Hal is an idiot. Speaking of science class, this happens right after lunch. I sigh, sitting down beside him. Why, why does Hal sit directly across from me? Cruel fates have also placed me a mere two seats down from James. The irony? The fates really are cruel to me. Because Hal sits across from me, he shares lab supplies with Chad and me. I still ignore him. I blush and smile. I ride the bus home after school, as usual. My mom is a professional house keep and party planner. Yes, Monroe. Again, proof that the fates hate me. This is one area where the fates have been so good to me. I howl. Unlike Ruth, who was born knowing all the gossip in the world, Lily knows things by reading websites. Lily and I are a lot alike. Ruth, on the other hand, is one of those budding socialites. The best part about Ruth is that she totally doesn't mind. I love them, my friends. Tuesdays are blessed days. Chemistry is torture, there's no way around it. Today we are supposed to analyze the data from yesterday's lab. I am often surprised by how much crap I take from Chad. I finally just hand the calculator to Chad and tell him to do it. I wonder what it would be like if James were my partner. He just walks away. Well? right. Author's Note: That's right. The summer wind blew lazily into my bedroom late one July night. As one in the morning rolled around, I looked at the open window briefly, anxiety filling my stomach. It seemed that tonight I was off the hook. I'd been asleep for what felt like minutes and had begun dreaming about Hugh Laurie coming over for dinner when I heard a scraping outside of my window. No. My heart sank to my toes and back up as if it were on some twisted carnival ride. Last summer, I never would have done this. A horribly obnoxious pounding coming from right outside my window woke me up. Following the end of my junior year of college, I'd stayed behind for a few extra weeks to tie up some loose ends and make some extra cash helping my advisor with some filing in her office. Another bang sounded, this one even closer to my window. When it came to Rich and Seth, it just didn't matter if others had only had minutes or seconds of sleep. It was still in my room and for a minute, I hoped that they would finally take pity on me and just leave me alone, but no. I screamed, trying to yank my top down over my red boy shorts to no avail. After covering his eyes in horror, my brother bent over and felt around until he came up with a sheet and tossed it in my direction. Rich apparently didn't need to be told a third time as he flew out of my room. Three years separate my brother and me in age. Seth had been Rich's best friend since the two had met in middle school. All this time, I'd been the perfect tagalong little sister. So it was really no surprise when I entered high school and began to look at Seth as a boy and not Rich's best friend. Or so I thought. After a three hour meeting with my boss which consisted mostly of paperwork, I returned home, exhausted and in need of a long nap. Of course, I knew that I wouldn't be so lucky as to have the house to myself so that I could catch up on my sleep. Painting my house without his shirt on was Seth…and after not seeing him for months, the picture was a sight for very sore eyes. Rich nodded in my direction and Seth gave me the same smirk that he'd given me that morning. I shrugged. Seth said, yet again looking at me from head to toe. Shaking my head, I turned around to walk away, not wanting him to catch on to how affected I was by his strange looks and comments. Seth whispered, taking hold of my shoulders. Too lost in my thinking, I didn't even realize that he'd pushed me up against the house. Sighing deeply, I shut my eyes and tried to focus on breathing and not his presence surrounding me. he whispered. I tried to disobey, but my eyes didn't listen. Seth. This was the Seth who had always seemed so indifferent towards me in a romantic way. The back door of the house slammed shut and just like that it was over. I nodded stupidly, looking from Rich to Seth and back to Rich again. THIS STORY HAS BEEN REMOVED. Taliana Avilla threw a look of annoyance to the makeshift umpire behind home plate as she strode towards the batters box. In actuality, Talia could understand why they called her Stick Girl; it was really the only way to describe her appearance. This time a frown came to her thin, pale lips. Talia pressed her lips together tightly and approached the plate a moment later, picking up the bat that was laying by her feet. The only problem now was that she wasn't surrounded by her normal female teammates. But Talia was different, of course. Taliana watched as the pitcher smirked at her, silently taunting her like he always did. The catcher gave her a sympathetic glance as he tossed the ball back to Michael and then returned to squatting behind home plate. The catcher let out a soft sigh and threw the ball back to Michael, who was once again grinning. Talia turned her attention back to Michael, glaring this time, and waiting for the next horrible pitch to come. Sebastian narrowed his eyes at her. A collective murmur of 'yes' could be heard from all sides. she cried out, a deep frown spreading over her face now. In an instant Talia was seeing red. The sounds of stunned gasps came from the near by bleachers where the other girls had come to watch the game, their eyes wide with astonishment. The gasps from the on looking students were louder this time. If Taliana had been like the other girls she went to school with, she would have continued to sit on the ground and cry her little heart out. The sound of bone crunching and a loud scream alerted her that she had come into contact with someone, and that it had been the someone she had been aiming for. However, that didn't last long. The sight brought a full out grin to her lips this time, and this memory would probably do so for years to come. about eight seconds. dead is just coincidental. sounds wrong. with milk in it. something. schizophrenic"? "Excuse me? like naked. "No. in one go. Trent used to do but I quickly pushed that thought away. My Mum let out an audible gasp, her small hand flying up to clamp across her open mouth. Snorting, I turned my head and gave a hearty eye roll towards the life-sized, glowering statue of the goddess Kali that dominated a small shrine to my left. This was proclaimed by my mother dearest in hushed tones of great disbelief. Kaala Maa – Hindi for 'black Mum' cast her pale, beady eyes my way. Hundreds of people from all over the state came to visit Kaala Maa on a weekly basis, begging to hear their fortune and forking over thousands of hard-earned rupees. Her heavily kholed eyes fell shut. Mum ignored me. Kaala Maa shouted, her head coming to an abrupt stop. I raised an eyebrow. Kaala Maa cracked open an eye. Kaala Maa shuddered theatrically and her hand scrabbled into a little stainless steel dish of salt. Bamboo stick? Oh I heard, alright. Ahahahah, looks like our favourite math-loving tattoo artist is going to soon have his hands full! It had been raining throughout the night, and I could see that the grass had already turned greener, reacting to the rain. I spotted dad in the training circle, trotting a filly around using a lunging rein. Don't get me wrong, I didn't mind at all. I headed back into the house to put on jeans and grab a cap before making my way to my horse, Gypsy's, paddock. After saddling her up I whistled for the two Kelpies, Jip and Pete. The Back Paddock was, naturally, at the very back of the property. On the bright side, they were better than sheep. Kneeling next to the river, I splashed water on my face, groaning in pleasure as the cool water hit my heated face. Fear rushed through me as instinct kicked in – I screamed and jumped away, falling into the river. Standing in front of me was a man. He also couldn't be one of the neighbours, because I would recognise him. I screeched, my mind reeling from shock. He did nothing but hold out a hand to me, and I could see his weird eyes dancing with amusement. Right. That would explain a lot, like the uptight attitude, lack of an accent, and not understanding anything. My eyes instantly narrowed, and I felt anger and frustration building up inside me. He held his hand out, palm upturned. Cupped in his hand was what looked like a globe of fire. I thought long and hard. I pronounced proudly. A/N: (23/06/2012) So I've starting editing this to make it read a lot better. Dapple grey: a colour of horse, usually white and grey with black legs. Both worlds, Leninus and Earth, have progressed a lot, though not in the same way. DELICIOUS:A Bodacious Tale of Seduction Through Baked GoodsFranz was handing out brownies in Biology class. an anorexic blonde murmured, and Franz moved on to the next person without even looking at them. He carefully picked out the two biggest pieces and jammed one into his mouth, closing his eyes, and an expression of intense pleasure came over his face. The next day, Franz brought in a bag of three cookies, and sat by herself in the hallway, listening to her mp3 player and not waiting for him to show up at all. Once again, his eyes drifted closed, and he hummed deep in his throat. Franz started to turn red again. Franz could picture it now. He beamed. Somewhat dubiously, Jake took the bar and examined it, then shrugged and popped it in his mouth. they chorused, diving in. Ferdinand said, glaring. After smiling back, he popped the piece of pie into his mouth and chewed. All the guys at the table hooted. Hi all… just to let you know. Mrs Matthews opened her mouth to respond but thought better of it and let it go with a sigh. Typical Type A personality: Aggressive. It was obvious there was no real love lost between the two. When Mrs Matthews so easily checked off the list of transgressions, it made Madison sound like some kind of deviant. She paused and wondered if that was insulting. As her counsellor's eyebrows lowered back into its customary frown, she thought she must've hit a sore spot. Mrs Matthews made a sound of disappointment. Madison's brow crinkled in disapproval. Then she couldn't help but let out a chuckle. That goddamn turncoat, Madison thought angrily. Her requirements were halted by the shrill tone of the warning bell. It wouldn't be the first time that Caine Jeffries walked into a new school. He didn't mean to sound like an egotistical player, but he couldn't help what he was. In the four-and-a-bit years he'd been sexually active, he'd racked up a notorious lot of notches on his bedposts. So, he'd been expelled from the school and eventually exported from the country to give it one last shot in another. It would have been decent of him to ignore the twins. Girls just weren't holding out anymore. Of course, even the girlfriend's soon lost their appeal when the tears of guilt began rolling. He blamed it on his looks. He had no need to plan the future. If he got wasted and crashed his car, his father would pay off the cops. Looking at the bevy of beautiful girls laid out before him on the school steps, in their short tartan skirts, white body-hugging shirts and blue and green striped ties, he thought perhaps he just might not have a choice. Farewell good intentions. He had the looks. Quite frankly, the kid concerned him. He owned the school. They were both blonde, his hair darker than hers, though both perfectly styled. They'd been together for four years, though he said 'together' very loosely. Their arrangement was a thing of beauty. Which was one of the reasons the new boy worried him. Blake had watched astounded as his girlfriend danced around the newbie like a bitch in heat. So, he would have to keep an eye on him. on! Two. counted in her head. Stop! This is an old, old, old, old story and, against my better judgement, I will not be taking it down. Title: Sitting, Wishing, WaitingAuthor: VaudevilleRating: M; due to language and Adult SituationsDate Started: August 27th, 2008Summary: He's a millionaire playboy. Boyd pouted, knowing she probably wouldn't get her way. Boyd realized she really had no idea where they were actually going as the black Porsche sped down the highway. Boyd couldn't afford a car and Deacon liked to get piss drunk at parties, so he usually convinced Boyd to drive him in his car. He put his arm around her shoulders and she leaned her head against his. Boyd could hear her cell phone going off and she really didn't want to answer it but it just kept ringing. Deacon's voice was hoarse and quiet. Her response was met with a dial tone. With this done, Boyd sat on the bed waiting for her best friend to climb through her window. Deacon never did end up climbing through her window. She answered in the affirmative before hanging up and pulling a warm hoodie over her head. Deacon didn't answer. Inspiration Peak was exactly was exactly what the name implied. Boyd didn't know what to say. This morning, Boyd had woken up to a letter on her table. Deacon was silent for a moment, thinking carefully about his answer. Once again, Boyd found herself not able to respond. She finally was able to drag her eyes away from the rising sun and toward her best friend's face. He found himself leaning toward her and in one slow but smooth movement, his lips meeting hers. Soon enough, they had to pull apart for need of air. And so, the time has come. I'm not sure how quickly I'll be able to get these chapters back up as I'm in the midst of two other stories and I've started my second year of university. A huge thank you to all those who added me to alerts (story &amp; author), those who favourited (again, story &amp; author), and those who reviewed. And, I've been using my livejournal a lot more, so if you guys are interested in the progress of anything or the extra information on any of my stories, you could check that out. Thanks for all the support guys! A/N: No, I haven't died! After school in the library, they were working side by side on their math homework. In math class, they were sitting next to each other waiting for the teacher to arrive. He stared at her for a moment before smiling and sliding his own hand in the back pocket of the shorts she was wearing. They stood in silence for a few moments. she murmured in a sultry voice, watching him through her lashes. They decided to see a movie together. While they waited in line, he snaked an arm around her waist and pulled her tightly into his side. Her breasts were pressing against him—he could feel them. They sat in their seats in the theater, waiting for the previews to start. The movie had started. No, they do not enquire and I do not tell. Am I living in the 18th century? The question disturbed me. The narrow hallway boomed with his easy laughter as we headed for Malcolm's apartment at its end. I was about to launch onto a discussion on guys having a shitty sense of humor when I heard Malcolm call out to someone and the unmistakable slap of a high five. Instinct, borne out of years of experience, screamed at me that he was here - the obnoxious brute who lived and breathed to see me suffer. We entered the apartment, with me on the lead. Cute. Or it could just be his money. He raised his head and stared at me a second more than necessary. Brent was primarily just a classmate of Malcolm's but over time, he grew to be one of his closest friends; a bond that caused me to boycott several parties and functions just because I knew Brent would be there. I didn't trust his wolfish grin. It still boggled me that they got along. I grew furious with each passing second. I inspected it with mild envy since I didn't own a plasma. Why are you still hanging around them? They don't want me to. It wasn't the first time I've been with the couple of eight months. To make matters worse, I think they forget that I was with them. Malcolm suddenly emerged from his room and erased all other thoughts from my head. I glanced at Brent and, to my irritation, he was looking at me with one eyebrow raised. I glared at him. Lori surreptitiously glanced at Brent before swinging her gaze back to me. Zipping up my white hoodie, I crossed the room as fast as my weathered Vans could take me. Okay, so I was luckier than most. That being the case, I fought tooth and nail to enroll in St. Louis University, a college too far from my San Francisco home, to gain independence. Oh, the distance issue still took up airspace whenever my parents called me. It was different in Malcolm's case - financially at least. Malcolm may be a bit obtuse (irritatingly so) and downright stubborn but nobody could question his unswerving dedication and sense of commitment when he set his mind on something. It was bad to say out loud but the fact that he wasn't loaded worked to his advantage. You could say that I was a bit of a walking contradiction. I fished for a cigarette in my pocket and lit it. I saw her around campus and in some of my classes because she was also a Psych major but we never really talked. I was aware that Lori attracted a lot of male attention but I completely forgot that she was exactly Malcolm's type. To her credit, she resisted Malcolm's advances at first out of respect for my feelings. Isn't there a universal law on not dating your friend's object of affection? God, I fucking hated vacations. Well, at least I'd be taking a few courses this summer. I wasn't paying attention to where I was going until I saw that my sneakers were already touching grass. I plopped down on a bench and took a last drag of my cigarette. I looked up at the all too familiar voice. I never learned. He flashed a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. He stopped short. He cocked his head in a way that was doubly irritating because I knew he was just surveying the effect of his words. My mouth fell open in surprise. Then I recalled that the senior class was already far too small for comfort, considering the droves that dropped out. Calm down. I cursed myself a moment later for my loss of restraint. His eyes became hooded. I got up and started to walk back to the flat. he asked softly. I blushed hotly. To my horror, I felt an answering reaction to his deepening kiss. We pulled away when a passerby whistled appreciatively. He rolled his eyes and shook his head, telling me without words that he was growing bored with the conversation. I turned to face him. I stared at him, contemplating if I should give him more ammo than I already did. I gaped at him, reduced to silence. Pounce on my best friend when things didn't work out with Lori? On second thought. Did I really want to risk our friendship for momentary bliss? My thoughts swerved to Brent. Disclaimer: No ownership/association with any of the italicized brands. There may be geographical errors when I describe Norwalk or certain places in it in the ensuing chapters. A/N This story is a completely random piece taken out of my mind, the Bob Marley calender in the corner of my eye, and the fact that I haven't smoked anything for three days. I've never known what a sweet caress is. I reply, eyes aching from tiredness as I push my head back into the pillow of the couch. I turn my head towards where my friends must be sitting, but the only proof of their presence is shadows and silhouettes of bodies, as the room fills with ever more smoke. My toes curl as I yawn, left hand stroking up and down Friday's back to relax him even more. I tell him, our friends voices floating in and out of my concentration. he replies, sliding his fingers into the palm of my hand. I correct him, lifting my hand from his back to rake gently through his glossy black curls. Maybe it is just knowing someone for as long as Friday and I have that makes you care so much about them, but I feel a strange fixation towards keeping him safe. In my thoughts I find myself lost with memories of his family. That I cannot get my head around. I feel him shift again on top of me, moving to tilt his head up so that he can look up at me. Harriet says, and I look towards her to see her rolling her hazel eyes, closer to us than I had realised before. And speaking of the Sinclair boy. I advised, giving up on my shoes and slipping them off. At the mention of 'us', I automatically stiffened. I looked at him incredulously, wondering what that was supposed to mean. A glint of evil joy entered their eyes and the one holding my shoes chucked them towards another of the boys. Two days would pass before she would see him next, sitting on top of the washing machine at the Laundromat, waiting for his clothes. She didn't know how he did it, but surely it wasn't all coincidence that when she would begin her trek to work, he would pull up next to her in his beat up little hatchback, and would escort her to her job. Before long, he began inviting himself over, whether it be for dinner or to see if her TV could also get free cable, if he hooked it up just right. At first, she had tried to evade him, thinking, 'Horny bastard, that pervert's just trying to get into my pants. He was like some stray dog that followed her home one day, except he lived down the hall and had a demeanor of an exuberant puppy. Her friends approved of him because they were full of romantic notions and chick flick movie endings and thought the 'guy down the hall' scenario was not cliched at all, despite the fact that she adamantly kept to the fact that they were just friends. She liked their 2 a. And she'd just shake her head,  And he'd grin, say that he also had insomnia, yawn, and start up that inane conversation about sheep and syphilis again. He would sometimes surprise her with things; things that he thought she would have a fancy for. Sometimes he would disappear for days, but to her it felt like forever. He'd get up with a grin, raid her fridge and settle on his side of the couch. She realized, during these many months, that she had no idea where he stood exactly in their relationship. Sometimes though, she'd get her hopes up whenever he became affectionate and would spontaneously grab her by her waist and pretend to push her into the fountain in front of the bank building. She could never bring herself to approach him, afraid that this was just a quirky friendship to him, and nothing more, and that by disturbing it could make things awkward. It was after one night of getting reacquainted with old friends and  as he had archaically named it, and both were still slightly tipsy and exhilarated, when he came into her apartment with her to get a glass of water. He looked at her then, holding her eyes as he smiled. She stared at him, until he looked away and began to mumble something and went back to fumbling through his pockets for his keys. A.N.: A completely goofy and gushy thing Iquickly jammed outthat just proves that I am a romantic at heart. Prologue-Simple Fascination-I've always had this strange obsession with goths, even before the day that I first saw one up close. he hissed and made another grab for me. He reached down, and I flinched. Up close- well, as close as a 4' 1 one, I could see four eyebrow piercings, a lip piercing, and no less then seven earrings. He had eye shadow, and black lipstick, and he had tight black pants and a baggy black shirt. Then I spotted something on the ground, when my brother was just regaining the control of his limbs. I called, and somehow he knew I was talking to him because he stopped and looked over his shoulder. my brother was yelling. I nodded, eager to please the cool guy with the cool hair and cool name. I cherished that ring. By the time I turned ten, the ring could actually fit on my thumb without it falling off. We had moved a town over, out of the city, and I had decided to explore the park. They were all surrounding this one girl who was talking. I made sure to pass really close to them, just in case one decided to turn around and notice me and give me blue hair dye. I retorted. I don't know why I had it in my head that a high schooler wouldn't jump a ten-year-old. I protested. about three voices said. Wow. the boy said. I shouted, bringing my little fist up to punch her in the nose. I scrambled to my feet and snatched the ring from the boy, who didn't make any move to take it back. My next real encounter didn't come for three more years. This time, it was the first day of school. You want to know how? Moving on, after that, he smiled a lot, and he laughed a lot, and he made jokes a lot, and yeah, he got into a lot of detentions because of his jokes. Okay, I have to admit, blond-haired blue-eyes hot, athletic boys certainly have their charm. Conan got held back. In high school, goths became more numerous. Otherwise I would be so making out with Bishop every day. It was the most hideous dress I had ever seen. Right now, I don't want commitment. Eric is 8 years older than me and believes that the age gap allows him to treat me like a kid- a 28 year old kid who knows how to change diapers better than he does. I gasp. After she left, I stared at myself in the mirror. And tonight, I need this fix badly. I've never kicked anyone's ass before, but I imagine the ass-kickers out there would wear something like it. My sister had cleverly chosen to keep the cucumber dress out of my reach until the day of. I was all jittery when I got to the store. Rationalization complete, I pulled on the doors. I sat down and pondered the dilemma. I was so caught up attempting pyrokinesis that I didn't notice footsteps coming my way. The deep voice resonated through my body. I silently cursed myself. Omagahh. I sputtered, and seeing no other escape, fled to my car, hearing a sexy laugh ringing in my burning ears. I sighed. She smirked. Dear god, my bubble tea better be fully sugarized. Author's Note: Revising entire story starts today. Sometimes, I think about my future. I shouldn't say that. Amy bit her lip in frustration. As she left the Starbucks, she bumped into a man coming in. As she put her car into gear, her cell phone rang. Amy blinked a few times. Amy hung up after a bit more pointless chitchat. It had been a romantic notion, one born out of a sixteen year old's daydreams. When she arrived at Mary's, she said nothing about her letters. Amy wrinkled her nose, but sat in Trevor's computer chair. A few more videos, and Amy was certainly feeling much better. Mary just smiled and hit play. Nikita Otto, lead singer of the band, pranced across the screen in tight leather pants and a ruffly shirt. There were several artsy shots of Nikita singing soulfully in shadows. It wasn't until the woman in white threw off her outer dress, revealing a metal bikini that would do Princess Leia proud that the girls lost control of their laughter. Mary and Amy exchanged a glance. Amy checked her cell phone. Mary snickered at that. Mary seemed to snap out of her laughing fit. The night air was chilly, and she could see her breath as she made her way towards her car. After what seemed like an eternity, Amy pulled into a parking space quite a distance away from the doors. Jason asked as a man in a suit led them through a dark corridor, past the lines of people waiting to get to their seats. Trevor said, his eyes wide. A man came barreling out of the dressing room, his pants ripped and his leather jacket over a bare chest. Ives was so angry, and so determined, that he plowed right into Amy, sending the both of them crashing to the ground. Nikita yelled. Amy couldn't take her eyes off of Nikita. Mary's voice was soothing. Amy nodded, and Nikita and Trevor once again worked together to lift her to her feet. Amy nodded, and she took another sip of water. The four exchanged awkward looks. A/N: Hi guys, Lenah C. here! It was on a hot summer afternoon that Lady Hill, the visiting Marchioness of Dunstand, declared the lavish tea party on their country villa. Meanwhile, a little black head stuck out from the door with great caution and scanned the deserted hall way with keen sapphire eyes. The little brunette tossed the boy of eight a haughty look for squealing and gave him the silent treatment. Victoria Britton, a brusque blonde and daughter of a rich local merchant, bickered on the best and most awful dresses the grown-ups were wearing with the shaking of her head. Jeremy Prince teased. Five heads turned at once to catch glimpses on the mysterious Cradwells, the noble family who was once said to be a common presence at the Queen's castle! At the age of thirteen, hardly a child anymore, Derek Cradwell walked with two friends of his own toward their little group. The Duke's friend, a dark haired boy with a friendly smile talked with John and arranged a game of a tag by pairs to avoid difficulties. Serena smiled smugly and felt the confidence burning in her chest. Serena forced a smile to Emily, who sensed her hurt pride, to tell her she was okay and mumbled about resting for a while. the sack by April". Summary: An ordinary 17 year old girl, Raina Johnson,is infatuated. And let me tell you, Travis Thompson is the hottest guy to have ever walked the face of the earth. Trent's appearance was somewhat similar to Travis's. I cursed under my breath at the chunk of metal standing before me. After trying the combination for practically the 10th time I grew frustrated and began to kick violently at it. I turned around to look at my intruder and found out that it was my friend Matt. Matt was one of the very few people in this school who actually took the time to get to know me. I asked in surprise. My sentence was cut short when I sensed someone standing right behind me. Wait. I gave Trent a questioning look, as he continued to stare down at me. I didn't respond. I looked up at him in surprise. he hollered at his friend before turning back toward me. Right away, I knew what he was talking about. So that's all he wanted. It was then I wrote him the address to my house on a small piece of paper. things he's done. jokes he cracks. them also worked on the newspaper staff. The teacher was passing out the books they would read this semester. shut. head exploded. smiled. question. thought this class would be boring. college. explained and hung up. over your palms. The Cole Turns To AshSummary:16-year-old Cole is sarcastic, apathetic, pessimistic, and just well. Especially, when you're in the supermarket and they're in that pile ontop of eachother like they're having a fucking fruit orgy and people touch them with hands full of uncleanliness. I live in a two-story apartment with my Aunt. Third was a pilot from South Africa. Why do I live with my Aunt you ask? So here I am. Work late. The alarm wakes me and I jump up in a sea of fabric. I yawn and walk around my room. I'm walking the bitch and just looking around. I open my eyes and he's scratching his dog's head. Trees are interesting. Oh Jesus no. His voice has that sickeningly sweet tone that just makes you want to get to know him and and and fuc-. I wait a few minutes to lick I mean. A/N: My first story. September 18, 2010 A/N: I deeply apologize for the numerous alerts that are going to be e-mailed to people, but I have concluded that I don't think I want to get this story published. (old) A/N: Okay, this story is a bit darker, a bit more dramatic, a bit deeper than my typical stories. I remember when I was four years old, the very first day that I ever laid eyes on him. Even at the age of four, I knew it had to be something terrible that was responsible for changing my beautiful, strong, happy mother into that sad woman with a broken expression that was holding my hand. That night when I heard the noise, something made me decide to face my fear, to crawl out of bed and tiptoe out into the hall. My mother never cried. The writing my mother always did in her notebooks was journaling. My grandmother never referred to my mother as a monster, although she was the only person who didn't. She met a young man –two years older than her— named Alex Webber. Apparently it was Alex Webber who changed all that. My mother had what she called her  and it was apparently the crucial part of any relationship, the part where she would start to feel herself falling. One of the reasons everyone ridicules my mother is that technically they never even made it to  status. She had called him several times that week, but he never answered her phone calls and never returned any messages she left for him. From there, her writing turned slightly frantic. The amount of emotional torture that man put my mother through would be enough to make me hate him even if nothing else had ever happened. There is a little bit of writing from that night, but it's mostly smeared with tears and written so frantically that you have to study it to try to decipher what it says. When she got home there were pages filled with rambling about how he had  and she claimed that it was in those moments with him that she realized she couldn't walk away. My mother saw hope here, thinking if he was only with her because of some feeling of duty, time would pass, the sense of shock would pass, and someday he would be hers again. The months that followed would be pure hell for my mother, her only small moments of relief being a stolen kiss in the break room or a brief touching of hands as they passed each other. The secrecy and the torment took a toll on my mother, and it was a mere month later when she journaled in very small handwriting –there are hardly any of her entries with this writing, but it means she's worse than upset, she's emotionally devastated—that she knew she couldn't take it anymore. She didn't write exactly what his response was, but I believe it was something along the lines of,  because she was in disbelief. She was so happy that week that reading those entries in her journal makes my heart ache for her, even after all these years. She stopped journaling for three days, and on the fourth day she wrote hysterically, most of it not even making sense, just desperate started sentences that went unfinished. My mother did make one last, desperate stab to stop it; she asked him to move in with her. It was a month after their goodbye when her ex, Alex, decided to show back up. Alex was still with the girlfriend, but he called my mom the morning he got into town and told her he'd love to see her while he was there. Mike was working that night, and he knew Alex because they had grown up going to school together and living just down the road from each other. Anyway, I don't know what happened between my mom and Alex that night, because she seemed upset about it, ashamed, and even in her own private journal, she wouldn't state plainly what had happened. As the weeks turned into months, my mother started going downhill again. One of those days he was being mean to her she had told him that he was a liar. My mother wrote about much of their flirting, so I can understand easily how he would send her mixed signals. But passion and desire aren't always good, I've learned. The night that decided everyone's future was a party at the house of someone from work. Once she thought she had verification that he hated her, she turned bitterer than ever before. I didn't understand that comment when she wrote it, and I doubt he did either, but my mother explained in the next entry what she meant. It was two days after she went out with Alex that Mike, having heard that she was leaving, decided to make peace with her out of nowhere. For the first time since Mike had started screwing her over, I could see that she was getting excited. Mike and Sarah had their kid in August, and she did write it down, but I noticed that she didn't seem to care quite as much because she had me to focus on. From there she started planning our life together. I believe I gave my mother something to live for. I remember one minute I was sitting in my room playing with my dolls, and the next moment I heard a cry from the other room. Alex never married, going from girlfriend to girlfriend, never without one, always cheating on the one he had. Growing up, I realized that I had trouble making friends. I realized early on that there was a certain power in that kind of senseless fear. It wasn't until I turned 14 and moved in with Alex that I seemed to get another identity. Of course, being an ass, the kid told all his little buddies that much more happened than what actually did, and they believed him. Honestly, even though our lives—the lives of our parents— had been so entwined, I hadn't laid eyes on Derek Noble since that day in the grocery store when I was four years old. I always attempted to avoid him at lunch, but Derek seemed to have inherited his father's belief that it was his duty in life to torture the Harmon women. I wanted to strangle Mrs. Dixon right then and there, but Principal Trent was in the office. I let out a frustrated scream before exiting. For my very best friend in the whole world; thank you for all you've ever done for me. I shrugged, even though she couldn't see me. Eva exhaled. she trailed off, and I detected a hint of trepidation in her voice. I remained silent. My apology seemed to send her off. She sighed. I sighed. I silently agreed. I froze, my hand still firmly planted in his back pocket. was my garrulous reply. It all started one sunny Spring day. I am the victim here. Then Aaron Montgomery, the class hottie/badboy, got into a fight with golden boy Reggie Willard. The gossip was getting really interesting. I motioned for her to hush. Unfortunately I could. My eyes trailed down to my hand. I don't know why I pick-pocket. I was about to retort when a sudden hush filled the halls. Pitiful tears ran down her picture perfect face. Reggie, our hero and knight in a faded green polo took a menacing step forward, his eyes blazing with anger. Aaron looked unimpressed. Penelope sobbed. Cue fresh round of gasps. Reggie bellowed, charging like a bull. I don't know how Kirk did that because Reggie is like, the strongest guy at school. I winced. I pushed and shoved my way through the crowds until I reached the sanctuary of my European History Class. Her smile was absolutely feral. I snuck in, surreptitiously watching out for anyone who would recognize me. Penelope huffed loudly. …which leads us back to the beginning, in the cafeteria with my hand down Aaron's back pocket. In comparison with where I saw her hands two days ago, Aaron's butt was nothing. Aaron repeated his previous question. Checking for lice? I blurted. I lied. That was Carly. I tried to keep my voice calm and reasonable. I ran a hand through my hair in frustration. I felt like dying. Earlier this year I had done a lot of things for my class, hoping to be the student body president during my senior year. I guessed. Penelope grabbed me by the throat, snapping me out of my deep and profound thoughts. A clearly masculine voice growled, pulling Penelope away from me. It was Aaron. Aaron's eyes hardened. I heard some gasps and mumbles. I had no choice. Penelope hissed at me. Once again he looked faintly amused  He pointed a thumb at the attentive crowd. I blinked. I recited, instantly thinking of Mulan my favorite Disney movie. In all truth, he wasn't even supposed to notice my hand there. Come on poker face! It was a very nice phone. Aaron threw back his head and laughed long and hard. He laughed for the second time that day. since when did I sound like porky pig? Aaron's breath fanned my face. I pulled myself away so fast I tripped and stumbled over my shoelaces. My day continued to spiral downhill from thence. I tried to hold my head up as I made my way to the locker. I was contemplating joining the circus when the crowd split once again. I snapped, whirling to attack her but Aaron grabbed my arm holding me away. Aaron and I both roared. We found privacy in an empty Chemistry 2 classroom. My face brightened. he said as if speaking to a child, which technically he was. Aaron gave another one of his cabalistic little half-smiles. Aaron leaned back, his white polo tugging against his lean muscles. …that is how the Greek god and the butt-grabber became cohorts. Carly was still pretending not to know me. Aaron and I exchanged phone numbers. You see, since Reggie is the reigning king of our school Aaron was promptly dropped out of his clique. My older brother Jay stormed down the stairs and nearly tripped over his baggy pants. I felt my cheeks turn bright red. I winced, carefully removing my converse. I gaped. I flushed, horrified, as my mind twisted those words. I have never been so happy as the moment Aaron had to go home. Aaron was smiling wider than I'd ever seen him smile. he watched my face carefully, leaning himself against the hood of his car. I roared. Is it? this time he nearly fell off the hood. I smiled a little, naturally enjoying the scenery. I asked my interest thoroughly piqued. Aaron is a notorious bad boy, who is hot and drives a sexy car. We slowly approached the building. I stared in stupefaction as he rented two pairs of skates. The song changes to Ne-yo's 'Never Knew I Needed' which may be the most romantic song of all time. Judgment Day. I awakened to a strong feeling of dread. my brother bellowed from inside the kitchen. Clean up took longer than I expected. At least the weather was gorgeous. I shouldered my book bag, smoothed out my navy jeans and began walking. My heart might have skipped a beat there. We actually made it to school before the first bell. Aaron says. Sneaking past the secretary to was no problem. All the other students were in class. I try not to think too hard as he traces small circles on my face. OOOOOHHHHH CRRRAAAAAAAPPP! He frowned but returned to the task at hand, leaving me to catch my breath. I stared at Aaron in awe. I've only been sent to detention once before, and that was for dumping glue down Tara Stephens dress in fourth grade. They're whispering and pointing. I guess no one mentioned my being forced into the situation. I'm kidding, although it might as well be. He called our parents, of course. His little confession replayed through my mind. She danced off before I could strangle her. I smiled, my heart dancing like a drunken Irish man. Aaron grinned devilishly, ducking his head low and gently cupping my face in his large warm hands. I let my eyelids flutter shut as he angled his head so he could kiss me better. Soooo, whatcha' think? Hi, thanks for being somewhat interested in this story. I felt his arm tighten around my waist as I tried to soundlessly move from his bed. Vincent buried his head in the crook of my neck and let out a sigh. I turned my head away and saw the wad of cash sitting on the nightstand. This all started when Vincent assumed. Somehow I managed to wiggle free from him. Picking up my heels I looked down at the money. The air was getting colder. I often thought about giving Vincent his money back. So what if he paid me? A loud grunting sound made my mind snap forward. Their fists flew wildly without thought. Wham! He was really hurting him. The man didn't seem to hear me. I couldn't breath. The man blinked rapidly at me and continued to stare at my horrified expression. Of course that would be horribly boring if that really happened. I waited, stunned, and still a little freaked out. I looked up and saw the smaller man standing in front of me. Fine, he didn't want my help so I wasn't going to push. We went our separate ways, but I only got a few feet before I heard him fall. Walking back to him I slowly helped him up. I looked down at his snoring body with a travel mug of coffee in my hand. The plan was to check his wallet, get a cab and send him home. I cleaned him up only because I didn't want him to get blood on my couch. I said kicking the couch. I had enough. Get out of my apartment. I tried not to smile. He followed me, waited while I got my mail, and then stopped when we got outside. He called. I stopped and stared hard at the letter. Hey everybody,So here's the new story. Um. So I couldn't get ahold of my Beta. Get Mad, BabyRyan said I was so meek that he didn't even think I would mind if he cheated on me. But I am angry. This is out of character for me. Then he said  and gave me the said puppy-dog eyes and asked me to forgive him. I know, I know, it's a little disgusting. A year and a half later my blonde baby sister with her big boobs and shiny white teeth stole him. At least that's what I told myself to rationalize what Ryan did. But when I went home and found Carrie texting  it was harder to keep my heart in check. Sleeping was hard that night. I was surprised to find myself biting my tongue to keep back from yelling at him. He grinned at me, a grin that always sent my heart soaring, but it sunk. When class ended he kissed me on the cheek and told me he'd see me later that day. I wasn't going to do anything. I turned sharply, expecting to see Ryan. It wasn't him, thank God. He was leaning against an old BMW with a broken passenger window covered with duct tape. I said, turning on my heel. I tried to act casual. He handed the bat back to me and placed his hand on my shoulder. I think he said this to make me feel better but it didn't. Peter didn't let me walk off. He grinned and placed the cigarette in the pocket on my left breast. What am I getting myself into? I looked at him over the top of my mug of hot chocolate and sighed. he leaned forward, placing his elbows on his knees and fiddling with his pocket watch. I expected Peter to shake his head, or roll his eyes, anything that meant he didn't understand me but wasn't going to say anything. He grabbed my hand, engulfing it in his own. Straight? "Just tell him that you do care, and that he's scum, and you don't want anything to do with him. When he finished he gently shoved my head forward, pushing me away from him. I hadn't even realized I'd begun to cry until he touched me. Butterflies. I didn't have much time left to think about the effect he had on me because out of the corner of my eye I saw Ryan. Uh…yes. I turned to him with a fierce look. I turned on my heel and began to head towards Ryan's car. Peter began to shout  but it was too late. I wiped my forehead with the back of my arm and stared at my work. Bright red. Peter stared at me for a long while before he threw the bat on the ground. I grinned. It was a movie kiss. I broke away from the kiss and Peter leaned forward, still wanting more. Ryan yelled. The color drained from Ryan's face and he took a step back. I've never seen Ryan run faster, even when he was on the track team. Peter rested his head on his shoulder and began to laugh. he said. And for what I swore would be the last time in my life I obeyed a guy and enjoyed the after-effects of my crazy mood. "Umm. flowers and put them in this bowl. flower. "And. him. floating away right now"? month. too. "Um. yet? daughter. moved out. she should be. inside? here. and Charlotte Pendragon! Chapter 1: Dealing with a Demi-GodI was going to kill him. Besides, all he'd have to do is smirk at me and my attempts would be ineffectual. I slumped my head in my arms, peeking at the clock for the umpteenth time. I felt torn. Rosa was a matronly woman in her fifties, and was more of a family member to the McDermotts than she was hired help. I placed the glass further away on the desk and sighed. Smiling, I wandered around the room. He likes blue, I deduced, noting the navy bedspread and the matching drapes. The wind whipped my hair into my eyes when I peered outside. It'd been over a year since the accident, but I couldn't bring myself to call him Dad like I used to. Sam loved me like I was his own daughter, and I grateful for that. That was eleven years ago. a deep voice drawled, jarring my thoughts. He moved closer then, our bodies mere inches apart. What the hell was going on? THUD! My jaw dropped at his suggestion. I felt my blood pressure rise. I sputtered. Six. Tuesday morning. butt out where she doesn't belong. Chelsea? Chelsea's identical twin. Happy June! As I normally do, I plan to host an advanced giveaway of Losing Myself in You, once edits are complete, probably at the end of June, early July. I stood in front of Ashton Hills Boys' Academy, one of the most prestigious schools in America, it was the school I would be attending for my Senior Year. Well you see. I replied, rising from my seat to enter my British boss's office. I replied meekly. I nodded obediently, there really wasn't much else to reply with. Sheffield pulled out a folder from a small pile, scanned it quickly and then handed it over to me. I had been assigned to a CODE: 105. I hate to admit this. But gosh. Sheffield coughed and gestured to my seat. I nodded. That's all he said. Sheffield said, sounding somewhat. I nodded dazedly and walked out of the office, looking down at my new identity- Rory Connors. I blew a stray lock of my newly cut hair out of my face. Taking a deep breath, I straightened my shoulders, puffed my chest out (like I'd seen my brother do on many occasions) and then quickly glanced to check down that well. I don't know why I bother, luck is hardly ever on my side. honor on Dean? it seems. Author's Note: This is very short but it's only because it's the prologue. I drop the fork and lean back in the chair, looking around at the people around me. Looking at Felix; his name brand t-shirt, gelled hair, and his 'I just ran to the bathroom and shaved' look, and here I am; never having properly gotten the hang of shaving and mastering the art of 'in the dark dressing'. A flash of red to my left catches my attention. Felix snaps his fingers in my face, forcing me to look at him. Summary: I was young, beautiful, and filthy rich, so why was I being thrown into a marriage with a cold-hearted albeit heart-achingly handsome fiancé who had one month to make me comply with his wishes? And if he comes at me with one more marriage proposal, I'm going to I'm throw myself off of my balcony and fall three stories to a gruesome death. If the man would only remarry and procreate with the wench he wouldn't have to worry about leaving me his entire fortune, not that I wouldn't mind taking it all after he departs from this world, bless his heart. But the man is stubborn and refused to take another wife since no woman will ever replace the love of his life, my mother Elizabeth, a. Wait, I love shish kabobs. But don't get me wrong, I love my father with all my heart, but I wish he'd lay off the marriage subject. I squinted at her three hands and tried to focus on which one was real and which were the fabricated illusions of the alcohol swimming in my system. Obnoxiously loud engines roared further up the street, signaling the start of a new race. I giggled, which in turn made her giggle, as giggles are contagious when one is inebriated beyond coherent speech. Our laughter was cut off as the abrupt sound of screeching tires ripped down the street. My vision blurring slightly, I watched in dazed enthusiasm as orange and purple and silver melded together and broke free and merged again. She didn't respond and that hand kept inching its way up my leg. Soft, sensual lips dropped tiny kisses up my neck, leaving a burning trail of fire smoldering on my skin. The man gave a new definition to the word sexy thanks to two genetically perfect Oscar winning parents. Let's be serious. I moaned and automatically tangled my hands in his hair, frissons of electricity snaking down my spine and hitting the very core of my being. I squinted in the semi-darkness and tried to find where the hell I had placed my things. Growling, I dropped on all fours and peeked beneath the vehicle. I tried to tilt my head and glare at Rick, but the throbbing insistency of my head prevented such action. Did he not hear me? Yawning, I stretched and sat up in the leather seat. I fumbled with the door handle for a good minute before I finally found it. Hn. Said dog galloped happily up to me, his large, bulky body easily towering over my small 5'3 frame. What was it, four in the morning? I expected him to frown and comment on the alcohol I knew was radiating from my pores or bring up last night's escapade, but when a thick, uncomfortable silence descended from thin air, my body went on high alert. He hesitated with his response. He never leaves his things carelessly strewn about, and on the floor no less. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. I blinked once, twice, then turned around and walked towards the spiraling steps, my happy-go-lucky purebred trotting obliviously behind me. Terry nudged my arm and whispered conspiratorially, ignoring me as I swatted his elbow away. I muttered wryly. I felt Hayley nudge me in the ribs and was about to grumble when Terry's girl stalked past us. Terry was right. See, Terry, Hayley and I had made it our personal missions to help people bring out the best in themselves. I suppose you could say that the three of us had seen one too many make-over shows and thought we could do it ourselves. Some would argue that we were just being overly idealistic and well, just plain shallow but we'd argue otherwise. And so it began, armed with our combined talents, twice a month, we'd find someone who looked like they could have used our help. I had never let my life revolve around the way that I looked although I did take pride in the way I dressed and presented myself. Hayley had a completely different style from me altogether and I often envied her confidence for being able to pull off the looks that she did. Terry, on the other hand, had his own thing going. We'd long ago decided that there had to be reason that we'd all found each other when we did. And that's where we were as we stared after the girl Terry had showed us. I conceded. Hayley reminded, her voice tinged with excitement. The final effect was breath-taking. I laughed. New minion? He looked a little stunned at first but recovered from it quickly enough. I felt my face heat up almost instantly and unconsciously channelled all my rage into crushing the plastic cup that I was holding. Ever since we began our little  we had received countless numbers of phone calls from nervous girls and even some guys asking for our help. I know what she was doing and I knew I would thank her for it later. Jerk. Updated 180106: I'm finally editing this damn thing. I screamed silently in frustration at his retreating back and may have muttered some very bad swear words that would put even sailors to shame as he turned back and winked. It's as if he was put on this planet for the sole purpose of driving me utterly bonkers. We were in second grade performing the annual school play and I won the part of Sleeping Beauty. All I remembered was being shaken awake by Luke, to the words,  which wasn't in the least bit romantic, even by second grade standards. I jumped as something hit the back of my head. Over the summer of ninth grade, he'd shot up five inches, broadened out quite admirably (you could even say quite nicely) and had, all in all, come back from break looking, well, hot. He waved away my jibe and continued. Blue iPod Nano? At my words, his friend doubled over and emitted a screeching noise not dissimilar to a pack of hyenas during mating season. Because even though I may have found him slightly attractive, it didn't erase the fact that I hated him. Sure, I tended to have psychological breakdowns whenever I got less than ninety-eight percent in a Maths exam, or forgot to do my Economics homework, but that didn't mean I was neurotic. she grinned. I stared, dumbfounded, at Lucas, who had materialised out of thin air and was now leaning against my locker. The silly girl was under the poor, misguided impression that, 'underneath all my burning hatred, lay a red-hot desire to ravish him' (her words, not mine). What's she feeling sorry for me for? Yeah, my life's all hunky dory. We sat there, side-by-side for a few minutes, neither of us speaking. I muttered, staring hard at the ground, embarrassment causing me to blush. I could feel his penetrating gaze, but I refused to look him in the eye. he said nonchalantly, causing a burst of warmth in my chest. I glanced over the fence at the gravestones lined up in neat rows, and exhaled loudly. Some things never change. I glanced around and found the area deserted. (Did I say angel? His white shirt was clinging to his torso due to the rain, and it was doing ridiculous things to my insides. Stunned, I lifted my hand to touch my cheek. I gripped my seat, shocked at the wave of jealousy creeping up on me with the implications of a girl's sweater on the back seat of Luke's car. I studied him cautiously from the corner of my eye. This was Luke. I attempted a scowl, but somehow my mouth twitched into a smile, and I couldn't help but chuckle along with him. Lucas Hamilton. We made it to my front door and stood there staring awkwardly at each other. I did not just say the word 'thanks' three times in one sentence. He stood there looking amused. It was like New Year's fireworks exploding behind my eyelids and a choir singing  in my ears. Because I was an independent twenty-first century young woman who did not fling herself shamelessly at men. I glared back at him. He flinched, and something in his eyes flickered. I opened my mouth, but not a single sound came out. She looked at me. She gave me the look. My face so does not light up whenever he's around. The guy I'd just realised I no longer hated (in fact, quite the opposite) had been standing at my doorway for God knows how long, possibly overhearing my moment of self-actualisation and leaving me on the brink of an emotional crisis – and the only coherent response I could muster was, Oh. You? Oh bravo, Bronwyn. By now my back was pressed against the wall and he stopped, barely a centimetre away from me. He flinched, and his eyes flickered with something I might have identified as hurt if I wasn't too busy figuratively exploding, before his face took on that blank, expressionless mask that I was so afraid of. My hands slid from his shoulders, and feeling light-headed, I inhaled some sweet, sweet oxygen. That's what he's reduced me to. I knew it. I saw stars. I turned an even darker shade of red as his grin widened. he declared, and kissed me. And guess what? My mother called it my Eponine complex. In any case, I suppose I did have something of the same problem as Eponine Thenardier, so in love with the handsome Marius. I was hopelessly and devastatingly in love with Carlin Thompson. But Carlin was game, and he was enthusiastic and warm where I was shy and apathetic. Sarah, being my older twin by twenty minutes, would always be my closest friend and true confidant. It hurt, knowing that even if I did tell him of my feelings, nothing would change. That's why it was my Eponine Complex. And of course, as it is an Eponine Complex, there has to be another woman involved. It was my Eponine Complex, and I had to sit and watch in pain as Carlin stood next to Danielle in front of the church, and pledged to always love, honor, and cherish her. Sarah knew better. I pulled out a tissue and wiped my eyes, hoping my eyeliner hadn't smudged. I didn't answer. Sarah shook her head, and followed the push of the crowd to greet the couple. After the rest of the guests had exited the sanctuary, I looked up at the altar, and behind it, the cross. I turned away from the cross, and edged into the aisle. The man seemed to notice someone was looking at him, and he moved to the very edge of the balcony and looked over the railing. I saw Sarah, and snuck into line with her. I replied with a mutter. That boy who was now beaming at Sarah and I like his wildest dreams had come true. Danielle said, glancing at the two of us. My blue dress, topped with the black linen jacket, was understated and almost plain compared to Sarah's bright floral halter dress that ended two inches above her knee. Carlin promised. Sure enough, two hours later (when the reception was due to start), Sarah and I found ourselves in one of the nicest reception halls in New York City, with fresh orchid arrangements at every table, and expensive silverware and china at each setting. Sarah and I took our seats, and I sipped at the water nervously. I suffered through the speeches and the gaiety, and finally, tables were excused one by one to get their food. I soon lost track of the time as I tipped back each subsequent mixed drink. I didn't dignify him with a response, just stared at him. The man's eyebrow's shot straight up to his hairline. I don't know why I said what I did next. The man actually pulled back, away from me when I said that. Man. Anyway, this is probably going to be ansty in parts, humorous in others, sweet in yet others. A/N: (09/2012) Going through and doing some minor revisions, cleaning things up a bit. Nola O'Donnell fell in love with Gideon Martin when she was only ten years old. Gideon didn't move from Nola's side while his dad—whom she called Mr. Q—took care of calling Nola's parents and Mama J, his mother, bustled off to get ice from the concession stand for her probably-broken wrist. There were times when she deeply regretted that fact. It was the third time Gideon had been into O'Donnell's—Nola's pub—with the short blonde, which meant he'd be getting laid at the end of the night. The deep voice dragged her roughly from her thoughts and she simply blinked a few times at the middle-aged version of Gideon sitting in front of her. Mr. Q chuckled. Liam was her ten-year-old brother. Still smiling, she watched him weave his way through the bar towards his son's table. Nola knew, because Nola kept track. It was a frustrating cycle, but most of the time Nola thought it was for the best. Unfortunately, that couldn't happen when the person in love with you was your little sister's best friend, and it was made even harder when they were practically a member of the family. Nola had done her damnedest to perpetuate that particular myth, dating multiple guys throughout high school and college, although none had lasted very long. She supposed, in her own way, she was a little like him. Gideon on the other hand. Nola knew he wasn't quite as heartless as most people assumed he was. Everyone except the women who foolishly fell in love with him and were promptly dumped. Across the bar, Gideon felt eyes on him, and gladly diverted his attention from the woman he was with to find out who was staring at him. It was Nola, his little sister's best friend. When he came over a moment ago, his father had told him that Nola needed help planning his mother's fiftieth—not that Nola would ever admit to needing assistance. He'd been right; her blue-green eyes were unfocused when he reached her and there was a small grin playing at the corners of her pink lips. That was what his sister always called them: aquamarine. He leaned against the bar. And she did, until about an hour before closing, when a young man who hadn't gotten the popped-collars-are-out memo decided to slap her ass as she walked by his table. The fight was split up rather quickly, but not before Nola took an elbow to the nose in the melee. Nodding, she thanked him again and disappeared into her office. She was supposed to be spending time alone with Gideon tomorrow. Nola stayed in her office for the rest of the night, nursing her injury, and quite happily left the cleaning up to her staff. In her living room, she turned on some music, filling her CD player with soft, slow-paced music, and then stretched out on the couch, laying an ice pack across her aching nose. Bridget was a photographer, and she traveled the world freelancing for several travel magazines and websites, in addition to taking her own artsy photographs, which she sold online. Bridget muttered, making Nola chuckle. Nola laughed, because wasn't that the truth? In her relaxing, lavender-and-white bedroom, Nola tugged off her jeans. She really did look like a hot mess. After gently cleaning the blood off her face, she turned out the light and returned to her bedroom. A/N: This is my second story posted. Summary: Blair and Matt haven't got along since her brother first befriended him. By the end of the night I'd seen less teachers than I'd heard the word 'potential'. I knew what they meant by doing it myself. The school had tried detention on me, even suspended me once, but it didn't really make a difference to me. I didn't see his point. Eventually, my older brother, Tom, decided to interrupt him. Tom said. The only reason Tom had done a gap year was so that he could go to a 'Crammers' and improve his marks. I commented rudely. There was no way my father would accept this. I couldn't believe the words I was hearing my father speak. Tom quickly decided to put in,  Was my own brother plotting my demise? Tom smirked from across the table. As they all left the table, and I began to clear their plates, I muttered angrily under my breath about the unfairness of it all. I dunked the plates and cutlery in the dishwasher, and started in on washing the saucepans. He grabbed my right cheek and pinched it before going up the stairs. I didn't want to bother getting used to him everyday though. A/N: okay, so hopefully I'll get a good response from this… or any response. DISCLAIMERI OWN NOTHING YOU RECOGNIZE (AND SOME THINGS YOU DON'T. Watching Dalton School's newest and most lovey-dovey couple exchange spit while I sat opposite them in the booth at Denny's and wished I was somewhere else wasn't the way I wanted to spend my Monday afternoon. I replied with trepidation, my eyes sweeping the hall for an escape route. Behind Mrs. Williams, Robyn was tapping her watch, looking increasingly irritated. I mouthed, knowing full well it wouldn't be five seconds. Five seconds turned into ten, which turned into a minute and Mrs. Williams still hadn't said anything to indicate why she was making me stand here, attracting weird looks from my classmates as they filled the hall. I started hesitantly, not exactly sure what I had to do but knowing that if she didn't get to the point soon, I would have to leave. I nodded, resisting the strong urge to roll my eyes to the ceiling. Mrs. Williams sighed theatrically, fanning her face with Luke's file. My mind raced. Funny. Not like sitting near to Luke meant anything. Just asking that question made me feel supremely stupid and I stared down at my white boots, not daring to look up at Mrs. Williams. Of course. Fishing in her skirt pocket, Mrs. Williams pulled out a piece of paper and handed it to me. I said, stuffing the paper into my parka pocket. A couple of months ago, I had come into school with a bruise on my chin. She smiled again and I immediately felt my heart tighten with guilt. I shrugged. I had to laugh at her. Robyn gave me a superior look. I said, patting her arm reassuringly. We made our slow, torturous way down the subway station stairs, getting pushed this way and that. Robyn sulked better and longer than anyone I knew. I smiled. But in order to do that, I had to get away from Robyn, which would be harder than you'd think, simply because she refused to be left alone down here. I replied, shrugging. I rolled my eyes. Breathing heavily, Todd came up behind us. Of course. I looked down at my outfit and groaned. Taking a couple of calming deep breaths that didn't help in calming me, I walked in, striding purposely to the gilded elevator like I had every right in the world to be there. There was no doubt which 'miss' the snooty voice behind me was addressing. I said, standing my ground, even though my first instinct was to run for the hills. I narrowed my eyes. I wondered why Luke didn't want visitors. An idea popped into my head as he picked up the phone. The definition of awkward would be if Joanna was up there with Luke. Please let Luke let me up. I shuddered. I said casually, wondering what Luke had said to the Count to warrant such a change. I rode up in the elevator all by myself until I belatedly realized that it was exclusively for the penthouse. The elevator opened out onto a landing and I stepped out, wishing I had more eyes to take in all the lavishness. I raised my eyebrows. I grimaced. I almost said 'I'll make it worth your while', but stopped myself at the last moment. A butler in a black suit stood between me and a hot beverage. My eyes wide, I followed the butler to the living room, trying to take in all I saw. I perked up. Now, I have a problem. Only one of the rarest and best piano's in the world. In a trance, I touched the piano to convince myself it was real. Caught unawares, I did the most natural thing that came to mind. Oh, crap. I'll be updating a chapter every two days because something about updating daily trips me out, so see you all in two days! Your Definition of LoveChapter 1Hubba HubbaSo when did I first meet Bryce Healy? Our parents and Bryce's parents were close friends back then, so Paul and Bryce were best friends from practically inside the womb. I had one memory that always came to mind when I thought about our sibling-like relationship. That commercial had been the scariest thing I had ever seen in my life, and I had nightmares for weeks afterwards. It was kind of funny, even to my six-year-old self, that a girl had managed to make a boy bleed. As nice as it was, that experience was also the reason his parents made Bryce start playing basketball. Ever since then, I had always hated anything to do with Reese's: cereal, breakfast, and even mornings in general. He only laughed- laughed! At the last minute, I managed to latch onto Bryce, who was already off-balance from my earlier lunge. I asked him. came a happy voice. she chirped. The apple dropped. said my mom, replying to Paul's question. I glared at him and fixed my ponytail, but as soon as I had properly tied it, he messed it up again. I stepped into the cafeteria. I had liked him since the 7th grade, and I still did, now that I was in the 11th. I remembered thinking that he was incredibly cute, which he was even back then. Ever since that moment, I had been in love with him. And now there he was, all 6 feet of him, currently sitting at his regular table of popular jocks, Paul included. Taylor finally said from behind me. she commented. My mouth dropped open. She shook her head firmly. I muttered, mostly to myself. Suddenly, I heard laughter behind me. I simply stared for a long time, mostly just in shock. I rolled my eyes. My mouth dropped in shock. I saw Paul and Bryce share confused looks. He looked at me weirdly again, but shrugged after awhile. she protested. I stared at it for a few seconds, the words not quite registering in my head. Yep, that right there is my best friend Sarah Connors. Well, fine, only maybe about half the time. He chuckled then shot me his 'famous grin,' which supposedly makes all girls within a two feet radius start to drool. I narrowed my eyes and glared at him grumpily. I was confused at first, until I looked over and saw my baby brother Brandon in his other arm. I scowled to myself, determined to ignore him for the rest of the night. AN: Ok, so this is my first attempt at writing fiction. Bella, Lydia! frowned. Why the hell not? you? hello poppets! ah. for all of you who reviewed my last story with 'you should do the next one with Calc and Jessica! i know there might be some similarities between this one and the last one, but i'm trying to keep them far and few. Candi was part of the popular clique. If her face turned any redder, she would probably have been mistaken for a stoplight. Ah, the typical high school day for Marla Rosetti, freak extrordinaire. Oddly enough, I found it all comforting. My twin brother Justin, is almost the complete opposite of me. The biggest difference between us was that Justin was popular. he asked, placing his Chemistry book neatly beside his Physics. I said, giving him a friendly punch in the arm. I straightened the locks so that they again hung flat to my jaw and headed for the cafeteria. I walked outside. I've had them forever, and I still can't explain them. Through my own experimentation, I found that I could make flowers grow, bloom, and wither, although it was hard work, and made me tired. Justin once asked me why I still eat plants if I can understand them. I muttered emphatically, racing to pull on my socks and shoes. I found my seat in the very back corner of the class and slumped into it, pulling a notebook out of my bag along with a pen. Mr. Douche-cannon made me stay an extra thirty minutes after school to work on problems that he had written on the board. I said, when I felt a sting on my lip. I was, in probably all ways possible, a virgin. I actually didn't think I was bad looking. Then again, I also had vibrant eyes and weird green birthmarks all over my inner wrists. In all honesty, I was rather grateful for the time after school. A couple of punks who thought they were pretty funny had at one time spray painted a giant penis onto my car in day-glo green. Strains of Rachmaninoff's Prelude in C minor filtered through my front door as I walked up our front walk. Leon Rosetti was probably the best father one could ever have. I think it was a last feint on my father's part, as two months after we were born, my mother filed for divorce. My father, however, took it all in stride. My father had recently taken up cooking. My father ran his hand through his salt-and-pepper brown hair that looked remarkably like Justin's, with that hint of good Italian curl. One of my brother's many talents is the fact that he is an extremely gifted musician. Lockwood Manor loomed over me, and I stared up at it, feeling so utterly alone and small I could do nothing but appraise this bulking monstrosity of a house that I now called home. I said. When darkness had fallen and the night was howling with wind, I was upstairs, grumbling to myself about the world in particular. I called, a slight waver in my voice. Just last week, I had been happily enjoying a girl's night out with all my friends. Fun? Whinging, me? Sighing, I flopped onto my back on the bed, staring at a ceiling riddled with cobwebs. Uncle Alfred was on his back again. He had certainly said something about marriage, of that Nicholas was certain. Shuddering at the thought of life-imprisonment, he was about to continue throwing the ball against the wall when there was a knock at the door. Nicholas called, and a moment later, his Uncle was hovering in the doorway, scanning the room with an obvious scowl of distaste. But it was not like he had a choice in the matter of rooming arrangements when he arrived. he said. He glared at the domed window for reasons Nicholas did not know and spoke while keeping his eyes across the room. His Uncle's face was twisted in rage. Nicholas immediately rose to his feet, clenching his fists. They appraised each other, both angry. Suddenly, his Uncle was right in front of him, in all his red and purple glory. He glanced at the dresser, on which Nicholas's more personal items were scattered. And with that, he spun on his heel and stalked from the room. Sighing, he stretched back on the bed, staring blankly at the ceiling as the night outside the house howled. Squinting about the attic, he sighed once again. oh, and the lyrics aren't mine. and i edited this chapter since i posted it. AND another note (7. Resistance is now be posted at The Write Away on LiveJournal. And yes, I have decided to include The Contract in the rewrites as well. That's why I really began watching him. . And I liked it. Well. Where did he lick me? Okay. I glanced at Tracy, my best friend, who was staring out my window into my neighbor's window. I admitted irritably. 1-2-3 was my cat. she purred. I said dully as I squinted to see better. You could be wondering how long this had been going on. The phone rang. my mother's voice broke through the door. I raised an eyebrow. She turned and left the room, closing the door after her. I stood at my window, staring at him. My eyes were glued onto him. I practically yelped when he took off his old shirt, which was white and hugged his frame, showing off his nice curves. Sadly, he put on the black shirt. He began saying something into the cell phone, looking irritated. I moved the cloth to the center of the window and looked right at him. He then turned away and walked over to his TV. I dropped the cloth and backed away from the window, feeling horrified. No! After I was done shunning myself, I sat on my bed and buried my head in my hands. However. She looked. Angrily, she tugged her red plaid, pleated skirt down, as far as it would go. She knew she was being childish, but just for once, couldn't she be the child? Ezra let out a sigh as he withdrew himself from Sally. Ezra replied carelessly, stuffing his hands into the pockets of his grey trousers. She was definitely hot. She looked ready to kill him. Carrie groaned, turning her bag upside down. I suddenly exclaimed, leaning back and fishing between the cushions of the couch upon which we were seated. Carrie and I were shopping downtown. I offered, tugging at the handle of the bag that contained my plain black cocktail dress. I strode over to the big circular table, and sat down, pouting. Carrie and Michael finally arrived, sitting down next to me and giggling amongst each other. I greeted him awkwardly. Instantly, Savannah regretted her choice of lunch. Mike stuck his face right up to hers. Savannah had a second to close her eyes; after those words, she knew what would happen next—she wasn't wrong. Mike's mouth was stretched wide. Savannah saw movement from her peripheral vision. The tone was sharp, audible over the hushed voices that remained. She knew that voice, everyone in Ashwood Academy recognised that voice. Layton commanded from his usual position at the centre of cafeteria. Usually, Savannah would go along, resigned to whatever fate the bullies had planned for her. For once, Savannah lifted her head up and took a moment to look around the room. A white hot feeling flooded her body. Suddenly, Savannah stood taller. The students were taken back. Savannah couldn't help the tremble that passed through her body. Savannah couldn't stay. I hugged Tye around the waist. I nodded, satisfied. I looked away from my house, opting instead to study the flowers planted in neat rows lining our driveway. I heard a little boy squeak. I rocked back on my heels as my mom came out of the house with her purse, my dad behind her with two cardboard boxes. A week later, the house was basically all set. So here I was, sitting in a lounge chair, observing the whole 'pool scene. I sighed to myself and closed my eyes, blocking out the sun. I decided to take a short-cut. My breath whooshed out of me as I started plummeting to the ground, only to fall on something…different. He said slowly in a deliciously deep voice. I became aware that I was still on the cement. Please tell me what you think of this story! Author's Note: Deshret, as mentioned in this story as the primary country, means 'The Red Land'. He paused for a moment, too choked with emotions to speak. he exclaimed to himself as if confirming the reality of the situation. His palm slammed onto the top of my cage. My cage was later moved to a canopy. the auctioneer replied smoothly. My new master observed me thoughtfully. he asked curiously. My cage was too low for me to stand. The auctioneer proceeded to argue. Finally, the auctioneer backed down. My new master crouched next to the cage so that he was eyelevel to me. I climbed out with a bit of difficulty. he nodded. I looked at his clean face and body with a bit of shame. After a short time, we reached the market square. He ducked inside. Before this, I have never been inside the Privilege. Once inside the Privilege, my eyes eagerly picked up the sights around me. And around me were houses. We eventually stopped in front of a red mud dwelling. A fountain planted itself in the middle of the courtyard. The litter was lowered and my master stepped out. My new master laughed and shook his head in amusement. I followed him, keeping my eyes down. The bathroom was large enough to fit in half a house! My eyes still kept on the ground, I wondered if he wanted me to clean the bathing chamber. My dark eyes widened and I couldn't help but look up, confirming his sanity. As I came out of the bathing chamber, the air was suddenly cold against my skin. My cropped, black hair was plastered on my head in wet strands. A boy stood in front of the chamber. He was sitting cross legged on the ground. I looked at him with uncertainty at first. I bit my lip. Back then, I laughed at this, thinking it was a joke. I took a bath in cow's milk every week. I suppose I was too naïve back then to realize that my good fortune did not come freely. Thanks to effervescent-sentiments (Jules)! But there is no reason for him to be uncomfortable. The car suddenly stops, signalling that they are at school. After getting out her books, she walks towards him. He doesn't notice her at first. Lunch finishes and they both get up to leave. She had tried calling him the night before, at exactly midnight, so that she could be the first one to greet him. He comes back to the party. He arrives at school and goes to his locker. But she doesn't do any of that. But he frowns anyway. She starts feeling depressed. She's silent during the rest of the ride. He sees an unfamiliar face in his usual seat. He turns to her and frowns again. He frowns again. She can't let that happen. She's been hurting. He says he is sorry for everything and that her wants her. He said that not because he doesn't like her touching him—he's a guy and just like any other guy, he likes physical attention. It just became too much, too scary for him. A/N: OKAY! Rich girl. Okay well first off you probably want to know my name; it's Emma Tavor. Next, I am the farthest thing from a daddy's girl. Lastly, I am NOT some dumb, ditzy, blonde (no offense to blondes) that carries around a miniature dog in a purse. Standing at the bottom of the steps was a lady with platinum blonde hair, that was obviously died, dressed in a pair of designer Chloe jeans with a designer Chloe shirt to match. I loved my room. Okay I know I said I only had one Versace dress but now I have two. flowed loosely at the end. I climbed out of the rest of my clothes and pulled on the new dress. Inside the box I noticed were a pair of silver heels with matching diamond earrings. I turned to go into my bathroom to do my hair and make up when I noticed the tag still attached to the dress. We both walked outside and crawled into the limousine that would take us to the party. My mother left about oh I would say three seconds after we arrived to go talk to some of 'her people', leaving me by myself. That was the last time I saw my dad that night. At the end of the night my feet were about to break, from the evil heels, and I was tired. I walked into my house and took off my heels before climbing the stairs. Not giving it a second thought I walked into the bathroom and closed the door. The next thing I know there is a large hand covering my mouth. The man holding me was completely cloaked in black, just like the other man. I found myself being flung over his shoulder and being carried down the steps towards the front door. This is when it officially dawned on me. The man with the green eyes reached back and grabbed my arm pulling me towards him. A/N: ALRIGHT MY LOVELIES! On an average Friday, an incredibly long day was finally drawing to a close. The metallic smell of blood hung in the air as I watched Abbie place the limp little body of a cat onto the examination table, and my heart began to sink at the prospect of having to witness this level of suffering. In the places where the creature's blood had soaked through, the the jet black fur was smothered flat. Without a word, he then left me to gape helplessly at the poor cat, as I faintly heard him speaking with Abbie while they rifled through some papers. I couldn't believe it, but half an hour later, I was sitting in a taxi, a pet-carrier on my lap, with a parcel full of medical supplies at my side that Abbie had wrapped up for me. So, if the publishing route doesn't work out. For those of you who have recently started, but not finished the story. I love every single one of you that has read, reviewed, favorited, and just enjoyed what I've created. Hope to get you guys some news soon! fool with no men to protect me, the girl thought. the finest of their kind. spotted a pair of black trousers and a white homespun shirt. time to make clothing for him because . man. took a deep breath. for men to all have at least on weapon on oneself. She flipped a gold coin to him. she'd sound like a man". though. she asked raising her eyebrow. shake. quality". skin. any muscle on him. emotions. smile". for? cook. what it was he wanted. else. all, I'm the one who hired you". leave. direction. boy could make his captain eat an apple. supper. half full. someone very strong in both mind and body. joked around with Witt, they also seemed to be wary of him as well. here. watching her. it. him anymore. pushed aside. the rail beside her. eyes met with understanding. killing him. after I had done a job for him. Requirements:1) Lots and lots of UST (unresolved sexual tension) between couple. No:1) settings at parties, clubs, etc. I glanced up from my perusal of the chewing gums on display, removing the straw of my Starbucks beverage from my lips. I turned the wattage on my grin up a little. With an extra wave for the nice young gentleman behind the counter, I headed out of the convenience store and towards my car. My best friend snorted from her place in the passenger seat. she said then, and I grinned in whole-hearted agreement. Erin and I go way back. So we've been playing this game since we were nine, but really it's been going on for longer than that. This year the game was being held at our university. I gave her a sidelong glance, my mouth quirking. Addles was what the entire Harris family called me – she started it, and then her brothers took it up willingly. Erin burst into laughter, and the serious expression I was trying to hold onto broke completely as I joined in. Erin said, and I could feel her eyes on me as she continued, her voice becoming a little evil. I may have jerked the car a little to the right. Charlie Harris and I have something of a history. The Harris family always throws these ginormous Christmas parties, but they have the money and the house to do it. Two years ago I got caught under the mistletoe with Charlie for the first time since puberty. We both looked up – as if it could really be surprising anymore – and I started to mutter about his sadistic parents but Charlie grabbed my shoulders and kissed me. Needless to say, the following Christmases and New Years became a lot more interesting. The dinner is an important part of the ceremony; it's the pre-game report, if you will. Dinner was at eight o'clock at The Olive Garden, and we pulled up about ten minutes beforehand. Erin nodded towards the restaurant doors as we got out of the car. There was a pause and I grinned, and did a little victory dance in my head. Erin hooked her arm in mine and announced that we were going in. Others began to file in slowly. I craned my head back to look at him and narrowed my eyes playfully. Greg came in soon after, his Cheshire cat grin permanently fixed to his face, and everybody began to settle in. Dinner continued in this fashion, and not just for Charlie and me. After a couple glasses of water each, added to the Starbucks from before, Erin and I escaped the battlefield and made a desperately needed trip to the restroom. I wasn't surprised to find Charlie waiting in the hallway when we left again. You will not swoon, I told myself. My breath caught in my throat and he chuckled, and the sound went straight down my spine like nothing else could. I was having a very hard time not looking at his mouth. The door to the bathroom opened suddenly and then the old woman who'd glared at Erin and me earlier gasped and then cleared her throat rudely. I threw him a wry glance before darting out of the hallway back to my seat. A few people shouted great, and there were other mumbles and smart-ass comments, and then Greg waved them off again and said,  There was some cheering, and Greg waited again for it to die off before he continued. Greg shook his head. Justin and Mark were both watching intently, co-conspirators in his little plot. We'd never actually gone out to dinner before and the idea made my brain stop. His grin only got wider. Steve held his fist up in the air in response. That immediately got a response from the brothers. Unfortunately, thanks to one momentous night last year during winter break, an entire club full of people discovered what happens when me and a certain friend I like to call Cuervo get together. We drove back to campus and met the rest of the girls at one of the school dormitories that was just a couple blocks from our designated gaming area. A super-soaker. As the appointed rendezvous time drew near, the excitement in the air grew palpable. Did he want to date me? Camera flashes were going off and shots were being poured as the girls huddled together for pre-game pictures and drinks. We got some looks as we headed to the fountain, but it only exhilarated us even more. The boys were already there when we arrived, some decked in similar camo gear and some all in black like this was Mission Impossible. This girl was funny. Somebody tugged one of my pigtails from behind and then I felt an arm slip around my waist casually. Charlie smirked at me, watching me go. The one thing that hadn't happened was Charlie. I rubbed my face and pulled my knees up to my chest. Greg's been caught! Thank you, thank you. WTF? Erin sent no more texts after that, and I figured I would shortly have some visitors, if said visitors were up to the task of climbing the oak and scrambling over. Maybe twenty minutes later – less than half an hour until one, the official end time of this year's Hide or Die Challenge – I heard some leaves begin rustling determinedly and directed my focus to the edge of the roof where the tree was. It was too dark to see who it was, but a dark shape was definitely in sight now, making its way across the branches. I pulled open my phone again and began texting. When I scowled at the dimly lit display, Charlie just grinned and took the phone from me. I was glad for the dark because there was no way I wasn't going to blush at that. His mouth quirked into a sexy little smirk and another line of my defenses went down. he purred, and nuzzled my neck. His mouth moved over my throat, and though I felt his breath slide like feathers over my skin, so warm and moist and nice, he didn't put his lips to work just yet. That made me pause, and I lifted my head to look at him. I was suddenly reminded of Erin's queries into my love life and couldn't help but wonder now if Charlie had something do with that the entire time. I couldn't contain a giggle, even though I shared his incredulity – what was that, the third time? Charlie saluted him, smirking, and squeezed my hand. The feeling of being squirted with large amounts of cold water stopped me in my tracks and I whirled around, pointing accusingly at the perpetrator. I covered his mouth in response, and focused on retrieving the eight different messages that had appeared since I'd last texted Erin. Just as I read the last message I got another from Chelsea, reminding me about my promise to help her dump Justin in the fountain. Charlie and Steve shared a high five and followed after me, speaking loudly about how superior a force they were and how much they couldn't wait to party for free tomorrow night and take full advantage of those promised bragging rights. She went over near the fountain and called Justin over as I snuck around. The thing about Harris men is that they never listen. The water was cold, but if anything, it was a welcome relief to the hormonal flashes of warmth I'd been feeling just moments before. He'd danced away from the water, but my words brought him right back again. He caught me anyway, and gave me another one of his sexy little smirks. I told him, and this time I didn't wait for him to make a move. he growled, and brought my mouth back under his. He gushed. Andy Lu was that over-achieving, all around, golden boy. Andy was the Senior Class President, Captain of the Soccer team, Chief Editor of our school news paper, and most likely the Valedictorian of our graduating class. I grumbled. Sunny. I tried making up nicknames for myself. I asked Andy. This time irritated. Andy tried coaxing me. I'm not an ice queen. I watched as my ex-boyfriend slid his arm around her waist and gave a kiss on her cheek. They were kissing. Don't get me wrong. Andy's voice broke in. I asked him. The boy name Cade Linston was well on his way to being handsome. She kept her eyes on his figure, and then suddenly, he stopped. And the tears never stopped. The world tells us not to judge a book by its cover. Yes, my family is what you, the bourgeoisie, the very stomach of America, would refer to as 'the blue bloodsHey, how's the weather up there"? Now, as you are reading this, you probably picture me to be one of those rebellious vegan, punk-rock 'black sheeps' of the family, the type who usually write stories like mine. As I sit down to write this on my computer, I am reminded that all good stories begin with 'Once Upon a Time'. Once upon a time, my father, Richard Thomas the Third, married my mother Rebecca Spencer (of the Julian Spencers, Esq). Angela, or Angie as she calls herself, still was not the boy hoped for but somehow this fact didn't seem to anger my father as my own arrival had. When I was nine, the long awaited heir to the Thomas fortune was produced by way of my youngest brother, Richard Thomas the Fourth. Do I sound bitter? Once upon a time. Someone shoot me. Ugh. Excuse me? We just haven't met each other yet. She just gives me this smug smile, perfectly convinced she's got me. Ever since Patrick (who I'm starting to believe was put unto this earth for the solitary purpose of being the bane of my existence) decided to go out with a junior while going out with me non-exclusively (WHY do people always overlook such facts? The blonde shrugged, satisfied for the moment. Actually, the term is used loosely. High school life can never be complete without the brainless, heartless Barbie and Ken. But I digress. I'm not saying I'm the nicest, as that would be an outright lie, and because I do tend to let my father's money get to my head, but there are others far worse than I. We're all bitches and hags in our very obnoxious way, but we're pretty much humane still. If anyone asked me who the prettiest senior is, I would answer without hesitation: Shanna Peters. Why me? Honey-blonde hair in waves framing delicately the high cheekbones and heart-shaped face dominated by her large violet eyes, she's beautiful all right. Melissa glanced at me then smirked. I informed them. I was met with skepticism. I murmured against his lips. I stared at the girl who descended on me the second I rounded the corner like the psycho I suspect her to be. She's not the classic definition of beauty. She blinked. This was Adrienne Clarke all right. I shook my head and turned away. She started following me after grabbing her bags. Kid? I like her eyes. Her eyes were the color of sherry again. I felt her tugging on the sleeve of my shirt, but I didn't turn. I paused. If I knew falling in love was enough to transform him from a grouch into Mr. Kind and Caring, I would have set him up eons ago. Which reminds me. Waiting. Clare piped up when we made it to the kitchen. I was saved from giving her the no-boyfriends-until-the-next-Ice-Age lecture by the sound of the doorbell. He was one of those broody, silent yet dangerous types. Unperturbed, I gave him my best hostess smile and motioned him in. We stood in the hallway shuffling our feet and staring awkwardly at each other trying to figure out what to say. Wow. Silence. I added weakly. I inhaled deeply. he scowled. He stared at me like horns had just grown out of my head with little bells on the end that jingled to Christmas Carols every time I moved. I rolled my eyes. Which is why I have made it my lifelong ambition to see my two best friends happily married with twins by the time we're thirty. But hey! I guess that explains why I was currently masquerading as a unique cross between the Spanish Inquisition and Sherlock Holmes, attempting to reduce Toby to a babbling mess about his eternal love for Charlotte. Charlotte – walking towards restroom occasionally stopping to do that cute hair-flipping thing (that makes me look like I'm gravitationally challenged every time I try it) just in case Toby's looking. He clambered back onto his seat and feigned nonchalance. I leaned in close to whisper conspiratorially. He glanced at me briefly, distracted (by what I wonder? Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you a key example of self-denial:  he muttered, looking stressed. I responded with raised eyebrows. He glared. I sighed. he answered quickly. I replied chirpily. I stood there stumped for a moment before my creative genius kicked in. I added gesturing towards the door ten metres away. I quickly darted in the direction of my house before she asked when I last watched an episode of Oprah (i. A familiar voice behind me caused me to jump and hit my head against a branch. he muttered. I turned my attention back to the lovebirds. He stepped closer and craned his neck to get a peek at the screen of my video camera. He raised an eyebrow. I opened my mouth to retort when I remembered something Daniel mentioned before about how Brooke and Christian's parents divorced when he was fourteen. The second he mentioned the word's 'strawberry cupcake' every single one of my taste buds went berserk. He shot me the kind of look one usually reserves for people who do the Macarena naked on top of a McDonalds counter during lunch hour. I muttered, voice dripping with sarcasm. He half-smiled. He trailed off looking embarrassed. I prodded gently. He took a deep breath and refused to meet my probing gaze. He sighed exasperatedly. Oops. Aw. And okay, the fact that the he was asking me for advice on the girl of his dreams who was most definitely not me stung – just a little. He relaxed slightly and the edges of his mouth tipped up into a resemblance of a smile. I know, I know. All this suspense, all this heart ka-thumping, and he couldn't tell me? He smiled. Our eyes met. I grinned and tsked. He puffed out his chest a little looking pleased. He glowered. Which was kind of why Christian's torso was hanging half-way off my couch, his long legs (yes, I'm jealous. he declared. Surprisingly, hanging out with Christian was fun. A minute went by, and then another. Disappointment was rudely shoved aside by anger and confusion. Toby smirked and Charlotte shrugged helplessly. I rolled my eyes. Nod. I reached out and pat his shoulder awkwardly. No wonder he likes her. Wait, what? It wasn't one of those dramatic Hollywood kisses – the ones where the guy grabs the girl by the shoulders and drags her body against his; practically devouring her poor face like some kind of wild beast. He broke away and brushed the pad of his thumb lightly across my bottom lip. I knew he was trying to gauge my reaction. I slid off the desk and took a step back, swallowing hard. I felt like I'd just made the biggest mistake of my life. Daniel: Hey dimwit! Random Individual: What did you do? Me: (insert word that starts with 'f' and rhymes with puck) I like him. Sadly, God was clearly watching So You Think You Can Dance at that time and none of my prays were answered because Christian opened the door. I widened my eyes and pointed frantically at the empty space behind Christian's right shoulder. I huffed. Alright then. Poke. He opened his mouth and my heart stopped. Not quite the response I was expecting. I stepped back, stung, praying that I wouldn't cry. He leaned forward and something flickered in his eyes. If I didn't like him so much I'd kill him for putting me through that. I murmured when he broke away. He flashed me one of his euphoria-inducing smiles and my knees buckled. Then I remembered. In a coven of vampires, she's been taken as concubine for easily the most attractive…and irritating vampire there. Marina's attacker growled at the other person, who Marina recognized as another man. The other man hissed at Marina's attacker. Marina turned to face her savior, biting her lip, drawing blood. Marina opened her eyes to find nothing but complete darkness as she sat up, rubbing her head. a voice in the dark said to her. Tristan said quickly as he too got up from the bed and ran after her, getting to her quite fast. a female's voice rang out. Hope you liked the first chapter. The Rabbit Hole may not be distributed in any way, including posting to FictionPress and all other websites without Penelope P.'s written permission. She preferred older. Older men always had softer hands than younger ones. She smiled and tipped her head until her lips were just a whisper from his. Butterfly said. When she placed her hands on his shoulders and pressed an easy kiss to his chin he jolted. He said again and moved her over to sit on the bed. He ran his hands through his graying hair. For some reason it made her feel disgusted that he even offered. He opened his mouth to urge her, but stopped. She wasn't too young, well not her in her mind. He said. After he closed the door silently behind him, Butterfly stared down at the money on her lap. She walked to the door and into the hallway. Butterfly placed her hand on his shoulder and brought herself up onto her toes when he turned to her. He smirked and then raised an eyebrow questioningly, as if my answer wasn't enough for him. We were in our creative writing class at the moment, forced together as partners for the day. I clenched my teeth together in a desperate attempt to maintain my composure. Not that he was perfectly handsome or anything. Still, there seemed to be quite a few girls who were madly in love with him, not just because of his dark looks, but also because of his personality. And even though his arrogance drove me up the wall, even I had to admit that his self-confidence was weirdly alluring. I knew I looked insane. Sadly, this was true. His demeanor changed. Suddenly, the bell rang. Not only was Jack being serious for once, but he had dragged me into a dark, empty room. I moved past him towards the door, and surprisingly, he didn't stop me. I looked up at him and was shocked to see that Jack too was turning bright red. He looked angry. I blinked. a voice suddenly called. Jack looked at me, and I stared back. Jack glanced at me. It was movie marathon day, and I was on my way back to the basement. I had to get away. He was just being polite, I told myself. I really did care for him. And it was true. Matt was just being considerate. I headed inside the house, glancing around. There was no answer, so I started to go up the stairs. It was small and messy. I froze. The thought hit me like a sudden blast, and I was taken aback by it. There were a lot of pictures of him with his parents. The photo in the center seemed familiar, and I noticed a girl with blonde hair in it. She wasn't even wet or disarrayed. Then, something in that photograph caught my attention. I was in disbelief. All of a sudden, I realized why he'd chosen a photo of me where I was in the background. He looked like he was trying not to laugh. Then, before I could stop myself or think about what I was doing, I leaned closer to him and buried my face into his neck. I could tell he was surprised. Jack said suddenly. I stared at him wide-eyed. He was talking about the hug. I pulled away quickly, mumbling something about going inside for a few minutes to stay out of the heat. In a fit of disgust, I spit the bite onto the ground and flung the hotdog as far away from me as I could, jumping up and down and wiping my tongue off in revulsion. There was silence. My voice sounded high-pitched and strange, but Matt didn't seem to notice. Still, I couldn't shake my uneasiness. But Jack did. And despite my constant claims that I couldn't stand him, the truth was that I couldn't stand being away from him. He looked confused but still nodded. I shook my head. No one is perfect. There, I'd said it. I could feel my voice starting to choke, and horrified, I took a deep breath. What if he didn't want me anymore? I was thrown by the sudden question. I couldn't ask him to choose between Matt and me. My heart dropped. I blinked, completely thrown by his words. And even though he had just insulted me, I couldn't bring myself to be annoyed. I didn't answer; instead, I leaned in and kissed him with everything I had in me. Was it so hard for him to believe that I returned his feelings? An expressionless mask fell over his face, and he quickly let me go. It was finally time to throw myself out on a limb. Before, with Matt, I knew that I would pick mustard over him, any day. So much for my anonymous good deed. First and foremost, you have to understand that the last thing I wanted was to become a national hero. So when a little girl stepped out into the street in the middle of a presidential motorcade, I figured I'd hold her back and make sure she didn't get run over. she shouted. I muttered to myself. The next part you've already seen, I'm sure, which is quite helpful for me because I'm still a little fuzzy on the details myself. There was a deafening ringing in my ears and the rare winter sunlight shined right in my eyes, so I had to squint to see the little girl properly. I asked in a thin whisper. The girl stirred at the sound of the cry. You've seen what happens after that. For example: 24-hour updates as to my medical condition? And don't even get me started on the flowers. But anyway. I turned my bleary-eyed gaze toward my mother. I glanced at the doorway and noticed a vaguely familiar figure walking into the room with a bouquet of lilies. I said resignedly as I pulled another tissue from the table at my bedside. she shouted as she ran into the room. It was not a question and Alana seemed to sense that. He turned to leave and my eyes landed on the bouquet that he left on the couch when he made a grab for Alana. I grinned. Later that day, my best friends Drew and Laney came to visit me. Eventually Drew got fed up with Laney's channel surfing and after a brief scuffle, he managed to wrestle the remote away from her. As we watched, the TV showed footage of the guy who had visited me earlier. I knew I had seen him somewhere! She was right. I can't remember when I realised it. I never or will have any illusions about him. But I know that what I see is only the light. I long to stroke his cheek to kiss a trail of kisses along his jaw. I feel tears pricking at my eyes. A while ago I used to watch out of the window longing to escape, to run across the fields. Sometimes he speaks to me other times he is silent. However he is far too irrational for me to know everything that he is thinking. That's what is worse how can I love a man who killed the only other man I love. When he returns I am dressed in a light coloured dress. I say truthfully. haven't even got to the right door yet and my hands are sweating. New city. what it is. problem though. inside. moving here. is. into me. out my yellow fleecey blanket. up. room before pushing off it with an annoyed, big-brother look. ice pack. Pete. reason to be spooked. David. slowly. really. leaves me feeling foolish. "I'll. Took. why. a wimp. Tookey turns to Ryan again. get to it, yeah? introduction. him to fold out my own sheet. tell me mother that. eighteen times. Author's note: Something I whipped up when I was bored. Oh, God. Hopelessly, I put my pencil down and took a deep breath. I said, putting a hand over my heart. He grinned dazzlingly and wrapped his arms around me in the familiar hug I've always felt safe in. I muttered against the crook of his neck. He didn't need to know that I was actually too busy missing his ass that I hardly picked up my pencil and memorized any formulas. I stopped that train of thought and sighed, just leaning against him. he drawled, pulling back to look at my face. He raised his eyebrows. He swooped down, grinning and had me locked in his arms. Brandon suddenly swooped me up. He stopped walking and kissed me, hard on the lips. I started. Sighing, I just leaned against his chest and I heard him let out a breath. My grin fell. I relaxed in his arms and closed my eyes. He growled under his breath but said nothing else. I didn't doubt him. My eyes twinkled. he muttered under his breath as we approached a secluded area. I said in matter-of-fact tones. I rolled my eyes. Brandon and I have been dating for a steady eight months. Brandon Montgomery. I smiled. My eyes snagged a certain small red head staring at the pool. I asked gently. Five minutes later, we got out of the pool. I flushed. He looked over my shoulder, his expression faraway. My jaw dropped. He let out a breath, his face still troubled. That was all we said before we drove to my house silently. I immediately pushed that thought away and focused on the scenery. The bell rang and we stood up. Breanna—Bree, she preferred—came three days ago, and I hardly saw Brandon. Not really. I wanted to run. I can almost picture them standing in front of each other, staring but averting their eyes when they catch each other's gazes. Unconsciously, I found myself holding my breath. I muttered under my breath, trying to ignore the growing ache in my chest. I cleared my throat quietly and sniffled, pushing his words to the back of my mind. I smiled quickly and put a finger to my mouth. I said hastily. I casually walked down the corridor before I turned the corner and broke into a dead run. He didn't have a smile, which was strange. Jonnie abruptly stopped. Okay, I guess he didn't want to. Only to discover that I couldn't move. Okay. I stood there for five minutes before inhaling and turned around. I folded my hands on my lap and gave her a brief summary on his life and his feelings. I glared. I did though. I frowned. I whirled around and saw him walking towards me with a determined expression. I gasped, whirling around to automatically glare daggers at him. I opened my closed my mouth in complete disbelief. It was painfully quiet before he suddenly pulled his hand back and punched the wall, right beside my head. I stifled my laugh and sighed. he said by means of explanation. he said amusedly, but beneath those humoured eyes, I noticed the uncertainty. he said immediately. I shifted against him, my skin on fire. I felt guilt twist in my stomach and I leaned my chin on his shoulder. I looked away. He was silent as well. he pointed out innocently. I felt my eyes start to fill up with tears and choked on my laugh when I saw panic rise to his eyes. I stared at him before laughing and smacked his arm lightly. Me? I followed the latter until we were out of earshot. Stricken, I tried not to feel the almighty pound of guilt. But she was shaking her head. Oh, God. Chapter OneI didn't know when riding in elevators alone became my form of relief. Today, I was in an old elevator in an apartment building on Zubovsky Boulevard in Moscow. This was a simple task, one I had done several times now. My hand found the Russian passport in my coat pocket. The doors opened and I slipped the passport back into my pocket as I stepped out. There came the sound of keys and a lock clicking. She said it so casually as if it was a normal question. I wouldn't be meeting Ivan Krylov anytime soon. I followed her but I didn't care about storage space. It was my job to set up before an operation took place. This particular mission had something to do with an arms dealer. Stepping over a pile of old newspapers, I walked over to the window and squinted to see through the snow. The timeline for this operation was short, so I had no time to play coy. She was delighted. As I stepped into the elevator and the doors closed, I leaned against the wall and gripped the railing tight. The elevator dinged and the doors opened. I was meeting my local contact who had been driving me around the city. The car was parked in a small parking lot near the apartment building. My hand went to my mouth as I made a sound. My breath was coming and going too fast. It had to be something to do with the dealership. The keys weren't in the ignition or in Dimitri's rigid hands. I forced myself to move. There was a figure on Zubuvsky Boulevard standing on the other side of the street near the dealership. My heart was pounding as I abandoned the phone and ran down the street before he could turn the corner and see me again. There was a parking garage ahead of me. I went over to a red Hyundai Solaris and ducked down. The sound of boots slapping the tarmac echoed into the garage. I froze, hand tightening on the gun. I inhaled sharply and Dimitri's face popped into my head. A shot rang out. I was looking up at a brute of a man. I managed. I sent my knee into his crotch. Running around the back of the car, I crouched low and clicked the safety off. I had always wondered if I could shoot someone when it came to it. The man crumpled to the ground. I didn't know who he was talking about. It must have taken him five more minutes to finally slip out of consciousness. The safe house was located a ways out of the center of the city. Once inside, I pressed the button for the fourth floor and watched the doors close. I stepped in and turned around to close the door and lock it again. I blinked, turned around, and walked into the small living room. Sometimes he looked like a little boy with his too-long blond hair and big blue eyes. Thomas Boone, a logistics operative like me, came out of the first bedroom, grinning with a cardboard box in his hands. My fingers went to unbutton my jacket but they felt numb. I blinked up at him and took a shaky breath, meeting his eyes that always confused me. He didn't react and just looked at me. Danny brought me a cup of hot instant coffee and a woolen blanket that smelled like my grandmother's perfume. It was twenty minutes before Boone reappeared, looking more worn than he had before. I followed him into the bathroom. he told me. I leaned back, throwing him a sharp look. He taped the gauze and smoothed it out with his thumb. I nodded and trusted what he said. He turned his back to me to wash out the cloth. He stepped forward. He walked to the doorway. We made it to the airport by five o'clock and separated so we wouldn't be seen together. Even though the plane was stuffy, I wore a big scarf to cover the bruises on my neck. I got up to walk around the plane more than seven times, much to my seatmate's chagrin. I smiled and looked up from the magazine. He gave me a small smile and a meaningful look. He ran a hand over his beard, and then gave me a nod before heading back to his seat. I watched the city lights grow closer as the plane descended into D.C. The captain informed us that it was 2:00am local time. A middle-aged, no-nonsense type of woman was waiting for me, arms crossed on the table. I sat there for an extra minute. Too tired to think any more about it, I walked out of the room, closing the door behind me. It was 3:30am before I was in the elevator in my apartment building. Without turning on the lights, I hung up my coat on the hook near the door. The light flicked on. He raised an eyebrow disbelievingly. He just stared at me, crossing his arms over his chest. I smiled tiredly. It felt like a slap. I went into the en-suite bathroom and closed the door. When I came out of the bathroom, my bedside lamp was on and Ben was on the bed, facing away from me. he asked and came closer. I wasn't going to tell him, not only because I couldn't disclose information like that, but because I feared the way he would look at me. The school cafeteria was packed with enough bodies to make air conditioning necessary, even though the December weather was frigid. The murmurs kept escaping Hannah's mouth as she shoved through, getting a fair share of dirty looks from her peers, but Hannah didn't mind. Hannah's blue eyes narrowed as she peeked where he was pointing to discover that there were no tater tots remaining. Hannah snapped. Hannah spat at him, turning so as to walk around him. Jerking her head away from Jake's hand, Hannah stepped away from him, but, naturally, Jake was only a step behind her. Hannah's mother and Jake's mother had been good friends in high school, and when they'd gone to the same college, they'd become best friends. After Hannah paid for her unhealthy lunch, she walked toward the Dasani vending machine for a bottled water and thought about how she and Jake had always hated each other. It was downhill from there though. Since their birthdays were unluckily a mere fourteen days apart, Jake and Hannah had often celebrated their birthdays together as children. As the years had passed, the feuds became more and more serious. When they were thirteen, Jake started a vicious tale—forget that it was truthful—that Hannah peed her pants when a clown approached her during a shared vacation. That wasn't the half of it, but Hannah's thoughts were interrupted when she plunked her tray down beside her friends'. Ah, Hannah thought. Libby insisted, stabbing her fork into a salad. Tisha remarked dryly. Hannah, Libby, and Tisha glanced at Morgan briefly and then turned their heads simultaneously toward the table the guys were sitting at. Hannah shrugged and devoured a handful of Fritos in what had to be record time. Morgan groaned suddenly, putting her ham and cheese sandwich down on her tray. Libby rolled her bright eyes to the heavens and sighed deeply. Tisha shot Libby a dirty look, but it went mostly unnoticed. The others at the table watched as Hannah tore into the bag, poured the contents onto a napkin, and popped a tater tot into her mouth. Without waiting for anyone to say anything or saying anything herself, Hannah sped away from the table and went to the condiment counter. The guys laughed, and even Tisha and Libby shared a giggle. Enraged, Hannah gathered her belongings in a quick motion and looked directly at Tisha. Hannah's mood hadn't improved by the time she got home after school. Stifling a knowing groan, Hannah's blue eyes flitted to her mother, a woman who Hannah didn't favor very much. Hannah jumped, but both older women laughed lightly. Jake smirked. Hannah snapped to attention, but it took her a few moments to understand the question. Muttering darkly under her breath, Hannah was cursing her brother's friendship with Jake. Hannah gave Jake a dirty look, but a light cough to cover a giggle told Hannah that Diane was the only one who had caught it. Eyelashes were only batted if a trip to the emergency room was required, which hadn't happened since the fateful football game during their sophomore year. Jake explained, glancing at Hannah. Jake thought that she'd only be studying tonight? Oh, don't get me wrong. I guess I hadn't been subtle enough, though, because my target was currently staring at me across the room. Though, he did look really good when he was being this happy. Alright, so that was an exaggeration. I looked at him again. Still, I supposed he looked good enough to warrant such a healthy ego. Speaking of whom had turned back to his friend while I was pondering the intricate mysteries of his blue eyes. I said, mostly to myself, because let's face it – the only reason I was sitting on the couch checking out cute blond-haired, blue-eyed guys was because I was at a party alone. Diagnosis was the first step to finding the cure for the sickness. A couple tequila shots later – okay, I lied, I only had one measly shot – I was living it up as the center of attention of the party. That sounded wrong. Whenever one of them glanced back, I would hide myself behind the nearest lamp-post or telephone pole. They let me follow them for as far as the main entrance of Halls of Residence Fourteen. There was the sound of the metal gate opening and I was mentally congratulating myself on a stalk well done when something happened to send my satisfaction down the drain. Sobering up all of a sudden, I sank to the ground. For some reason, Blue Eyes started popping up everywhere I went. I stared at her. And here came the familiar eye-roll. I threw a pillow at her. I said, with a little bit of wonder. His expression as he looked down on me was a mixture of a smile and a frown. Belatedly, I realized his phone had been vibrating. he divulged, smiling just the slightest bit. I said proudly, then paused. He was smiling, though. He grinned. I was kidding, of course. …Maybe. But he didn't seem to mind that I was monopolizing a little bit of his time almost every day. On our third meet-up, I realized we'd never formally introduced ourselves to each other. On one hand, it was cool that he had a nickname for me. Half an hour and a cup of iced latte later, I was a little drunk on coffee. There was a little silence as he digested what I'd just said. He lounged back in his seat, raising his cup to his lips before he remembered that it was empty. Then we went on another one of our tangents. Or maybe, I admitted to myself with a sinking feeling, the hypothetical mystery girl in this case wasn't so hypothetical after all. I said as the two of them stood up to accommodate my arrival. He trailed off, as if he had no idea how to categorize me. I think that was the moment I felt that little bit of hope in my chest shrivel up and die. I looked at Maddy again. Not that I would even want to. Coward. I was trying my hardest not to look up into his eyes. His tone had lightened considerably. Gosh, why was he so persistent? I made to sound like I was giggling, even though I'd never felt less like it in my entire life. I said loftily, knowing this would make him go away. I did an about-turn and went back the way I'd come from. Of course I would be. Moping around the room could hardly be constituted as 'ruining my life'. She didn't agree, judging by the way she ignored me and barreled on. But my heart still wasn't convinced. He'd once told me he hated being out in the rain. Therefore, I was understandably horrified when I rounded the corner and saw him standing outside the gates of Hall Fourteen. Well, this was awkward. I couldn't stand this anymore. I almost fell over in shock. I watched him go. He spoke harshly, stabbing a finger in my direction. He ignored me. I slowly retracted my hand until the underside of the umbrella was touching the top of my head. Maybe I had been superficial. He was glaring at me. Because, ultimately, the most important thing was for him to be happy. I jumped. He ran a palm over his face, looking like he would like nothing better in the world than to strangle some sense into me. I snapped. I admitted grudgingly. I muttered mutinously. It was… the coldest kiss I'd had so far. It wasn't the most passionate, or the most perfect, or the most skilful kiss I'd ever experienced. I discovered I was also drenched by the time we both ran out of breath and pulled away. As it turned out, he didn't need any advice on how to win a girl over, after all. Certain parts of this story are based off true incidents. I remember it clearly. After the trial, I moved to London. His name was Nathan Taylor, and he was to become the bane of my life. I went to Hertfordshire University and majored in Media Studies in my four years there. It was a year before I graduated that I found the newspaper that would change my life. This shocking revelation could potentially change the world of crime. I can recite it because I read it so much. The day I turned 27 I knew that I wasn't going to have a party. I knew it wouldn't be my mother who would throw me a party. I quickly threw the plastic from my sandwich into the bin (God forbid she would catch me eating) and span around in my chair, grinning. The woman, Paula the receptionist, passed me the heavy flowers with a large grin. My eyes turned back to the hopeful people at the door, and I raised my eyebrows. I slowly tore it open, feeling the tension rise in the room. The room let out a yelp, and I jumped a few feet into the air, before grabbing the wad, and examining the thickness. My eyebrows knitted together, and I felt my stomach lurch. Leather floors? It was on the way home, after doing nothing but contemplating all day, that I questioned the situation some more. The roads were surprisingly empty, and quiet. My apartment wasn't small, but it wasn't a penthouse either, not in the least. But the most striking thing about my whole flat was in the living room. I slumped down in the chair nearest the kitchen door, and softly smiled at the picture. Biting my tongue, I tilted my head, before standing up and walking to my bedroom. I contemplated the card again. Then my mind changed to the magazine, which was out on the first of next month, a deadline that was daringly close, to say I wasn't ready in the least. I woke up on Saturday morning about half past ten. I stood up, and walked to the kitchen and poured myself a strong black coffee. I dragged my lifeless body into the bedroom, flopped on the soft surface of my bed and rolled my eyes back into darkness. I had worked for 'Viva la Diva' for a few years actually, and it wore me straight out. I grabbed a taxi, knowing I wouldn't be able to get into town if my life depended on it, and jumped in, telling him the directions. The bouncer laughed in my face, and I glared. I watched his Adam's apple bob, before he turned to the other guy, tall and muscled, and whispered something into his ear. My words were almost shouted, bringing me the attention of a few drunken couples loitering on the staircase. The bouncer told me to wait where I was, slipping inside and leaving me scared witless outside. He ran down the steps, and left me to my own devices. A stunning brunette sat at the table, a sneer on her pink lips and as she looked me up and down, she reminded me a lot of a girl that I had once gone to school with -she had promptly later tried to wreck my life-. His voice was deep, low, masculine beyond belief, and it scared me witless. Everything went a little bit blurry for a moment, and my brain couldn't register anything anymore. Then something snapped. He whispered so soft that my whole body went hot. He didn't reply, but pressed his lips against mine. I made a run for it, throwing myself from the room, and out of his office, I ran as fast as my feet could carry me down the steps, and down into the club. His whisper was slight, and he turned me around harshly within his grasp, his hands dragging frightfully at my clothes . His grip tightened, and his voice blew over my neck, making all the little hairs stand on end. With one strong, meaningful push, I sent myself careering away from him and onto the cold leather floor. He gently placed his arm around my waist, and ushered me to the curb side. I flung myself around in the car, eyes groping for him. Nathan knew I wouldn't come if it was his name on the card, so would he have used someone else's? The car set off, and I gazed out the window, absorbed in my thoughts. My shaky body managed to carry me up to my apartment, before my knees buckled and I went flying against the doorframe of my flat. It wasn't. I licked my top lip, feeling a bead of sweat on it, and moved across the soft carpet, and landing in a heap on my beautiful sofa. Timeline: Six months after the end of Better TogetherMore than AnyoneBy Templeton21For some reason, the instant Ben and Olivia meet, they hate one another. Her friends teased her for it but Olivia always made lists. She sighed, leaning back in her chair and turning it around so she could look out her window at the surrounding Chicago skyscrapers. She and her best friend, Violet Cross, formerly Littleton before she got married, had been studying in the library for finals before winter break during their sophomore year of college. Olivia looked down at the list in her hand, almost tempted to rip it up and forget about it all for good. Everyone – mainly Violet and their other best friend, Harry, had told her to move on for he would never see her as anything other than a friend but she couldn't help herself. She turned to her computer and clicked on the mail icon, finally giving a small smile upon seeing that Violet had e-mailed her. But she did have something to look forward to. Olivia sighed, clicking the close box and then shutting down her computer down entirely. Her neighborhood was a quiet middle-class one on the northwest side of the city near Wicker Park with rows of two-story brownstone houses lining the streets. It was a silent and dark night. She almost laughed and would have if the pain wasn't so blinding. She sniffled and wiped at her cheeks with her fingers. He looked at her and for a moment, Olivia couldn't breathe. Though she and Ben did not get along, she couldn't deny the fact that he was quite handsome. Ben didn't say anything. And he had indeed. Her spine stiffened at the question, warning bells ringing in her head, telling her to keep her guard up. Ben shifted at the question, as if the topic of her job made him uncomfortable. he said and she nodded. she snapped. He said, almost smiling but controlling himself, secretly hoping he hadn't hurt her too badly by proving his point. The rest of the trip up to her apartment was silent as she only directed him with points of her finger. And she was surprised by how firm his body seemed to be. Ben stopped at her door and waited patiently as she unlocked it. She sighed heavily. Harry shouted through the phone, the noises of Humpy's distinct in the background. He asked and she nodded her head, jumping slightly and biting down on her lower lip as he applied the antiseptic to the cut, cleaning it and making it sting like hell. the next message played. It had been like that for their entire lives. She shook her head slightly. Before she could even open her mouth to respond, he was already gone, closing the door behind him. she said quietly to nothing but an empty, dark apartment. Author's note: due to SO many demands/pleas/requests, I'm re-uploading the very first, original version of this story. The woman dragged herself along the rough ground, clutching the baby to her chest. the woman gasped, pushing the baby into the maid's arms. the woman screamed. She touched the woman tentatively. A/N UPDATE! I like being barefoot better, anyway. I know what you're thinking. But come on. The little mermaid? Sleeping beauty? Beauty and the beast? Sure there is romance (I hope), but I am sorry, it's not in fairy tales. So I try not to think about boys. It's all my hormones fault, is all I have to say. As you can see, my predicament causes me a great deal of inner conflict. All I had was 'once upon a time…' up until today. A/N: Oh, yay. casual 'do, it made her head look enormous. extent. smile. It was moments like these that I hated having a dog. He was a crazy dog that loved to 1) sleep with his tongue lolling out the side of his mouth 2) bark at the sprinklers in our yard while choking on the water and 3) smack himself on the head with the helmet that he stole from my brother. But the worst part is, that even though I knew all these things about him, I was still surprised when he burst into my room and stole the birthday present my best friend – Eva – had given me yesterday. I chased Nacho through the house, out the back door, around the house and to the front. So, when he started running down the sidewalk, making his way to the next street, I was so surprised that for a second I just stood there watching as his ears just flopped over his head. I'll admit, I was sort of tempted to let him go and go back home and announce to my family that he ran away, never to come back. They didn't even try…the least they could have done was take turns with me on walking Nacho. But, back to Nacho. So, there went Nacho and it was a bittersweet moment for me. The whole neighborhood already knew him what with his crazy yapping whenever we went for a walk. Nacho must have been a mind reader because he suddenly stopped and turned to look at me. He kept watching me and then he suddenly lied down on his stomach, my bra still in his mouth but I figured this was a good sign so I took a few more cautious steps. And he took off running again. He rounded the next corner, two streets down from mine, and seemed to gain even more speed. For the first time in my life, I thought that I had an incredible stroke of luck…or maybe someone up there really did like me because Nacho ran past the garage. And, just like moments before when I had thought that I wouldn't have to chase him, Nacho proved me wrong because he turned straight around to face me, ran past me and around the corner and the tree we had just passed, and to the house with the open garage. I stood, rooted to the same spot, barely visible, behind the tree, watching as the guy sat up, and held Nacho by the collar making him sit down. I glanced around, hoping to find my bra but didn't see it anywhere as I stopped at the threshold of the garage. I felt my face contort from embarrassment to horror and back to embarrassment in a matter of milliseconds. He had read it! I hooked my hand around Nacho's collar and pulled. Really, guys are disgusting. I based Nacho off of a dog I had when I was a little kid and yes, he did do those things (the sleeping with his tongue out his mouth, choking on the sprinklers, and smaking himself with the helmet he stole from my brother). A/N: This work is rated M for a reason. Now that that is covered, please do read on. Something was different this evening, though. A slow-burning jolt of energy rippled beneath his skin, causing his eyes to roll shut with the strange ecstasy. He walked slowly through the trees, listening to the sounds of the night. Wryly, he wondered if it was the Acquisition. That alone was part of the irony. But this past century…Aridos shook his head. An unbidden thought came to him, making him wonder what the Acquisition felt like. That he tossed off; it wasn't a matter of her accepting him. Of course, there were always exceptions. It probably wasn't anything. But did that explain this…rush? He'd been through nights of high lust, sometimes needing two or three mortals to cater to his desire. The words of the elder came back to him, words describing the addiction that came with a Bride. Even as he thought it, the power rolled across him again. Never before had he seen an Immortal with a Bride, nor had he heard of one. Aridos had always tossed off the petty rivalry, not much caring. The only hatred he had toward Vesper was for one of the rogue packs. He had walked a long way, and now stood on the rocky slope of a mountain path. Stepping onto level land, hands shoved in the pockets of his black jeans, he paused. God, he really was slipping. And it was then that it hit him. He didn't know where he was, but it looked to be a school dormitory of some sort. Aridos could barely fathom what to do. With slow strides, he brought himself to the bedside of the human. Her eyelids fluttered, and for a horrified moment, he thought she had counteracted his magic. Before he thought better of it, he reached out, strong hand pulling back the covers that covered her. He'd seen better. His hand touched the center of her chest, feeling the vibrations of her heart beat. Knowing it was completely wrong of him, his hand drifted over, smoothing itself over the round flesh of her breast. Without realizing what he was doing, he had leaned over, pressing his lips to the stomach. Heat burst through him like he'd never known, immediately tightening his groin with a sort of physical need he had never before experienced. Knowing he was a depraved son of a bitch didn't help much, but it certainly did not stop his hand from skimming the rest of her form before finally reaching that point, the most heated core of her. he whispered, trying to catch his own breath as pleasure racked him. The thought of another lover suddenly stung his brain, making his lips pull back in a silent snarl. he whispered, closing his eyes. His fingers pushed at the button of his jeans. Something struck him, breaking him of his lust-induced fever. For a moment, he sat there simply straddling her, appalled at what a sick bastard he was. The Immortal slid his hands over the sides of his jeans, trying to bring back some reason. No wonder the Acquisition didn't happen anymore. He took a deliberate step back. No one had ever said anything about just leaving the Bride. He pictured the house his Order was currently staying in, allowing a magic for teleporting to divide his system. Aridos stood before the cottage where his pack was staying. Her head turned to the right, glancing over at Noreen. A shiver passed up her flesh, and she realized that a part of her was still very much sensitive. It was more than an hour later when she finally drifted off. Before anything more is said, one thing needs to be made abundantly clear: nerds turn me on. I was thinking all this while chewing on my pen and staring at Wally. I waved weakly and watched as Wally blushed crimson. We sat down and I pulled out the deli type sandwich my mother had made me for lunch, the fruit smoothie she had blended this morning and an apple, and no, I'm sorry to say, she did not go out and physically pick the apple herself, although I'm sure she considered it. Scene with cross dressing Sebastian (Beginning of Act 4) (this was a treat just for you guys. I might have changed some more things but forgot to list them. However, I don't really think I'm your average narrator. It is common fact that in almost any organization, or any group of people for that matter, there are 'cliques. Everyday I am surrounded by admirers, but I am always alone. Ready for one hell of a story? Hey everyone, i hope all is well with you. Shimmering sapphire eyes scanned the crowd, searching for the lone familiar face in the throng of people that crowded the large ballroom in celebration of Princess Alexandria's successful defeat of Lucinda in the Challenge. Small and petite, Anna was everything that Erica was not, boisterous while Erica was more reserved; delicate while she was rougher around the edges and distinctly feminine while Erica was often called a tomboy. Erica snapped, trying her hardest to hold on to her anger despite the hurt look that had crossed Anna's features. Slipping her arm out of her friend's grasp, Erica smiled before taking a step back. Making his way through the busy crowd Sebastian struggled to reach his brother, constantly apologising as he collided with other bodies between him and his goal. What is going on? No! Yes, you are not stupid. His heart sped up as the wolf's words took root, their meaning becoming clear. Mine. Staring into eyes she could only describe as melted chocolate, Erica began to feel that maybe Anna had had the right idea in bringing her to the gathering. Taking a step towards her, Sebastian smiled. Not noble yet. Her feet now blissfully bare, she eyed the door behind him. She hissed, struggling against his grip. No, we must give her the space that she wants. the link can be reached at my profile. Supergoddess. Airport was, this is going to be the best summer vacation—ever. orgies. life. huh? So here we are once again. It had been several months since his brother had found and claimed his mate and Ryan found that he was suffering as a result of the aftermath. He turned to look into the bright green eyes of the Lord of the South Eastern clan. The large double doors opened and women of all shapes and sizes were shown in. He walked down the stone steps that separated them and approached the first woman in the line. You're telling me. I'm doing all I can. As he walked down the halls, making his way to the exit, he began to disassemble his formal attire, pulling off his tie and undoing the buttons on his shirt. I want our mate! As was tradition, Chloe crept into her father's house on Sunday morning and headed straight for the kitchen to prepare breakfast for her large but culinary incompetent family. Her family had chosen to do neither and the house reflected that decision. Once she was firmly in the kitchen, her hands moved automatically, cooking with the kind of skill that came from years of practise. As she moved about the kitchen she felt a sense of comfort wash over her. The scent of cooking food seemed to draw her family from their beds and the sound of heavy footfalls on the stairs was soon heard. Harry was cut off as his mobile began to ring. Chloe began moving around the kitchen cleaning up the barely eaten breakfast that she had made. This was horrible. I whined, banging my forehead on the table for emphasis. Okay, confession time, try to keep up people. Which is why I'm in this horrible predicament. So what is done about this awkward, potentially flesh-rending problem? I sighed. It was just. I was going to have to screw a stranger. My dad's chair screeched as he pushed away from the table. I looked up at him at that just to make sure he had really said it. We both jumped as my mom came in. There was a loud crash somewhere deep in the bowels of the house and an  Five seconds later, Mom was back, not looking at all disheveled, not even a strand of her white hair out of place. I took in her words. I gagged and got up to throw my waffles away. The thing was being held in the woods, like any good jamboree. Lucas laughed. Once again, I know what you're thinking. I think it was because I had eyes and noticed how I lacked the Adonis-like perfection every wolf but I had. I was also horribly self conscious about my skin condition. Soon—too soon—the car was slowing down. Lucas pulled up to an unfamiliar car that had me salivating. I turned and flipped him off, but parted ways with the sweet car. I said, then pressed my nose against my bag, trying to avoid an incident even though my wolf side felt calmer than it had in a long ass time. I glared at him. I argued. I made a huffy noise in response and then found a nice comfy rock to sit on in the shadows aka out of sight. Werewolves were half human, half wolf. To be honest, I was almost asleep when silence woke me up. The silver glow found me and my human side was bitch slapped to the back of my head. I stood up on white paws splashed with gray, ready to run. A warning growl caught my attention and I remembered what I was supposed to be doing. I found several going off in different directions, none of them catching my interest. The scent ran over my mind like a brain orgasm. I got the general direction of the trail and took off, the sound of my paws hitting the ground was almost like a chant. And then a dark shape was dashing ahead of me. That's when I smelled and. Fuck! I let my wolf form go, or more accurately, pushed it away with all my might. I explained needlessly, out of breath and painfully erect. He shoved his face into the bend of my neck and breathed in deep. He kissed down my neck, each kiss growing more and more aggressive, each nip of teeth harder than the last. Almost subconsciously, I was rocking against him. In response, he grabbed my cock. He clarified. Stupid, obnoxious sunshine woke me up. Fuck a duck! Oh, yeah, we had done the nasty. He shifted in the cool dawn air and I took that as my cue. I scampered as fast as my aches and pains would let me. I just wanted to go home, take a shower (or twelve), sleep, and forget this ever happened. Once I was clothed and shod again, I felt a bit better. Imagine my surprise when I found the parking lot very empty. I swear he checked out my no-no area. He levered himself up to sit on the hood of the car, ducking his head a bit. I pointed out. There are wolf kids that you can pick out to see if they'll be an alpha when they grow up. And I hadn't felt any of this last night. I looked at the space where Lucas' car had been as if I could will it into existence. He smiled, a bright, open smile. He smiled again. I picked up my bag and got in. Well, I knew what I would do. Wasn't last night supposed to fix this? He said a little while later. He admitted, clenching his jaw. We went back to silence after that. I gave him more detailed directions and soon we were in front of my house. I turned and cut him off. Piper shook his head and took off his sunglasses. Oh, god, yes! I pushed Piper away. I got out and ran to my house, not stopping to look back. My dad scared the holy hell out of me. I ignored him and trudged upstairs. I got clean, and no, I didn't end up curled on the floor of the shower, rocking back and forth. And there was fact that he was a guy. Speaking of scents, what the hell had that been? The others had been murmuring quietly to themselves after Maria Jenny, a particularly talkative patient, had began spreading the news that she had seen a boy, about the age of nine or ten, being lead inside. Maria was saying as she hectically twirled a strand of her stringy blonde hair around her index finger. I was sitting around a white table with three other girls, including Maria. Maria babbled, ceasing in her feverish fiddling with her hair. I dropped my head onto the table, pressing my forehead to the cold wood. We went silent, our thoughts going separate ways. Familiar yet foreign stormy blue eyes scanned the room with intensity mimicking a hawk. Exactly like. I absently whispered, breathless. I hadn't seen Lure for two months. I watched as Dr. Lee said something to the small boy and left him, closing the door behind her as she left. The boy looked up and noticed me watching him. Maria suddenly yelled and began frantically waving her arms at the boy, who now looked alarmed. I nervously looked down at my hands and sighed. He looked so much like Lure. Neon? he suddenly asked, looking at Maria insightfully. I bit my lip anxiously when Neon's gaze fell on me. he said at last. Maria said in a chipper tone, sweeping a hand as a gracious gesture for him to sit in the empty seat beside me. Maria looked slightly put off. Neon responded, then went completely quiet. Neon looked uncomfortable. Neon followed me, practically stepping on my heels. I said, shrugging lazily. I visibly stiffened. I gritted out through clenched teeth. Neon's shoulders slumped as he stared up at me with large eyes, and for a moment, my heart turned to mush. I said, then walked off. Uh. Alright, so now he was really scaring me. Sleeping was about the most interesting thing you could do in this place. And I was sane. I had been looking forward to sleeping. Shit. I noticed a new bed had been added to my room, which, I supposed now was  room, not just mine. I heard him murmur irritably. I lay down on my back, not bothering to pull the covers over me. I breathed out a sigh and shifted uncomfortably. I opened one eye to peer at the annoying little boy as he crawled up next to me. It couldn't have been, though. Well, um. I began wiggling feverishly, desperately shrieking in the back of my throat. My gaze fell on the camera in the corner—why the hell wasn't anyone coming? The same feeling of worry and panic shot through me. 4) Use of cliched high school stereotype for both characters, i. Actually, when he really thought about it, unless they were moans of pleasure, any other noise coming out of a girl's mouth were generally quite annoying. In fact, he wasn't a fan of talking, full stop. But he didn't mind playing the Bad Boy for them. He couldn't put a name to her face. But he was looking now. How had he never noticed before? Great. He sighed and looked away from her towards their teacher whose back was turned to them as she wrote a long list of things he was never going to get around to reading. She nodded. She bit her lip again in thought and he couldn't take his eyes off the action. This crazy bitch with a beautiful mouth just rocked his world a little bit and he didn't know why. He wouldn't say she was of his normal calibre. She murmured as she gasped for breath. He stared at her in stunned disbelief and wondered if she was aware she was speaking such rubbish out loud. He opened his mouth to order her to shut up, but she carried on. And sure enough, in her bag, amongst books, papers, pens and what looked to be juggling balls, lay numerous packets of gum scattered amongst her things. She didn't know? Somehow, each day through English class, no matter which desk he changed to, she always found a way to be sitting beside him. There wasn't much Jake could do other than endure it. The guy who was so well known for being such a ruthless asshole was finding it impossible to stare the ditzy blonde in the eyes and tell her to go away. But even that became harder. By the end of that week, he could have sworn he knew everything about her – from the first pet she ever had to the first flavour of ice cream she ever ate. She asked him how he got his black eye, and if it still hurt. She seemed so harmless, despite her ability to talk and talk until he felt his head were about to explode. And therefore, she was no threat to him. That reasoning alone was what allowed him to endure her presence so easily. Blowing bubbles from a plastic tube that hung around her neck. And for some reason, he indulged her. Well, he certainly hoped she hadn't seen him, since the last two lunch hours he'd spent fucking Rachel Wallingham in the janitor's closet. He'd forgotten that Annabel might be waiting for him with his lunch in his own, newly acquired lunchbox, sitting at his table amongst his friends. Jake stared up at Trevor Mackey, a regular drop kick, just like him and the resident drug dealer of Hamilton High. Jake might have questioned her uncharacteristic, brief answers if he didn't catch Trevor's eyes as they took a slow journey down her body and he felt said body curl closer into his in response. His jaw clenched and he realised it was because he was gritting his teeth and he couldn't understand why. His face cleared with understanding. He thought he might have misheard her. He had to look away from her so she wouldn't see the fury written across his face. He noticed she blatantly didn't answer his question. Her brow crinkled in thought and he almost despaired knowing her answer. The very idea that something that seemed so pointless and yet so precious to her could be given with such detrimental consequences and concentrated purpose, almost gave the notion of a first kiss more power. And now he probably just officially cracked those rose-tinted glasses she wore. It was close lipped. This moment shouldn't have meant so much to him. She was just too undeniably sweet. She nodded. And this time, he kissed her like he wanted to. Even if it was cliché, the too good girl finally tamed the too bad boy. A/N: So there you go. Do I need to do a disclaimer thingy over the 'Tinkerbell' name and that it doesn't belong to me? Hey loves! I do, I can't lie. I moved to this silly town about two months ago and have kept myself on the down low. I wouldn't really consider myself popular because I've tried to make sure I wasn't. I growl grabbing my book bag, purse and jacket. I say and that's all true, everyone knew me and everyone loved my personality but I mean I really didn't have boyfriends lined up. I smile leaning up kissing his cheek as we head to the car. I hear and turn from my locker to see Molly running down the hall towards me. I met her as soon as I moved here; she lives about six houses down from mine and is just great. I tell her and yeah I know I could just take the car go home and come pick him back up but I find it pointless. Ugh I just want to scream. he calls but I just look over my shoulder to see where their coach is, because their coach is scary I do not want him to yell at me for being on his field. You see, he is seventeen almost eighteen and I am seventeen also, we aren't twins and look nothing alike. Now Maxie is tall, like super tall, 6'3" to be exact, he has buzzed black hair and dark, dark brown eyes. I inform him and Max just lets out a small snicker, well Max and his other friend that I look up and see is the all mighty Colton Wells. he grins and seriously what the hell is did he just say to me? I smile proudly grabbing his jacket pulling it on and seeing him laugh with an eye roll. I try not to notice Colton but it is kind of hard. I mumble to myself as I scrip on my notebook but then the urge takes over and of course I look. And I will agree with that last statement, his body is like made for a uniform. he questions pushing off the wall and walking over to me but I just turn around to fix my makeup, or play with my hair whatever just so I don't have to actually look him in the face, because this whole scene kind of freaks me out, but at the same time it's like I don't even know how to explain. I tell him stressing the word don't, yet he seems to just let out a chuckle. I kind of shrug pushing past his arm heading over to the door but I feel his strong hand slip into mine pulling me back into him. he fakes a pout casting his eyes down at my lips before looking back at me and this whole thing whatever it is that is taking place is confusing me. A/N: Hey guys! To bring you up to date, my name is Sandra Hennesey and I'm seventeen years old. I layed sprawled out on my bed surrounded by un-packed boxes while my cousin Kylie who has lived here her whole life tried dragging me to some party. I heaved a sigh and sat up, leaning back on my elbows to look at her. I muttered to myself. I made my way through the sweaty kids until I reached the kitchen which had a little bit more room to move. My head snapped up as I heard the slurred words coming from some guy standing in front of me. I scoffed and rolled my eyes. I was not going to let some guy I don't know get too close when he was clearly strongly intoxicated. Now I won't go into too much detail because I'm really not that fond of my actions. I hate mornings. He said as if he could hear my thoughts. I replied back tiredly, not really thinking about what I was saying. I stood there in my pyjamas, hair a mess, staring straight into the face of him. I rolled my eyes, not feeling intimidated the slightest bit. His friend added in. Troy said with the same annoying smile Lucas had on. The two of them sat there with the smirk still plastered on their faces. He grinned. I groaned and suddenly wished I was back home in California. No one ever said it would be this hard. I rolled my eyes and leaned down to grab my Chinese coin purse that I had kicked under my bed the night before and paused when my eyes connected with a ring. Angie gave me a small, sad smiled and then quickly nodded her head,  Angie announced almost twenty minutes later. I think I'll keep it to myself that all the dreams are about kissing Thatcher. Angie cracked up laughing and I followed suit, which is how we entered our college. I zoned out until he called my name and then went shoving through the group to get my name tag. My head quickly jerked up and I looked around our group quickly. Obviously he applied here, but that doesn't mean that he was actually going to show up. Came a deep, smooth voice that I immediately recognized. I whispered. Um, I hope you enjoyed this first chapter! Author's Note: I am slightly embarrassed that I wrote this. And many, many hearts and cookies and loves to Mae and Quinn. In the past fourteen days, he had been rejected a grand total of five times. But alas, there was a twist to every story, and his was no exception. He didn't like to think himself particularly dense, but what. But Carter couldn't concentrate on what Ms. Fuentes was saying, or what his friends were whispering. A month ago, he never would have imagined himself in this position. She wasn't sexy like Avery Wilkinson, or hot like Mandy Carruthers. She hadn't really changed in the five years he'd known her. As the days passed, he found himself suddenly listening, actually listening to what she was saying whenever she raised her hand, or when she made a presentation. He had always known that she was smart, but hearing all of her thoughts and comments, he realized just how intelligent she was. And she was funny. Since then, he hadn't cared about trying to hide his interest in her. He coughed, covering up the smile that his mouth was curving into. It annoyed him that Akemi thought what he and Selina could have was only good enough for a quote-unquote relationship. Since the age of three, girls had been chasing him. He didn't need the best friend to do the wooing. He distributed his weight more evenly on both feet and flexed his shoulders and back. Why couldn't Selina have liked something normal? A tap came on his back. Watch out, Selina Sorrentino. He had been exposed to so many clichés that his head hurt. Yeah. Oh, look. He pressed a couple of fingers into his eye sockets, hard enough to see stars. He was underestimating himself. He didn't stop until he reached the office. His heart was pounding like he just ran a one mile penalty lap. Across his chest, he held the stack of white cardboard he'd worked so hard on the night before. Balancing the stack in one hand, he used his other to readjust his uniform. He should have told her to come naked. He had to stop doing that. This was probably his first time wearing his uniform in full gear outside a game or a pep rally. He could spot her from the way her elbows locked when she stuck her hands in her pockets. If she turned away now, it would be the end. Silently, he dared her to move forward. Upon reaching the twenty yard line, the second set of lights flashed on. It felt like seconds. Her small feet shuffled forward, one yard at a time. Was she surprised? Left and right, the third and final lights came on, illuminating the entire field and the girl who was approaching him. He smiled. Then suddenly, he didn't know what happened. The words came out croaky and phlegmy. care. his. she said simply. now, I have to go. on! know Deacon. what the hell are you doing? forget about it? go home. no. ridiculous. If you like my writing, keep an eye out for my upcoming full-length story. Which, in her righteous opinion, was a completely misguided hatred. He'll end the class with a pollination joke. A little less enthusiastically, he finished,  Ew, she thought, inappropriate. She paused for a moment, almost confused by the words; though she was sure she was reading it clearly. As the bell struck three, and as she was putting her books away, the words caught her eye again. What makes you think that? She spent the rest of the period staring down at the words she had written in counter, and at the loopy writing, whose owner had guessed her gender simply by her handwriting. Come seventh period, she slipped into her seat, eyes immediately sliding down to desk. That's true. For two weeks, this continued. He didn't reply the next day, or the day after. On the third day, she was just angry. Was she obsessing? Halfway through the period that third day, she (and the rest of the class) glanced up from their notes to the classroom door swinging open. A voice shouted from behind him; he was still smiling at her, to which she found herself smiling back. he replied cheerily, his voice sounding exactly how she'd pictured it. That was odd, she thought, though she still felt giddy. Hi, sorry it took me so long. Anyway, sorry if I embarrassed you any, but I really couldn't take it anymore. (Meet me after school today in the parking lot? And that was it. Chapter 1: Meeting HerThis really wasn't Kevin's kind of party. And he knew he wouldn't have much fun anyway, since he couldn't drink, or get stoned, or even stay up late. It was in the living-room – the front door finally in sight – that he saw her. Also, she seemed familiar, somehow. Someone called out to her -  - and as she turned to see who was calling her name her eyes met his. Oh my god! The second-string quarter-back on the team. Oh, this was too good to pass up. Kevin was a little taken aback by Dani's matter-of-factness about it. Dani narrowed her eyes thinking about it. Seeing her like that - her back to him, tensed up, making fists of frustration - Kevin actually thought to himself She's so CUTE! All right, so jock-boy isn't a total moron. Dani wasn't really looking forward to this, but she was kind of stuck for any better ideas. Kevin sighed. Wait a minute, what the hell was he thinking? Really, this was a weird situation. she said dejectedly. Kevin said. As he reached for the shifter, he spared a glance at Dani's legs as she sat on the passenger side. But Kevin would not. She really had been having a good time, before Kevin showed up. Dani would rather have been a girl. Just to be able to talk to boys, flirt with boys, have boys flirt back. He wasn't saying anything she hadn't heard before, in her own head, from herself. The word  was hitting her hard, though. Did she? Now, that was all over. Tears began to well up as she imagined the things that were going to happen. Everybody but his older sister. Yeah, she supposed she was a freak. Oh, god. Which only made her feel even more freakish than ever. Kevin was caught off-guard. Christ. Kevin said, turning his attention back to driving. Dani blinked. Kevin said, trying to change the subject. He pretended to find something fascinating in his outside rear-view mirror. bummed"? who squealed in locker rooms? the hell do you think your doing"? do you think your doing? Warnings: There is Slash, Yaoi, guy on guy how ever you want to put it in this story! When did my finger nails get so dirty? How was I supposed to fucking deal with this? He clutched at his chest. I pushed him off. I ignored him. Salem was the new kid at our school and in the year ahead of us (we're juniors) an Danny was completely justified in calling him an ass. I let out a long breath. Relief filled his brown eyes. I snorted. I muttered. he said gruffly coming to stand in front of us. We moved. Walking through the door into the locker room I remembered my initial problem when the class began. I stared at my hands again. Danny slapped the back of my head again. He grabbed my arm when I had the towel firmly wrapped around my waist. Danny was shaking me. I stared at him a moment before obeying. Rushing out of the shower though is a horrible idea. Salem demanded. one of his lackeys asked. Danny just smiled and continued to drag me away from him. he said assuming the same pose as me. If you want a copy of the story just PM me or write me an e-mail and I'll send it to you. AUTHOR'S NOTE: I'm so excited to announce that VANDROPHOBIA now has 9 illustrations to accompany the story! My name is Lira Treviso. I have a phobia, well, it's not a true phobia and it doesn't have a real name. Like the type of beautiful where they could probably dress up as a woman and be just as incredibly good looking. I don't know how this fear developed. First, I freak out. Next, I become hypnotized. Which is disgust. And then, finally, I combust. Luckily there aren't very many in the world, but when I arrive at school the next day a very pretty boy is in my class. this? exclaimed. his bride. know. desperately scanning the vicinity for signs of…. I groaned, rubbing my temples as I desperately sought to grasp inspiration for an assignment due in less than 24 hours. I mean, who was the fool that dared to invent stereos? As Josh had conveniently decided to have a pool party with all the so-called (and self-proclaimed)  at my school right on the afternoon before my English assessment, I could not stomp my way to his mansion and promptly shove his stereos into his stupidly large pool without becoming a social road kill. All in all, marching over to Josh Mitchells' would effectively disintegrated my High School Social Strategy of Survival, one that I had proudly and painstakingly perfected over the years: . My house was, despite recent renovations to the kitchen, bathrooms and garage, primarily 1920's. The Mitchells had moved next door about two years before I was born, so they had a modern design fashioned, , of course, by the best architect that money could buy and with the best materials that money could buy. At the thought of praying, I looked back on the piece of paper in front of me and was inexplicably sad to find that I had only written four lines in the past 45 minutes. Okay stop procrastinating and concentrate on the problem! Yes! No! Wait! Furiously, I wrenched open the curtains and glared at the congregated group that basked near the pool. Josh Mitchells had removed his shirt and was only wearing board-shorts. Just as I was about to tear my eyes off him, Josh Mitchells suddenly looked up. And toppled off my chair. But this story is mine. Cait rolled her eyes. I poked her skin. Hip hip hurrah. Well . Before I could tell her to write his name on something that wouldn't potentially kill me by leaking toxins into my skin, she scribbled his name down. I told her I would but I had no intention of doing so. (I also come up with terrible analogies often relating to food. The answer is yes. The rest of class passed by uneventfully. Finally the bell rang. My university campus is terrible in the winter, but wonderful in the Spring. Unfortunately it seemed that every other student had the same idea as I did. I sat down on the bench, as far away from him as possible. I grabbed my lunch out of my bag. Permanent ink. My noise alerted the man next to me of my presence. What a cocky asshole. I rolled my eyes. He ignored me for the most part. I jumped in my seat when my butt began to vibrate. As I walked up the huge hill to my dorm my mind slipped to my new job. My uncle specifically told me to dress nice. My uncle is my mother's brother, which makes him a traditional Filipino. I tossed my bag onto my bed and grabbed a banana from the shelf. I heard a small click, then the light on my cell phone died. Never less I didn't want to be too late on my first day of work, so I quickly grabbed a grey vest from my closest and slipped into my black stilettos. He sped off before I could ask any more questions. Have I forgot to mention this sweet perfection? I have yet to meet him, but my instinct says he's gorgeous. I tried to come up with questions to ask him as I walked downstairs to get coffee. That sparked my interest. I couldn't tell whether or not Andrei believed me because I turned on his heels and walked off. So instead I muttered under my breath the entire way back to the office about men and how ridiculous they look in suits. I asked. Oh. It wasn't until I saw his jaw drop open that I remembered our predicament. I began to spatter off nonsense. I flopped into my chair and spun it around several times. While I was playing solitaire I felt my desk vibrate. Party tonight at my place. I wouldn't be bringing her any alcohol, but I figured I could go to the party. The rest of the day passed slowly. The corner of his lips twitched. But this was the first time I had made him smile. A small tingle went down my back. We walked and talked for fifteen minutes before I realized we were both going in the same direction. A strange look covered his face. He looked me up and down. I looked down at myself. I looked up at him. Andrei threw his hands up into the air and walked past me. He pulled out a piece of paper from his pocket. He crinkled the paper up and threw it at my head. That didn't really surprise me. Andrei grunted in response, pushing his jacket into his bag. They wouldn't get stuck. Truth be told, Andrei had once again placed himself on my  list. Andrei abruptly turned around, surprising me. My mouth dropped open. Huh. I had completely forgotten about Cait's crush on Andrei. I darted through the door before he could ask anymore questions. I yelled. I heard the toilet flush. When the door was firmly locked I turned towards the mirror and patted my hair down. I winced. Caught in the act. An hour later I was bored, lonely, and still hungry. I know what you're thinking. And you're right. We all sat in an oblong circle on the various chairs and couches. I shook my head and mouthed  but it was too late. Andrei totally backed me into a wall, figuratively and literally. My hands were roaming the wall, searching for something to do. He placed his hand above my shoulder and leaned towards me. His touch sent a wave of fire throughout my whole body. A group of people were walking towards us. I pushed my way through the crowd and onto the balcony. He wasn't given a chance to respond. The guy pulled her back inside, muttering lies and excuses under his breath. He rolled his eyes and leaned up against the balcony. he said. He took another step towards me. Any other girl would have let him kiss her in a situation like this. But I kept thinking back to Cait. I said. I walked past him and slid through the door. My eyes snapped back to the couple making out. Cait would not make out with Michael. Total whore, if you know what I mean. Cait's face lit up with recognition. It was true. Andrei led me outside. Excuses swirled through my head. I didn't know why I felt the need to back out of a date. I didn't need to wonder very long. He walked to the side and pulled out his cell phone. He cannot just say that we're going out. He took another step forward. Andrei grabbed me around my waist and hoisted me from the stairs to the ground. AN: Weirdest one shot ever? I'm trying to do this thing where I'm going to link all of my one-shots into one world. Anyway, tell me what you think. Update October 3, 2012:So, I thought I should finally get around to saying this. What I am going to do is leave a blanket warning: This story romanticizes abuse, controlling behavior, kidnapping, and assault. Hello! Summary: Set in a Prep School, this story revolves around the integration of demon students into the human student population. Melean Prep was not known for being well meaning, or generous. Melean was also unashamed to be part of the clichéd competition of High School Football. Actual learning, schooling and education of any sort came second to the social climbing and ravaging gossip that spread through the school like wildfire. There was one thing that BFAPM was ashamed about, and that was the much-hated P. Marshall Scholarship. Melean itself was a beautiful school, with large grounds surrounding it. Headmaster Thomas was thirty-five, quiet and well kept. Headmaster Thomas took a moment to decide whether he would explain his true feeling over the matter, or stick to the obvious bullshit that BFAPM had told him to say. The intruder was Doug Vollander, Demon liaison for the Demon Student Integration Administration. Vollander simply smiled, shook his head slightly, as if Remm had said something endearingly silly, and said  It was at this moment that Ms. Prevall decided to take action and save poor Headmaster Thomas. The silence that took his place was deafening. maybe a little younger, was sitting in the corner of the elevator, which very admittedly struck me as. honest. her face was lightly freckled. lips were shapely and pink, and she looked like one who could've had a killer smile. That didn't have to include his floor, though. reputation for being a  boyfriend. Really quickly. the same, i. floor. yeah. hell happened? knew it. A/N: I wanted to wait til Friday to post. Private school. Evelyn Rankin shuddered in disgust. Realistically, she knew the truth. And personally Evelyn was pleased with herself as she was. Fall? Evelyn gingerly laid a hand on the car door, which promptly stuck with rust. Evelyn's eyes danced around furtively. Evelyn bit back icily, her voice sounding harsh and defensive, even to her. This man screamed 'axe murderer' or 'rapist. Evelyn snapped haughtily, turning slightly pink around the collar,  She clambered off in embarrassment dragging the clunky suitcases behind her. Evelyn didn't dwell on it. She glanced up and stopped, sighing in relief. Her eyes lightened a tinge in anticipation as she approached the gate entrance. Barefoot and perturbed, Evelyn trudged through the metal detector. Evelyn snatched away the purse and shuffled away feeling completely violated. Whistles and howls sounded from across the terminal and both girls, one amused, one slightly bewildered, turned to see what was causing the commotion. Ominous? She gripped her armrests automatically. I can do this, it'll be easy. She most definitely was frightened for her life, positive she would die. But what's the point in living life if you don't take risks? It was an old dream, one of shadow and night. Her pursuer was silent. For a moment, speed burst through the aching muscles of her legs, and she flew through the dark, wind lashing her face. Her foot struck uneven ground. Then he was there, the Pursuer, the Unknown. Kelsey jerked awake. She'd fallen asleep, fallen asleep driving—! Her teeth clicked together, and she jerked the wheel hard to the right, slamming her foot on the brake. The car skidded to a stop. With a strangled sigh, she raked her fingers through her short hair, pushing the dark strands off her suddenly chilled forehead. She stared into the dark outside the car. Kelsey laughed aloud, ignoring the bitterness that echoed back in her ears. She reached over to the glove compartment and pulled out the New Jersey/Pennsylvania road map she'd bought at a gas station in Manhattan before leaving. She clicked on the overhead light and studied the map. She tossed the map onto the passenger seat, where it landed jumbled, and turned off the overhead light. As she eased the car back onto the road, she turned the radio on, hoping the noise would keep her alert. Almost immediately, as if it had been waiting there for her all along, Kelsey saw a gap in the trees, dark like the entrance to a cavern. she muttered, easing off the gas as gravel crunched under her tires. Kelsey kept the Civic at a creep, wary of the sharp twists. Kelsey turned up the drive, turning off the radio and pressing a little harder on the gas to make it up the steep incline. She parked the Civic beside a big green SUV. Kelsey's body jerked at the sound of the drawled words, her breath catching even though she knew logically who must have spoken. Kelsey had never met Gideon Summers, but she had seen him once last summer when his tour had brought him to Long Island. Abruptly, the instant was gone, and Kelsey found herself once more in the noisy backstage hallway. Now, as Gideon stepped away from the cabin wall, Kelsey saw that he couldn't have looked more different than he had that day. Yet still there was something in his eyes, a chill in the silver—the silver that must only have been gray, really. She didn't have to. His Louisiana accent was more pronounced than she'd expected. That wasn't what she'd been thinking ten minutes ago, but now… Gideon had a voice like good bourbon. She didn't quite know how to respond to that. Even through the suede shoulder of her jacket, Kelsey felt the warmth of his hand. . PLEASE READ: Hey everyone! Eryn impatiently tapped her fingers on her Walkman. She stood up, crawling over the girl with the nice-new iPod and her mom into the isle. She was on a pretty busy street, with shops lining each side. The girl looked at her from over her computer and asked her to wait as she disappeared into the back room. She said, pointing to a bench by the window. The cab driver looked at her over his glasses,  he asked. When the driver told her they were there, she wasn't sure. Eryn was amazed at what she saw around her. About that time the first building came into view. Eryn gulped. Unlike her school back home with a hard bench and old wooden desk in the office, this office had several fine, plush chairs made of black leather. Eryn had to walk quickly to follow this woman as she led her behind the desks and into another hallway and to a door labeled 'Head Mistress'. Eryn nodded, thanked him and grabbed her bags, heading toward her new home. It was a Sunday, early in the morning, so she wasn't surprised that it was empty. When she found room 124 she carefully read the names: Luna, Albany and Raichel. Eryn was greeted by a tall, thin girl with two buns sticking wildly up from her head. Eryn shrugged off the weird feeling of not being at home and studied her surroundings. End of chapter one. Hello, this is Ryan's friend Tara and I'm co-writing this story with him. Marcella held back the sigh, tapping her fingernails along the window. brother! The house was silhouetted against the evening sky and to Shaun it looked like a prison more than a home. Shaun shoved a balloon out of the way with a particularly vicious jab as they went around the side. Music was blaring out of somewhere, some stupid hip-hop crap Shaun could bet his life that he hated. He didn't even recognize most of the people; he supposed most were from the university. Marcella moved off, as at ease with a bunch of strangers as she was at home by herself. However, she didn't stop with him. Shaun humphed but averted his eyes from the blonde. Shaun's head lolled listlessly, the pounding music just a dull roar from where he was. Shaun turned to find Ashton standing over him, playful smirk as present as always. He rolled his eyes and pushed himself off the pool fence. Ashton's eyes gleamed wickedly. But his words were cut off by Ashton's mouth and he melted against him, opening his mouth up to the demanding tongue. Shaun darted after her, his mind in a state of panic. Shaun snarled, hands fisted. Ingrid's grip on her glass had strengthened considerably; it looked like it was going to shatter in her hand and she hissed through clenched teeth. Dimly, he realized he needed to movie. Slowly, vaguely, he began to realize the ground wasn't right. He sat up just as a violent cough ripped up his throat and he threw his arm over his mouth, doubling over as it exploded out of his mouth. Exhausted already he glanced around at his surroundings. They were gone. He turned, desperation and terror sneaking into his croaky whisper. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to block out the pain coursing through him, and his mind raced. But it was impossible. He had no choice. He seriously doubted it would matter if it did go higher. He immediately leapt out from behind the wall and stopped. He glanced down at the gun, scowled and threw it aside, dodging out of the way just as the thing lunged for him. He dodged the thing again and pulled the knife from his boot, spinning around to see the thing had stopped. It didn't take long to rest. He stumbled back and the thing raised its arm. He shuddered violently, wiping his face frantically. He sighed as he suddenly remembered the boy. His tongue felt heavy and almost numb. The words were completely unfamiliar to Shaun. Civilians? What's the ESF? you hit your head? the one who should be asking questions. Shaun opened his eyes again, giving the needle in his arm a quick glance. Shaun chose to ignore that for the time being, seeing how he still had no idea what QA12 or the Plants were. Shaun answered slowly, not liking the look on Sebastian's face. of it was funny. , there was absolutely no way it could be true. 'Computer. 'Rationally! Sebastian leant back and looked at him doubtfully. , of course Australia existed. Sebastian explained, running another hand through his hair again irritably. the good guys". He said sarcastically, moving his arm again. Sebastian grimaced. they are. Shaun repeated skeptically. Shaun whispered, truly horrified. Shaun opened his mouth helplessly, but it was too late. He closed his eyes and grimaced as the IV machine let out another drawling beep. Tess was in, for lack of better term, a very foul mood. Sighing, Tess downed the rest of her Cosmopolitan. Cam had been her best friend since their junior year of high school, back when her life had been in shambles and she had no one to turn to, back when she had almost given up on life. Tess had long since buried the details of what drove her to near suicide. And somewhere along the lines, she had fallen for him, hard. She smiled. So here she was, all dolled up, in a sexy black number that had taken three months worth of paychecks to buy--with no matching Manolo Blahniks, might she add--but instead a pair of strappy black sandals, the store being immaterial, that paled harshly in comparison the expensive designer shoes that held her heart for all of their two weeks of their existence. Tess glanced at the clock hanging over the bartender's head and frowned. Yes, he had called and said he was waiting for two of their friends who'd be tagging along, but that wasn't the problem. Did she have whore stamped on her forehead or something? Her fingers crept around the hilt of the police taser in her purse. But before she got a chance to pull out her weapon, his hand was suddenly snatched away and his body removed from his seat in a blur of movement. Looking up, Tess almost swooned at the sight of her love. Tess abruptly stood up and caught herself before stumbling. Tess jumped when she felt his hand rest on the small of her back, warm, knowing blue eyes soothing the chaos of her mind. He wanted to say something more, probably expound upon unsaid thoughts and feelings, but he held back, and for that she was grateful. Tess leaned her head against his shoulder as they walked out of the hazy barroom and was careful not to get any hair juices on his black shirt. Hazel green eyes snapped open. The heat from the arm snaked around her waist combined with the melting of her heart at the beseeching blue pools searching hers for forgiveness caused Tess to sigh. Tess gripped the armrest, her blunt nails digging into the upholstery. A/N: 3-30-09: In my quest to better all of my stories, I went through this little guy and fixed it up. I have to admit I've always wanted to start my story that way. Who is this basic-named Jamie Smith? Yeah, I do too, especially since I wasn't that girl. I guess you could call me one of those who hadn't  yet. Not to say that I'm hideous or anything, because I'm not. When I was five, a fire broke out in my house and I was trapped in there for a while before I was rescued. Elementary school was the worst. Middle school was slightly better. The catch was none of those said guys liked me back … ever. This phenomenon of chronic unrequited love juxtaposed with my unfortunate weight, my pre-braces teeth, my stunning inability to walk without tripping and not to mention the scar were what caused me to keep my feelings to myself. It sounds horrible, I know, and I wish I hadn't felt that way. It didn't stop me from growing my bangs out long though. I went through high school with a little more confidence but nothing to show for it. They had no idea how easy it was for them, absolutely no clue. I know it's a generalization and it's stereotypical but, I tell you, most of the guys I had dealt with in my high school career up until senior year fit this profile. I decided to stop thinking that it was possible for a teenage boy to like me. God, could I feel sorrier for myself? I just need to get the ball rolling on this story, right? It happened quickly but started something that seemed to last forever. Not so strangely – given the hall was swamped - it was a guy. I do hope that this revised version comes across as reading smoother and better than the previous rendition. It had been a long time since I walked the streets of Providence, North Dakota. I racked my brain for the name of the boy my sister seemed so infatuated with. Behind the counter stood a kid with jet black hair talking to a man. Natalie walked up to the counter and the boy looked at her before smiling. His smiled beamed and I noticed he had deep dimples in his cheeks. My mouth felt impossibly dry. He gave my sister a sideways glance. He smiled at me before embracing me in a warm hug. Oh lord, Nora glanced over at the lunch table on the other side of the lunchroom. Nora was short, with dark hair that was gathered in a long waist-length braid away from her face, and she wore glasses. Although, the truth was, he was staring at her. Jenna sighed as the bell rang, and they parted ways in the hall. The voice caught her off guard, and Nora turned to see him leaning against the lockers. What was that all about? Nora smiled. He grinned, taking her off guard. They sat in the benches, Nora pulled the shawl around her. Jenna decided to get up and get a cup of coffee, and Nora looked out towards the field. Nora figured it was a mistake to come. His blue eyes stopped on hers. They ended up winning. Nora shrugged and headed down the bleachers. she turned to see Jenna wave as if shooing her off, and disappear off to her car. She knew she was blushing, and looked away to try and hide it. Jack stared in disbelief as his Mario was pummeled by Zelda. When Nora had first walked into the house, she was stunned. They had changed clothes since they were both soaked when they walked in the house. He glanced at her, a hopeful look in his eyes that she couldn't tear her eyes from him. His fingers gripped the towel on her head and pulled it off her head. It was tentative at first, giving her enough room to pull back. His tongue touched hers, and she melted in his arms. Nora stared at him. She crawled over the bed and settled on the pillows, Jack laying beside her. They had moved in the night, and some point, Jack had pulled the blankets over the both of them. Walking to the bathroom, she pulled out the extra toothbrush he had set out for her, and brushed her teeth. Nora smiled, as far as she was concerned, the moment Jack woke up she was going to make it clear to him that he belonged to her. She smiled, it was one of Jacks friends. So, uh. When my eyes flicker open, I have no idea where I am. Groaning, I pull myself up into a seated position, wincing once I'm settled. With a sigh, I rub at my crusty and sore eyes, peering through my fingers at the room around me. The sheets rustle as he rolls over, pushing himself up. Managing to find a pair of discarded jeans on the floor, probably his, I yank them on before leaving the room. The bathroom is huge, with a large corner tub and a separate shower. Sighing, I shuffle over to the shower, turning on the water before shucking the loose jeans and stepping in. I feel like it should be awkward showering in a stranger's house…but with the way my life's been going? The sound of the door opening startles me, and I freeze, hands covered in bubbles from the shampoo. I quickly finish up, turning off the water and stepping out into the strangely cool bathroom. Biting my lip, I step back and head for the door. Ignoring the iciness of the doorknob (faultyventfaultyventfaultvent), I quickly return to Felix's room. I trail off, not really sure what I'm thanking him for. My shoes are quickly located and put on my feet, and without a second glance, I'm on the sidewalk and heading away from the rather nice house. The park is deserted this early in the morning, so I perch on one of the swings, battered shoes digging into the sand. It's a long while that I sit like that, staring blankly at the delicate grains of rock surrounding me, before I hear footsteps. Obediently, my eyes fall on my ring finger, and I freeze, staring. Felix takes over the lead when we reach his street, since I can't remember which house it is. I shrug, standing awkwardly in the middle of the room. My eyes follow him as he leaves the room before falling back on my coffee. I curl my lip at him. Felix finally stumbles over to the table, apparently having caught his breath. Grinning widely, he leans forward. My finger runs through the condensation on the bar, creating little streaks. I look up, brown eyes squinting at the figure in front of me. Rave boy. Aubrianne quit listening as soon as she heard that she would be partners with the boy who had been sitting next to her for the past two weeks. Mrs. Johnson finished explaining the project and handed out the materials for the kids to get to work. Brent said, handing her a sheet of paper with circles, triangles, and squares on it. he reminded her. Brent handed her an odd looking thing with holes in it. he questioned. Ms. Sanchez pointed out. Brent and Aubrianne sat on the grass outside their high school, doing everything during lunch time except for actually eating lunch. To newcomers at Grant High School, the sight of Aubrianne and Brent together may have seemed strange, but the students there had become used to the pair; they had been inseparable since kindergarten. Brent wore a black t-shirt with the name of a local band on it and a pair of green cargo shorts. Brent smiled. As a warning, the style is very different from what I usually write in. Love: Quinn, Lou, and Mae. It feels like any other night, but it isn't. Even though I am the author, I don't know what I will find if I open it. I insert the key into the lock and it snaps open easily. We are in Canada! Our new house is a green giant! I stop staring at our house because there are a group of boys playing hockey in the street. He is beautiful. All of the boys suddenly stop and turn to look at me. I turn slowly until I see her. Even though he is sitting on the park bench, we see eye-to-eye. I already know. Lizzie is wearing shorts that look like underwear and a T-shirt Mommy and Daddy told her not to wear. Having been ignored, I waddle over to the food table and grab some napkins with flower patterns on them. I amble back to where Mikey is sitting, but not before grabbing a fistful of sour cream and onion chips. I am glowing, like a Jack-o'-lantern. We are all sitting in our classrooms with ants in our pants. I like Mr. Crossack's puppy, Fudge, but I like Ms. Keats. I wiggle in my hard seat because my legs have become stuck to the chair. I hop over to Sarah and Armaleen with my backpack on. Finally, we are ready. He doesn't seem to mind that I'm sitting beside him. I slouch and wish I hadn't said anything. We don't speak to each other for the rest of class. I am not sure what this means exactly. I just take more bites of lasagna, because now, I know what a babe is. Lizzie lies on her bed. Lizzie finally puts her book down. Later that afternoon, I get Daddy to help me set up nets in the driveway. The stick keeps making the ball go the wrong way. I miss. He does this a gazillion more times until I am panting and gasping. I am breathing too hard to feel mad or hurt. Lizzie is finally graduating. I am wearing my prettiest dress and shoes with heels for the first time. My first instinct is to smile back. I agree and nod. Lizzie calls Dad over. I cross my arms and turn to Mikey. I smirk. I don't realize everyone is staring at us. There are hundreds of little red and pink construction paper hearts on my desk. I kiss Mikey's scrunched up face in the picture. Mom doesn't like it when we leave the lights on, but I can't make myself close my study lamp. It is hard to sleep because tomorrow, everyone is giving out cards and candy. The next morning arrives sooner than I thought. I try not to keep looking at the door, waiting for Mikey to come in, but it is like a tic. It's just like how I imagined it. Lizzie. I want to be angry, but instead, I feel a weird kind of embarrassment. I think he's going to leave but he just stands there. I wonder if last night, he thought about me while making Lizzie's card. I hobble up to my room after dinner, stuffed from Mom's baked pasta. I inhale and exhale slowly, and admire the glow-in-the-dark star stickers on my ceiling. I feel myself growing tired. Just as I am about to fall asleep, a sound outside steals my sleep away. Mikey is standing on our lawn with a big CD player. Mikey puts his hands on the back of his head and starts moving to the rhythm of the music. I scream. I recoil from his butt-shaking. I know this is wrong. Lizzie's room is fun and pretty. Mikey looks like he's in heaven. He sticks his face in one side and inhales deeply. We both stop for a moment and look at each other. I realize he is right. At this moment, I do not know what comes over me. Thirteen marks my entry into the world of teenhood. It is a boring Monday morning and I have nothing to do. I go into Lizzie's room and attack her bookshelf. The Sound and the Fury, To the Lighthouse, In Cold Blood. I remember Mom and Lizzie renting and watching it on TV. It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife. Some time into the night, many, many hours later, I turn the last page. Sister! How can there be such a cruel coincidence? I look over at my alarm clock. It is difficult for me to imagine Mikey doing these things, but at the same it is not. I close my eyes and ignore him. Mikey is no longer a dwarf. At first, he is not comfortable in his new body, but with a little bit of practice, and a lot of female admiration, comfort does not even begin to describe the way he moves in his new skin. Mikey's mom is the girl version of Mikey, and it is easy to see what Mikey's dad saw in her. For a long time, there is no sound except for the scratching of pencils against lined paper. He read it. But why? I am the same age that Lizzie was when Mikey first met her. I throw off my books and the pillow. Even I am taken aback by my own vulgarity. I have no idea what I'm doing. Time flits, and soon we are both naked, on top of each other on the carpet. I howl and wipe away tears with my arm. Any girl. I am hiccupping and there is snot dripping from my nose. Instead, I pick up his shirt and blow my nose in the collar. I hate him, hate him, hate him. Mikey doesn't look at me, but he takes my sweats and places it over my lap. Mikey and I do not talk about it. I mutter. With great reluctance and caution, he finally fishes through his desk drawers until he finds it. We all arrive at the outdoor venue to be greeted by two sets of families. I am greeted with s and s and flashes of cameras. I am unable to say anything. For thirteen years, I pointed and laughed at Mikey's endeavors to catch Lizzie's attention, scoffed at the way he pined after her, and disregarded his so-called love for her. Only recently have I come to the realization that you are to me what Lizzie is to you. With this letter, I return my diary to you. Over the years, my feelings for you have become a part of me. But I am no longer the child I once was. You see, we have both grown up. I promise you, this letter sounded so much more coherent and cohesive in my head. Once upon a time, we met. But with this letter, I mark the end of our torrential one-sided love affair. I nod and smile. I want to run to find Mikey, but there are still too many pictures to smile for. I just… I just want some acknowledgement that he's seen the letter, or any sign of what he's thinking. Surprise? We have been sitting in our extremely comfortable seats for three long hours. Everyone claps, and Mikey walks onto the stage amidst the steady applause and cheers. "I know that right now you are fantasizing about coming after me with a sharp blade. "As children, we dream, and we dream big. "Today isn't about commemorating our childhood. Cheers, whistles, and roaring commence. I drop the last box onto the floor and grunt. It's taken me all morning to unpack most of the suitcases. Just as I am hopping off of the high bed, I see something that makes me forget that I have feet and land on my butt. I grab Mr. Pork and approach carefully. I take a few very careful steps in until I am right beside the bed. The mind is furiously working through the logistics of how this is possible, rewinding at quadruple speed through history. That feeling, that old feeling again. Don't be jealous. I was an inconsiderate ass for most of your childhood. Being infatuated with Lizzie was a part of my childhood. Laura, I don't know what this is. We're not kids anymore. By the time you read this letter, you will have already fallen into my (very toned) arms with joy. Mr. Darcy. NOTE #2: Some of you have asked, so I thought I'd clarify. It's not that we're a bad team. The game. Every unmated girl in the city was in love with Aiden Norwood. Whenever he entered a room, everyone couldn't ignore him. I came to the river because it was the only place I could have some peace and clarity. Anyway, my friends started pairing-up so they would have a fuck-buddy for the upcoming Season. That's right. So to escape all that pressure, I went to the river. He was leaning on the tree trunk next to mine, facing the river like I did. I returned my eyes to the water. The sudden fish that jumped out of the water and right back into it snapped me out of my daydreaming and reminded me of another reason I had to come here. My parents weren't happy with my aspirations in life. I love my parents. Sighing, I stopped sketching, realizing I finished the outlines. I'd just started another sketch when I realized someone was watching me. Chancing a look, I saw him nodding at me in some sort of acknowledgement and then he stood up to his full six foot five height. It wasn't an everyday-event to see the alpha out of the Pack House, the headquarters of every pack's management and the alpha and his advisors and helpers. But I didn't give it much thought. Having no choice but to go back home now, I gathered my stuff and made my way out of the park, returning back to reality. The moment he did, Melissa couldn't move her eyes away from his beautiful green ones. Mere weeks later they mated. A few years after she gave birth, Melissa was on her way back from the hospital when she watched something abnormal; a tiny baby, a newborn, wrapped in a thin blanket and laying in an abandoned carriage. The baby is – or rather, was me. Anyway, my mother was waiting for me with a very sour face. Thankfully, I was a good liar, and so my mother's face softened and she nodded. It was a plausible explanation, I guess, but for some reason I didn't think it was the cause. But what did I know? In my room, I sat at my desk, pulled out the sketching notebook and started coloring the sketches using a brand-new pack of crayons. Dialing her number, I waited for her to pick up. I said, faking excitement while I grimaced. she said, proud to have surprised the hell out of me. Sighing for the thousandth time today, I leaned my head down on the desk, letting the cool air of late November caress me. Men. I turned my searing blue eyes towards the tall, lanky man to my right. My twin brother Blake Hawkins groaned, taking the pick from his mouth. spoke up Cooper Holloway. Blake looked up from lighting his cigarette. said Blake with a grin, his dimples deepening. We shared the same smirk though he got the adorable dimples that fooled most women into thinking he was anything but a troublemaker. shouted a booming voice, running down the stairs. I said, smirking at him. I pushed him away with a laugh as we arrived at my place. I replied back, arching an eyebrow. I said with a sigh, leaning against the doorframe. His intense stare was what hooked most people in and unfortunately, I never seemed to be immune to it when we were alone. This was why I usually avoided being alone with Armando. I supplied, pointing out the obvious. he said. I walked past him, his rich scent filling me as I did so. I told him, wanting to make it clear in the beginning of the night. At that moment Blake opened the door, gesturing outside. I turned to look at him. The Rolling Stones blasted from the speakers behind us, ceasing any other conversation. Hey, I'm Regan Shanahan and I'm the perfect little 'mamma's girl'! There is Golden Boy James in the family, Golden Girl Victoria and… Regan. Well, James and Tori are my older brother and sister by a year. Dad remarried two years ago to Susan, a plastic surgery loving, rich, snobby, peroxide blonde bimbo. Back to my Golden Siblings, I like James, whilst I hate Tori, if you haven't guessed. I grumbled something in Grunt Language, which roughly meant, 'If you put that CD on, so help me God, you will die the most painful death and wish you had never even heard of Regan'. I entered the kitchen, muttering about early mornings, only to see the form of my most hated person in the world, Logan Williams. I just ignored him, shovelling the sugary goodness into my mouth. Tori had already eaten and was upstairs fixing her make-up whilst James was down here eating breakfast with Logan. I'm the only non-early morning person in my family. Another morning person. She grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the door. A sharp poke woke me up from my wonderful dream. she rebuked me, and walked back to her desk to write out an Office Slip. I looked at the Office Slip. I entered the office and Miss Stanfeld looked up. I looked around the tedious office, quickly becoming bored. I put my hand against my forehead, leaning back. I grinned. I grinned. Walking into the canteen with my yummy chocolate muffin, I looked around. Steph is a very pretty brunette with green eyes. Adele has blonde hair and blue eyes and is so much like Tori that it's scary. Most of their followers all have that fake blonde hair, like Susan. James and his little crew sometimes sit with them, but usually they sit in a corner. Well, we're not really outcasts, people just call us that because we don't give a rat's ass about popularity. Steph turned on her three-inch heels and stalked away, giving me a dirty over her shoulder. asked Lexie. A black haired eight-year-old girl ran towards me with the ball. The bell went, signalling the end of recess, and we trudged to our lockers. I heard her say. Did I forget to mention that Lexie has this major crush on Logan? used to be, but I hoped . is coming . his teeth to clink together. Turning, Leviathan slid his gaze towards the imbecile who spoke. Having spent his entire life in the shadow of Kraken, his brother, Leviathan had come to the realization that his serpentine appearance, not to mention his bitter personality, would never earn him the status of super-villain. He walked over to the man, and with one, slick movement, wrapped his leather-gloved hand around his neck. Staring down the expanse of the glass office building, Leviathan narrowed his lips, and rose a hand to his forehead to knead away the quickly forming headache. Kraken was transforming. He liked to think that he was good at falling gracefully. People were running screaming as crumpled carcasses of cars landed around them. They weren't murderers, Kraken and Leviathan At least, not these incarnations of themselves… he couldn't vouch for most of the time before the turn of the century. He almost reached his brother when, seemingly out of nowhere, he felt the impact of a body shoving him to the ground. Momentarily blind-sided by the young man's obliviousness, Leviathan allowed himself to be dragged several feet before coming to a dead stop. Leviathan asked,  He jerked his arm away from the boy, and turned to collect his now suffocating brother. Leviathan then knew that the man was a superhero. Kracken was now slamming his tendrils down haphazardly, slicing canyons into the concrete at random intervals. Grasping his fists, Leviathan leapt onto a tentacle and ran towards the base of Kraken's body, praying that his brother didn't fling him several miles in the opposite direction. By at least fifty years. Leviathan yelled impetuously, and immediately regretted his outburst. Smiling ruefully, he felt his stomach flip like all humans must feel at the apex of a roller coaster ride. Leviathan saw him head to the base of Kraken's body, as if in slow motion, and raise his hands. Luckily, his transformation was complete. The first time Leviathan transformed into his sea dragon shape, Kraken had made sure that they were far out in the ocean. He didn't need to hear it twice. Leviathan sighed with relief as he felt the oxygen pass through his gills, and then looked towards his brother. Biting his lip, Leviathan turned and grabbed his coat. He worked at a rather large bookstore. It began in kindergarten, actually. Who is more confused here. She first set her eyes on Kyrian Miller in their junior kindergarten class. No, Kyrian had that honour. Tanya knew that revenge was best served cold. And from that day forward, the two were the closest of friends. Sometime in grade 2. She looked up from her spot in the indoor sandbox. Kyrian turned red in anger, but he realized that she was telling the truth. Wait a minute. It turned out that even Tide was no match for Tanya's enthusiasm that day, and the outfit had to be burned. Still, it began a tradition for the two - every year they alternated between each other, and came up with one dare for the other person to do. In grade 3, it was Tanya's turn again, and she made Kyrian tell his friends constantly for the whole year that he liked girls. In grade 4, Kyrian couldn't come up with a better idea and challenged Tanya to do the same, except with Kent Reed. In grade 6, Kyrian made Tanya wear tie-dyed shirts to school every other day. In grade 7, Tanya found out that her older sister by two years, Tara, thought Kyrian was a . In grade 8, Kyrian became irritated with Tara shooting angry looks at him, and used his dare to make Tanya convince her sister to be nice to him again. In grade 9, they entered the same high school. In grade 10, when it was Tanya's turn at last, she knew exactly how to get revenge on Kyrian. But then grade 11 came around, and that was the most significant year for the two friends. I have 22,000+ words typed up (which, oddly enough, includes part of the ending) but this chapter is short because it is the prologue. So. spoken. A/N: Oh dear lord. Summary: She wanted the fairy tale. I know what you're thinking. The thing about Cinderella, though, is that she and the prince are so curiously blank. I like Rapunzel because…the prince originally falls in love with her for her beauty. And that's why, I think, that I still haven't really found what I'm looking for. It's just…They all get their fairy tales and it's not so bad for me to want mine now, is it? There's a small, cynical part of me, though, that keeps me from going out and, you know, trying out all the frogs in the hopes that one of them is a prince. I'm just not sure it exists. I feel Jess heroically crawl a foot towards me and slowly roll up my pants for me, pausing every so once in a while to recover from exhaustion. I oblige. Snorting, I smooth my light blue baby-doll tank top that hides my very slight bit of a tummy, pick a stray bit of fluff off one of the embroidered flowers, and restart the song with a long-suffering sigh. It would kind of cool, I think dreamily, if someone ever sang to me. 'He's so hot. And, like, oh my gawd! Kind of. Because I hate having the spotlight on me. I mean, I have some opinions. Anyway. (Hey, I said I was quiet. Please, please, please review? Text copyright © 2009 by S.C. StephensAll Rights Reserved. Thank you to everyone who has supported this story and encouraged me to see it through to publication. This story is rated M for strong language, semi-explicit sex and some violence. It was the longest drive I had ever been on. My boyfriend and I were driving away from Athens, Ohio. The reason for my transfer was sitting beside me, driving us away in his beat-up Honda. His eyes were warm and a deep, dark brown and were currently turned in my direction to sparkle at me. Luckily for me, Denny had an Aunt who, three years ago, had been offered a position at Ohio University and moved over here. Pete's was apparently the name of the popular bar where our new roommate, Kellan Kyle, was a local rock star. I opened my eyes and stared out the dark side window, watching the thick, green trees blur past me, an odd orange glow cast upon them from the numerous streetlamps on the freeway. Our departure from my comfortable life in Athens had started several months ago, with Denny's impending graduation from Ohio U. He was brilliant, and I wasn't the only one who thought so. I couldn't bear the thought of him leaving, even if only for two years until I finished school, so I applied to Universities and Colleges everywhere that Denny applied for a job or internship. Of course, being so brilliant, he landed his dream internship in Seattle. I had been a panicky mess. I smiled as I watched the names of roads, parks and small towns fly by us. Denny had graduated a week ago with his double-major in Business Economics and Marketing (the hunky dork) and we'd packed up to leave. The only part of the move I had protested, vehemently, was driving there. I smiled widely at that thought and bit my lip, once again excited at the very idea of a place of our own. Denny had gotten directions on the way over and we easily found Pete's bar. On the way over, I looked up at the stage to the four guys performing there. I couldn't help but notice the lead singer first. His clothes were surprisingly basic, like he knew he didn't have to accessorize his looks. Even with all that, the most amazing part of him, besides his alluring voice, was his unbelievably sexy smile. He met eyes with every one of his adoring  They went crazy as his gaze passed over them. The two guys on either side of the singer were so similar, that they had to be related, probably brothers. The lead guitarist was wearing khaki shorts and a black t-shirt featuring the name and logo of a band I didn't know. His equally light-eyed, blonde-haired relative, wore his hair longer, down to his chin, and tucked behind his ears. The final guy was tucked behind the drums, so I couldn't see much of him. Denny had only mentioned that our new roommate, Kellan, was in this band. Denny had finally worked us through the crowd to the burly man. I smiled to myself. Denny's year here as an exchange student back in high school had introduced him to Kellan. Sam was a big guy. Sam leaned in closer to us, so he didn't have to talk quite so loud. I hated meeting people for the first time. That was sure nice of Kellan. More and more I believed the nice looking guy in the back was Denny's  The drummer just seemed like the good-natured, carefree type of person that he would easily bond with. Denny laughed a little and then looked over to the band. Still intently watching Denny, I noticed him raise the hand clutching the key and nod his chin up. My heart dropped a little. It was the words. He grabbed my hand and pulled me through the rest of the crowd. He was so different now than the first time I had noticed him. Denny found our new place easily; it wasn't terribly far from the bar. Denny grabbed three of our bags from the back seat while I grabbed the remaining two, then we made our way inside. We followed the stairs up and stopped at a set of three doors. Alone time didn't happen very often, we were usually surrounded by so many people - his Aunt, my sister, or ugh…my parents. I awoke early the next morning, still groggy from days of traveling, but refreshed. Our door looked directly across to Kellan's room and his door was slightly cracked. Relief washed through me that the room was empty. I relaxed into the hot water and sighed. Finally, I shut the water off and dried away the droplets with the only available towel. He was standing in his doorway, yawning lazily and scratching his bare chest. Embarrassment flashed through me as I realized that our first meeting wasn't that far from how I feared it would be. An adorable half-smile appeared on his face as he shook my hand. Well, that was mortifying. Denny's clear, accented voice poked through my thoughts. I reached back and playfully smacked him on the shoulder. Summary: On the eve of the final dance Prince Damian rejects the girl chosen by his mother without meeting her and without knowing the girl can hear every word of his rejection. The man furiously urged his horse forward as he rode into the palace gates. The prince frowned. The prince refused to look into his mother's watery eyes. Once outside he thought he heard something but he assumed his mother was speaking to herself again. It was a meaningless, simple existence. By he, I mean, perfection in human form. He had a small smile on his face as his warm hazel eyes looked around our colorful frozen yogurt shop. I wanted to do a lot of things to him, and I subsequently wanted him to do a lot of things to me, many that I couldn't possibly dare to say aloud, but the only thing I ended up doing was letting out a high squeak right before I ducked behind the counter. I hissed. the guy mused, and because I was hiding behind the counter, I unfortunately couldn't see what he was doing. I sighed. I waited for the guy to respond, but he took a while to answer. I nearly slumped against the counter in relief when I realized he'd see my legs if I did, so I kept my knees pressed against me. He always ordered it to go, but I really hoped that he'd have his yogurt in the shop just so I could see the way he ate it. Did he mix the yogurt and the toppings together before eating? I looked up at the clock and eyes instantly flicked to the door as I heard the chimes above it ring. I told myself to relax. My hand froze in its place, my fingers still holding onto the tip of the banana peel. I muttered. I turned my head and looked over my shoulder just as I was sprinkling the last bits of almonds. Mr. PYBBA said. Mr. PYBBA smile was so wide. Even though I was losing nearly five dollars a week due to all the toppings I lavished on his yogurt, I didn't really care. Fortunately, as the weeks passed by, Melvin stopped telling me I was sad or telling me that I needed a life coach or professional help. I rolled my eyes at him as I reached for the jar of almonds. I nearly dropped the jar of almonds I was holding. I kept replaying it over and over in my mind. Melvin spent the next couple of weeks laughing at me and sharing the story to fellow customers. The guy who didn't even like frozen yogurt and yet still worked in a frozen yogurt shop. Twenty-eight times out of thirty, couples said yes. Okay, so it tasted really, really, really good… but come on. It was nearing eleven and I was just about ready to close up shop. I droned, finishing the rest of my inventory adjusting. . room. muscular. ". quasi-fear--after all, the guy DID look. you. walked into class, blinking. ". ". "Excuse me. sit together. gorgeous as a blonde. psychos. winced and lowered his eyes. yet. Oh! He didn't get an answer from the quiet newcomer and blinked. maybe not. the new student--at least he had a name now. ". outside. ". "Huh? Ripley' was close. have a lot of time on my hands. bout this bloke who comes out and falls for this gorgeous jock. liked it? well. back home. becomes attracted to his University Professor. when his professor. moment, trying to remember the character's name. gone. ride. ". could swing by and . fine. wrong with Sean's cooking. "Yeah. opening his violin case. just walked away like that. forgotten Sean was even there. Matt nodded and put away his violin. building. KISSING BOOTH PRINCESS© hotcheri2011DISCLAIMERI OWN NOTHING YOU RECOGNISE (AND SOME THINGS YOU DON'T. A/N: I rated this story  just in case. Also, forgive me for my crappy writing in this story. Pffft, kissing booth princess. Every summer, Hazelwood hosted their very own fair. Wrinkling her nose, Nala supposed it was her own damn fault for entrusting her ditzy mother with such an important task. Obviously, Wanda thought that having her daughter operate a kissing booth was the perfect way to make Nala forget that her almost boyfriend had chosen her best friend over her. Or was it? Nala said, her voice shaking with glee. And just like that, Nala's teenage dream was over. Nala assured her best friend dully. Aaron invited Janelle to go to Peru with him during the summer holiday and she went after asking Nala about a million times if she was sure it was okay with her. Even worse than the people who were forking out cliché advice (none of it worked in books, where EVERYTHING worked! Deanna was already setting things up at the kissing booth when Nala walked up, dragging her director's chair behind her and groaning. Her blonde hair streamed behind her as Deanna bounced over to help Nala lug her gear into the kissing booth. That's it. Two hours in, Nala had to respect Deanna's business acumen. Nala's side of the booth was relatively quiet so far. Deanna said this with a big smile on her face. Nala frowned. Deanna stood up, hands on her slim hips as she shook her hair back and fixed Nala with a look. Nala swallowed hard against the lump in her throat, her body suddenly covered in goose bumps, belying the heat that was making the parched ground shimmer. And it still hadn't meant a thing to him. Nala snickered a little at how Deanna whispered the name 'Aaron', like hearing it at full volume would upset Nala. Deanna tugged at her hair as Nala stared at her, biting her lip nervously. But once Deanna had made up her mind, she couldn't be swayed. Nala smelt Deanna's friend before she saw him. All Ed Hardy everything. Fighting to keep the laugh from bubbling up her throat, Nala focused instead on checking out the guy who looked like he had just stepped out of Jersey Shore. Ed Hardy Douche licked his lips in an attempt to be seductive (gag). Wow, he got straight to the point. Pink. He almost tripped over his crocodile skin shoes in his hurry to get away. Nala said disinterestedly. Nala sighed. As the day wore on, Deanna was on her fourth cash filled jar. she started, giving Aussie Boy an abashed giggle. A ray of sun found its way through the cracks in the clapboard booth, its light dappling on her skin. As soon as Nala was starting to really get into the movie, a shadow fell over her and she groaned silently. The person, undoubtedly male, (and an immature one at that) snickered loudly. Nala pressed her lips together. Biting his bottom lip, the guy gazed at Nala for a couple of seconds. Nala exhaled loudly, looking the guy up and down as he stepped closer. Starting to feel like he was slowly undressing her with his eyes, his gaze was that intense, Nala stood up, thinking that she might just have the upper hand if she was on her feet. Excellence remarked, languidly scratching his chin. This wasn't going well. She drew herself up to her full height of 5'4 and glowered right into Excellence's eyes. Excellence narrowed his eyes in thought, apparently trying to figure out what Nala was getting at with the whole 'Excellence' reference. Tugging on the hem of his t-shirt, Excellence grinned at her and her heart rate sped right up. Nala had to grin at the mystified look on Excellence's face. Nala raised her hand to stop him in his tracks. Excellence explained, looking slightly gratified that Nala was laughing nonetheless. His eyes widened innocently and he gave Nala an endearing look of utmost focus. Excellence folded his arms across his chest, eyeing Nala unyieldingly. Nala shrugged, desperately wanting some lemonade to cool herself off but not wanting to bend down because she knew that Excellence was going to check out her butt. Nala's mouth dropped open. Nala muttered, nonplussed by the sudden change. Before Nala could do more than blink, Excellence was right in front of her. Nala started, her heart thumping faster as she backed herself up against the booth wall. Excellence's hands slid slowly up and down Nala's arms, pushing the baggy sleeves of her t-shirt up over her shoulders. Nala's skin was tingling from his soft, searing touch on her arms and the faint whiff of his clean smelling cologne was making her woozy. she started, her breathing quickening. His warm lips were as soft as they looked and as they moved leisurely against hers, Nala's eyes slid closed. Her hands rose higher as she grew bolder, his t-shirt rubbing against her overheated skin. His warm hands slipped up Nala's stomach, gently caressing her belly as he slid his velvety tongue in and out of her mouth, tormenting her. Nala gasped as he pushed up against her, gripping her hips as he pressed his growing arousal against her bare thigh. The sobering realization of what she had just done came flooding in as Nala kept her eyes shut, hoping, nay, praying, that this was just a dream. At the thought of Deanna, Nala's cheeks flushed. Excellence said, sounding genuinely impressed. And with that parting shot, he sauntered off, not looking back once as he walked away. Her legs still quaking from that unsettling kiss, Nala stepped forward and stared down at the forgotten iPhone. A/N: Somebody shoot me. After my mother was gone, I knelt next to my suicidal fish and sighed. It just goes to show me that I have some sort of mental defect. I hung up my cell phone and slipped it into my apron pocket. Anyways, Isabella had commented that her husband needed someone my age to be the cashier-slash-waitress at his restaurant and that the pay would be good. Thus, there I was at Angelo's. I also liked the job because no one at Angelo's had ever felt the need to talk to me for an extensive period of time. Immediately, my palms became sweaty and my face turned red. Nervously, I approached the guy. The guy handed over a ten, which I hastily grabbed from him. After obtaining the pizza and breadstick from Angelo and sticking them in a box before placing them in a take-out bag, I started getting the guy's Sprite. Oh my God. I couldn't stop myself from involuntarily shaking. My mother, Eloise Monique Moreau, was eighteen and had just graduated from high school. To celebrate her graduation she and her other mature looking friends went to  in New York City. My mom and dad's story isn't a fairytale, happy ending. Then there was the other dilemma. Anyway, on September 10th, 1990, 6:58 p. Before you all start thinking my father is a complete freak let me tell you his occupation. Since that fateful adventure, all my history teachers have come to worship me, some even asking if I could, somehow, get my father to come in and speak to the class; I never even mentioned the idea to my father. My mother is a nurse at Golden Heart Hospital. Jacksonville is, on the exterior, a quaint city where the residents mostly range from upper class to middle class. Yet underneath the pretty wrapping there is scandal, this is crime, there is deceit. I said to Nurse Janet Lewis. I sighed and looked down at the list of names I would have to call out. Last week a man and woman brought their two year old son in, the poor boy suffering not only from the flu, but from the  syndrome. Two days ago I found Shithead's perfect life mate. I walked out the automatic sliding glass door that led to the waiting room and looked around. I raised a brow. The man had a tall, bulky form and dark features. I shrugged. I should have known by the stricken look on everyone's faces that I had done something wrong. I shook my head and sat back down on my stool. came the loud, demanding voice of Helga Nowak, head nurse at Golden Heart Hospital. I said proudly,  I turned back look at Janet and gave her a thumbs up. I shrugged my shoulders and looked back down at my clipboard, which I somehow had the great mind in grabbing before I was manhandled by Helga. It wasn't until I started going to Winchester Private School that the teasing stopped. The Dal Monte family is very Italian. I was pulled from my thoughts by my mother's voice. I perked up. A few minutes later I was standing at the bus stop with tears in my eyes as I looked for the change I thought I had. The two boys looked at me as if I was nuts, which might be a good thing. Venturi took the cigarette out of his mouth, dropped it to the ground, and squashed it under his feet. I took a wild guess and figured he was talking to me. I heard him let out a sigh. He let out an aggravated sigh. he said, revving the engine. I cocked my head to the side. I never knew a voice could be so sexy. I opened my mouth to thank him once again before going inside, but my speech was halted when I felt strong hands gently grip the back of my neck and pull my head down. The moment I closed my eyes he pulled back. I shrugged my shoulders and made my way into my house, the smile on my face never disappearing. The laughter stopped. A lie, I know. I exclaimed, making my way past the pretty Asian girl. He pushed himself off the motorcycle and made his way towards me. I stiffened. I was brought out of my reverie when I felt his warm breath on my ear. Despite the drizzling rain, each person in the swarm kept a vigilant watch from beneath his or her umbrella. A slender girl with wet, golden hair stepped out onto the railing. My friends called me Kae. But otherwise, simply put, I was ready to take on the world. So why exactly did I commit suicide, you ask? Confused? A droplet of rain trickled down her arm and she groaned. Suddenly, there was a loud gasp and people started screaming. Wendy Smith yanked back the mike and nodded quickly, Live on? But you know what the worst part is? Should she try to go to her class? There was nowhere more than she wanted to be right now than to be back home, but she didn't know how to go about in finding her way home. In the end, after loitering around her death site for days, she decided to give up and take a walk. A wooden sign with pale red letters in elegant script read 'Welcome! Kaetlyn walked out of the way of a waitress, although she really didn't need to. That's when she suddenly found herself staring into a pair of dark, hazel eyes. She shifted uneasily and looked behind her to make sure he wasn't staring at something else. Maybe then, she'd feel better about her death - that she would be able to do the one thing she couldn't manage not to be a chicken about in life: just walk up to a cute guy and chat him up. Feeling slightly deflated, she walked over to the man nonetheless. Fidgeting, she babbled,  She immediately turned beet red. She pressed her lips together, unable to help the foolish grin on her face. She made herself comfortable, tucking her legs beneath her. And so it went for almost two hours. - Maeven© Copyright 2003 Maeven (FictionPress ID:349779). A/N: This story is set in the Midlands, UK. The next day you're watching the news and after the usual dose of murders, rapes and war, there's a story about a band who've fired their manager because it turned out he'd been stealing their stuff and putting it up on eBay. I don't know if it's just me, but that kind of thing seems to happen a lot. But let me take it from the start, so I can illustrate for you how the theory works in practice. I'd been out with my girlfriend Sophie, her friend and the friend's boyfriend, to one of the ambitious places in town that refuse to let you in if you're wearing sneakers. Unfortunately for me, it turned out he was a bouncer at this place, so he kicked me out. I had closed my eyes, anticipating a painful fall to the pavement. Well, I was drunk as fuck at the time, so despite the fact that I was being held by a jailbird and that he was probably going to kill me for landing on him, I started laughing hysterically. It was one of those moments when time seems to freeze. I'm not sure exactly what he was wearing, not that it matters anyway, or what colour his hair was; but his eyes were the most amazing I'd ever seen. Thinking back at it, it seems kind of weird that we would just stand there, looking into each other's eyes as if the rest of the world didn't exist. It was half past four in the morning, and the only place still open was the only gay bar in town. At half past four this town is usually pretty deserted, even on a Saturday night. One of them was wearing a pair of tight black trousers and nothing else, his upper body covered in gold glitter. As we walked past them, they both fell silent. he replied, as if he actually was. One signal. I pull the duvet over my head to shut out the sunlight, and that's when I get the first clue. I lift the duvet up a little bit and look down at myself. I sit up in the bed and look around, trying to take in the surroundings. It looks like a typical boys room. He slams the door to the cupboard shut so violently he's actually making me jump. Whilst he's making breakfast I try to find my way to the bathroom. He smiles at me, almost the same smile I saw him give that bloke outside the gay bar. I can feel the panic rise within me as I'm watching him making coffee and toast and stuff. I find my shoes in the hallway. Reaching the ground floor, I put my shoes on before leaving the building. The McFadden family had lived next door to mine on a quiet street near the ocean in Gloucester, Massachusetts since April of 1989. Mrs. McFadden was a housewife and had graciously offered to look after me along with Tully until my parents returned from work in the evenings. Tully had never bitten me again after that. For obvious reasons, I'd refrained from telling him this. In the fall of eighth grade, I'd applied to go to a prestigious private boarding high school. I'd managed to convince Tully that I was only applying to see if I could get in, more or less to avoid an awkward conversation about exactly why I wanted to go. Now, many people probably wouldn't still be affected by something that happened when they were fourteen by the time they entered college. Elizabeth Dalton poked her head into the room. Ah, Dorianne, Elizabeth's bitchy French roommate… The first thing she'd said when I met her was to inform me (in an incredibly condescending, disgusted tone) that I had - oh horror of horrors! Enjoying the warmth of the late-August evening, we made our way over to one of the nearby dining halls. I suddenly felt queasy. I chuckled. I took a moment to give Tully a once-over. Hesitantly, Tully reached out and pulled me into his arms. The guy in front of me finally received his quesadilla and trotted off happily to join his friends. My two friends giggled, never having thought of this (well, I hadn't either, to be fair). I immediately protested, finally turning to face him. Momentarily forgetting my problems, I laughed out loud freely. Here's the first chapter of my new story, Confessions of a Former Chew Toy. I should probably say that I don't own Cornell University. Julie is NOT like my other characters. By being stupid. Jack was attractive all right, with his moody hazel eyes and his roguishly longer dark brown hair. She could still remember the night she had let him talk her into this ridiculous idea. At 18 she thought she met Mr. Right in the form of a blonde haired, blue eyed silent type with a goatee and a sense of humor that she thought only a few select people –herself included, of course—got to see. However, after 6 and a half months, Mr. Right turned out to be Mr. Not So Right. That was in February. She didn't so much decline as neglect to answer him either way. Then there was the drunken phone call at 2 a. Since Julie had long, curly brown hair, stood 5'3I want that so much,we'll be good for each other. Julie's former Mr. Right became a daddy in early August, and it was around the time that Jack came back to town for another well-timed visit. That was why she somehow found herself agreeing to transfer to Chicago. Not to mention that Jack finally won what he had been trying to get since he met her: her virginity. Then there was her school. Not that she was getting any studying done anyway. Julie rolled her eyes, somewhat annoyed. Even with his name being spoken, the man appeared to be too busy to notice his daughter. Julie wasn't sure at that point if she should really get up and chase after someone else's child, but she did need those notes. To say she was shocked would be an understatement. Only when they were out of sight did she remember that she should probably gather her stuff and head to class. Notes: Welp, here it is, the revised version of the first chapter. At this thought, the little girl's frown deepened. As her mother fiddled with the key, Meredith couldn't help but admire her loveliness. Glancing over into the crystal glass mirror, Meredith studied her own reflection. There, tucked gently and lovingly into the folds of crimson velvet, was a magnificent pearl necklace. her mother said, a faraway look in her eyes, allowing herself to momentarily be taken back in time. Victoria piped up, folding her arms huffily. Upon hearing the name, Meredith's frown was immediately transformed into a hopeful smile. Meredith squealed in excitement, her smile lighting up her little face. The boy was fully engaged in the awkward throes of puberty, all right. Unfortunately, his more comely features were immediately overshadowed by numerous other decidedly less appealing characteristics. But still. Meredith snuck a quick glance at Chris. Chris looked shocked that she had even acknowledged his presence. Katrina had always had that sort of effect on the male gender. The course was a brutal one: contestants had to jump rope for 15 seconds straight, shoot a three-pointer into the miniature basketball hoop, limbo under a makeshift pole made of sticks and traffic cones, and hopscotch their way to the finish line. But she had been practicing. Running as fast as her little legs would carry her, Meredith sprinted over and scooped up her purple jump rope, beginning to skip so fast the rope became nothing but a blur. As she finished counting to 15, she glanced over and smirked in triumph. But Chris had already caught up to her at that point. Gulping, she threw on the hula hoop, and started spinning it around her waist, rocking back and forth steadily as she began to count to 15. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Chris, having finally made it under the limbo pole, successfully hopscotch down the driveway and pick up the hula hoop next to her. Nine, ten, eleven. She heard the clatter of Chris's hoop falling to the ground, and grinned in triumph. Thirteen, fourteen. But, of course, Chris didn't seem particularly upset about it. The drawing depicted two crude smiling crayon stick figures standing in front of a house holding hands. And with that, the little girl rolled over, and before she knew it, her eyes had slipped shut, and she was off in dreamland. . *I'm back at Uni as a single mum of two kids under 5. So anyway. I debated whether or not to do this here or on Wattpad. So anyway. shaky. She read the cover page again and felt her teeth begin to grind in the back. She put the manuscript down and raised a finger, opened her mouth, and then closed it again. Julia had never truly felt ill will towards her boss before that moment, but that was nothing compared to the feelings of intense loathing that she was now undergoing for an entirely different man. The irony killed her. There was no chocolate. She did a quick fist pump and then hurried to the elevator without another word. Kevin Larson. She and Mr. Larson had a history, yes, but it was nothing like Mr. Dryer suspected. Julia thanked the barista who handed her her latté and then took another bite of the rhubarb cake as she headed out the door. She spent the last ten minutes of her freedom looking up the book's title. Finishing the last of the rhubarb cake in one go, Julia shut her browser and put her desk to order, shuffling papers, returning folders to their appropriate drawers, and re-aligning the pens and pencils she had stored in the NY Starbucks mug on her desk—doing basically anything she could to stall for time. Julia's eyebrows shot up. Mr. Dryer stood, moving around his desk to welcome Price and his young padawan. Julia set her coffee down and took this as her cue. Kevin didn't say anything right away. Mr. Dryer waved his hand. It's fine, she told herself. Kevin looked as though he very much doubted that but, once again proving himself wiser than he looked, he kept those opinions silent. Julia smiled a little in amusement. Julia felt a little vindicated but her temper was by no means abated. The meeting wrapped itself up quickly after. She spent most of the night reading Kevin Larson's novel. The title was perfect—beautiful, poignant, capturing the truth of T. S. Eliot's idea and yet simultaneously suggesting more than Eliot had thought to give. Respect came, unwilling as it was. Somehow she managed to get a decent six hours of sleep in before it was time for her to get ready for work. So that's what this is about. Mr. Dryer glanced at Julia then. That hurt. She didn't need to be told twice. Julia burst into tears. Middle school and high school were supposed to be the most hellish years, but nothing matched that year and a half after her article about Kevin Larson's scholastic infidelity went into print. She'd never fully recovered. They parked the car in one of the city's many underground garages and then walked back up to the street, and down the few blocks to where Jill's apartment was. He smiled at her. Julia hung up on him. Her cat jumped up on the counter then, sniffed her wine, and then wandered over and sprawled out in front of Kevin, directly on top of the manuscript. He just laughed. Months. Mr. Price and Mr. Dryer had both sent her congratulatory notes and gifts. Jill sighed in the doorway, watching her get ready. Julia thought so, too. Mr. Price smiled broadly and tapped his temple in understanding before turning his attention elsewhere. he told her, sprawling back in the black leather seat. Julia narrowed her eyes at him playfully and then peeked in before squealing. He smiled and lifted his drink. She waved him off, sipping from her wine, and flipped through the book some more as she admired it. Her mouth felt dry. Julia pulled her face away from his so she could look at him. Julia slid her hand from his neck to his cheek and guided his mouth to hers. She ran her fingers through the hair at the nape of his neck. Reed Sanders was not the type of guy that believed in chivalry and helping old ladies across the street. Asking around, it hadn't been hard to find out plenty about him. Staring up at him for the first time from my seat near the back of the school cafeteria, though, I couldn't help but think no one had mentioned how ridiculously handsome he was. From what I could tell from across the room, he had thick, black hair that hung in jagged, unkempt strands around his face and a sharp jaw line that reminded me of the ones you'd expect to see on ancient greek paintings of mythological gods. Fear was the first emotion to leave me speechless as he began to walk towards me, panic the next. And, unfortunately, I wasn't disappointed. Why was he doing this? My eyes widened to the size of saucers as I stared up at him, the question he'd asked only partially registering in my mind. I prayed to god he wasn't close enough to see the drool that had to be running down my chin as I opened my mouth, attempting to provide him with some sort of answer. I nodded furiously, grateful this question didn't require a verbal answer. Exhaling sharply, I realized for the first time that I had been holding my breath. I first noticed her during the second week of classes. She was sitting on the ground under a flowering tree with her backpack and various books spread out around her. I saw her, sitting there under that tree, three times a week for weeks but I never spoke to her. Introduction: Welcome to My Life. Okay, Mr. Abernathy, I'll take part in your little  assignment, even though we all know that it's really an English assignment (seriously, who keeps a psychology journal? The only reason I even started writing today is because I had nothing better to do. Okay, so it's not the first time that I've had this thought, I think I've known that I loved him since before the dawn of time (or since the moment I was told that it was how I felt about him. Hey, I'm eighteen—I've hardly even lived yet, loving a guy for over nine years is more than half my life. He cares about others before himself, that's a great quality in a guy. … And you know who I'm talking about already, don't you? …. Alright, Mr. Abernathy, anything I disclose with you is absolutely and completely confidential, okay? So, just be extra careful, okay? hurt. band. a bitch. me after finals were over? an apology. all that. thought? yeah, that's it. it. Sapphires and EmeraldsDisclaimer for the Story: I do not own anything you recognize, including songs, lyrics, movies, quotes, other branded items and places. Before I started my senior year at WA, I thought my fairytale was done and over with. But then, I went into my senior year. Right, this is a move that's going to make me very unpopular, for sure. And so, I've decided to remove the story. In many ways, this could not come at a better time, because all of a sudden, I'm hit with severe writer's block and discontent. I will return, I promise. Thank you for all the love and support you've given me over the last two years. P.S: Time-stamp, on the story. Chapter 1 – Yours Truly'She was a nobody, while he was the school's most popular guy. No one's forcing you to… I thought, but instead I just sighed in defeat. … and kept walking. I tensed, knowing exactly who was standing over me. Don't get me wrong, I do like my friends, well some of them. I may as well come clean. And lastly, but not least, then there's the… well, not unpopulars, but the Nobodies, as in no one really cares what they say (beside teachers) kind of people. The people who belong in each category are pretty much correct, but it's not completely true that the Populars are total numbskulls. And yeah, she's still rambling, for those of you who wanted to know. I mean, I'd give anything to be one of those sad, lonely girls in chick romance stories. But sadly, I am quite realistic and practical. How was that? unsanitary"? look at me like that. English last year. "Wow. "…. I nodded my mind still full of sleep and my eyes no ready to comprehend sign language. I waved her out of my room ready to take a shower. I wrapped a towel around my waist. I found some jeans on my floor and tugged them on. The rain came down at a steady pace. 'Your dad called,' she signed. I turned around and bounded for the tide pools on the other side of the shore. I picked up a rock and launched it into the stormy seas. I balled some sand in my hand and squeezed the water out. I rolled my eyes the thought of living with my dad for an entire month was like the thought of being trapped in a coffin underground. Actually I hated the term 'reading minds' because that's not what happened. 'Don't you dare leave them there,' my mom thought. I ignored her, but she reluctantly brought me home. Shawn, I realize I haven't been the best father to you. 'There is something,' she signed then sighed. My eyes went wide. For the rest of the night we didn't talk about the trip, my mom made dinner and then we watched movies together. twenty dialects each. No wait. First: I want to apologize to anybody reading PLRG and Armistice. Second: I am writing this in the first-person and in present tense. I mean, what right do I have to hate my life? My doctor has just given me the news, and I stare at her in silence. As I wait for the elevator to come, I can feel the horror creeping up on me. The elevator comes, and I enter it and automatically push for the ground floor. I plaster a smile on my face as I open the front door. I find them all in the den, watching my 19-year-old sister, Aria, competing against my father on our new gaming console. I spend the rest of the afternoon with my family, enjoying every minute I am with them. The club is busy at this time of night. Even in the crowd, I see him immediately. I have no qualms about elbowing others out of the way, so that is what I do until I'm standing right in front of him. His arms immediately come around me, holding my waist prisoner against his hard chest. I don't care, he's just a fling. I had gotten in a taxi with this man and gone back to his place. I think this over. I slither out of his grip and climb out of the bed. I tell him. The room door opens as the elevator doors close, and the last thing I see of him is his shocked face. She sounds relieved. How hard can it be to peel and stick labels? Error, I giggled out loud, causing the doctor to watch me with worry. I let her walk me to the elevator. My family is very open-minded, but we are also very traditional. I am there for a long time, in that position, but finally drive myself home. I am grateful they trust me, but feel guilty over the lie. My job is going very well, and I had received a promotion a week ago. I am about to step out for lunch when the office line rings. Jenna is waiting for me when the elevator doors open. She knocks and enters, indicating that I follow. The man sitting behind the desk is also very compelling. He dismisses Jenna and invites me to take a seat. Little did I know that, two weeks later, I would take back that thought. I watch as his face changes from exasperation to delight. Jenna leaves, closing the door behind her. Double shit. A/N: So I decided to take another stab at a one-shot, because last time felt mildly disappointing. PS. PPS. He opened the door wide enough to poke his head into the hall. There were three studded belts hanging around the guy's waist, and he had half-tied combat boots pulled up over his dark, skintight jeans. Liam had actually forgotten. Graham seemed to take the hint and strode towards the couch. That was Liam's choice too, but he managed not to say that out loud. He fumbled his way through the cabinets to grab some glasses, and quickly filled them almost to the brim. He had a point. But Graham just shrugged. Liam stood up as well, eye level with Graham's hunched shoulders. The two of them stood awkwardly for a minute. He was wearing a second hand three piece suit he'd picked up in a thrift store once. For some reason—that he refused to admit he actually knew—he wanted to impress Graham. He didn't remember exactly where the store was, but Graham made it easy. There was a dark purple bruise around one of his eyes, and it was swollen half-shut. Liam looked up at the sign above the door. There were records lining the walls, and just imaging how many there were made Liam dizzy. Graham joked. Then he pulled the headphones down over Liam's ears, and sound immediately flooded them. Without thinking, Liam shut his eyes and put his hands over Graham's. He closed his eyes, falling into the rhythm of the song. He cracked his open when Graham tugged at one of his fingers. He was beginning to feel insecure, and felt the need to play with his glasses again. Liam didn't get a chance to answer. He began to fidget. That was an understatement. His agent, Sarah, was standing just in the doorway. He was definitely going to fire her. Most of the pieces of his that he passed were older works that he did not intend to sell. It took a second to sink in. Sarah glided by, suddenly, glaring. He turned to leave, but Liam grabbed his arm. He knew it was Graham. Liam groped for his glasses on the bedside table, and decided against putting on a shirt. Graham was holding an almost empty bottle of what had to be the biggest beer Liam had ever seen. Graham pulled back, their mouths making and obscenely wet sound. Then he was sucking the skin just above Liam's collarbone. As carefully as possible, Liam set the water down on the table. Liam looked down at his tented pajama pants and sighed. Graham did not look happy. It was still dark, but the bathroom light was on, and the door was cracked open. A week later Graham showed up with less than an inch of black hair, wearing an argyle sweater. Liam snatched the bag without getting to close, and tried not to look too excited about opening it. Beneath the socks was a CD case, and inside was a plain silver disc that said 'PLAY ME' on it. He looked down at his belts, and touched each one. As a rule, Liam generally tried for complete silence while he worked. Liam bit his lip in concentration and jumped for the Discman. Graham gently pulled the glasses off. Liam literally didn't seem him coming, but he felt the hand curl around the back of his neck. Liam blinked as the room came back into focus. Feeling suddenly shy, Liam fidgeted his way into Graham's personal space. Green eyes considered him carefully. So Liam did. A/N: So anyway, there it is. Allyson Schommer, the school's perpetual saint, replied with an amused smile. Al knew though, that what Lou said wasn't far from the truth. Only two weeks had passed since the start of classes. Lou nodded thoughtfully. Lou added as an afterthought. He left it at that, knowing another remark would only set off Lou's biting retorts. Al shot her an apologetic look. Gym was finished in a jiffy and Al and Lou split for their next class. Al quipped. Lou turned to Al,  she asked with a wishful face. Al rolled her eyes. Much to her surprise, Fuller greeted her with a smile. She wasn't quite what Jacob expected—a school nerd with thick-framed eyeglasses, braces, and long and frizzy hair that would cover half of her face. Allyson was sure she had her brightest smile on, which is why she couldn't understand why Jacob Strauss was looking at her with veiled contempt. Jacob only stared at her. Embarrassed though she was, Allyson could not help staring back. Fuller found it appropriate then to clear his throat. Jacob was surprised to see Allyson's reaction. Allyson could almost hear Lou's voice in her head. Hi, everyone! Their first meeting was a whirl of colors, smells, sounds. He wanted her to play make believe? he replied, fixing the collar of her gray shirt. Megan collapsed on her couch three hours later with a sigh, she was tired. Rufus, her black and white Chihuahua, jumped up next to her on the couch to lick her wrist. David came inside and glanced around. he drawled. Megan turned her sharp green eyes on him. She whacked him in the head with a pillow and lay back down on the couch. he replied with a shrug. He jumped up and pulled her into a hug. Megan replied as he handed her a glass of wine. Alright, so my editing of Making Him Believe begins! Author's note: So I know I've been gone for a long time, and trust me when I say that it's not my fault. Haha, after you read it of course. she muttered, tone an octave higher. Cool air blasted her face as she stepped out on the porch. He was impeccable, as always, she couldn't help but notice. He laughed. She had to laugh. Suddenly, there was a loud bang, and noise erupted from behind them. Her body instinctively reacted to the sound of his voice. He smirked. He grabbed her arm and pulled her against his strong, hard chest. she asked, venom in her voice. His voice was frustrated. His gaze was utterly pissed off. she asked, not out of curiosity, but because she needed her name to write on her Hit List. Lainey couldn't help herself, but she let her jaw drop. She rolled her eyes. She grabbed him into place, her body pressed tightly against him that no space existed between them. She slipped from his hold, ignoring his furious gaze. Eight minutes later, I heard the familiar swing of my window and a faint thud hit my floor. With my eyes closed, I frowned a little. He stood in the dark, tall and powerful. If he knew, he would completely destroy me. Jeez, now he was being nice. I stiffened instinctively. Damn him for always being on my mind. Without any more words, I listened to him drop his pants, remove his shoes; he lifted the covers and slickly slipped under my covers. he whispered, his breath making me shiver. He chuckled, amused. Like always, at 4:30, I fell asleep. he called from the bed. In other words, he looked sexy. I shrugged noncommittally. Right. Reed'sThe bathroom door shut in his face and he had to bark out a laugh. Like all mornings he was in her room, he eventually returned to the bed to arrange the sheets. Disinterested, he glanced down. Suddenly, the bathroom door creaked open. He snickered. Reed gave her a mocking look. he said hoarsely, under his breath. Lainey laughed lightly,  she lied smoothly and slipped the textbook back into her giant purse. Lisa rolled her eyes, as if wondering why she hung out with such a nerd. Lainey barely glanced, but she managed to see who they were talking about. Mina placed her weight on one leg, and her voluptuous hips were suddenly more defined in Lainey's eyes. God, even her voice was sexy. Angeli cast her a curious glance, but Lainey stared steadily at the space between Reed and Mina. He breaks through everyone. Lainey smiled at Mina. she purred. Reed was looking at her expectantly, his eyes cruel. Mina didn't bother hiding her distasteful expression. Lainey's eyes flitted to Reed because his eyes were practically grilling her skull. he sneered, not bothering to let his mind register the state of her room. Her hair was still wavy, but her face was free from makeup. she asked, not quite snapping, but the annoyance was there. Jaw clenched, he did as he was told - only so he could snap at her as loud as he could. he repeated, the venom still in his voice, but the rage disappeared. She seemed to be in the playful mood. One arm went around his neck, and the other around his waist. Disgusted, he stepped away from her hold. He felt his head throbbing. She pulled her head back to look at him in the eyes. He watched a brief flicker of jealousy across her eyes, and for that moment, he felt satisfied. She smiled a real smile, and he felt himself relax. She laughed under her breath, pulling away. He was first to break the stare. Josh raised an eyebrow, the smirk still occupying his face. Reed ignored the other urge - yeah, you know the urge to kill? He needed to put himself together. Lainey rolled away from her clock, half-annoyed, half-disheartened - mostly annoyed - and threw the covers off her body. His free hand flew to his eye, and he couldn't believe how shocked - and proud - he was of her. Lainey's face was absolutely cold. Her eyebrows rose, and he saw the disbelief in her face. That wasn't even the worse part. she said lowly, almost deprecatingly. He narrowed his eyes, hearing his heart pound in his ears. he drawled, lazily leaning against the wall. His jaw tightened. She suddenly looked different. She brought her head up, and the movement also made him look. But that wasn't even the case with him, was it? But did he really? She was still smiling lightly,  she asked, like every other time she asked. That moment, he didn't care. he said, slowly straightening. she started, her voice inquisitive, slightly trembling; she was scared. He shook his head a little. he said lamely. was her soft reply. she muttered, turning her face away from him. He expected a jab, or a haughty retort. But instead, she nodded her head. She smiled, a real genuine smile; it was better than the one she used with that jackass, Terry, too. He remembered that too. But only because she didn't want him bitching at her in the night. They were lying straight through their fucking teeth. Oh. It's quite simple really. Every year of my life since we met he has stolen something from me. He stole that too. In Grade 5 he took away my Best Friend. Needless to say, our friendship ended there. Listen to me. Today is the first day of my senior year, then I'm free from High School forever. We have uniform with includes a black pleated skirt (for girls) and a white polo with the school's crest on the breast pocket. My tights are not white, but fishnet, with a pair of ankle-high black boots. Enough about me. I can see new students streaming into the school from where I'm sitting. I think I'm going to go say hi. Her name is Tori Roberts. I'm having music now, slumped at the back of the class. I do have friends. Okay now he's meters away and still coming. That's one thing about me as well. I'm supposed to be reviewing this piece of music that the teacher just gave us. Another long hour to go. There was this commotion outside the school office. Putting aside the fact that I want to see our new principal and decided how long they're going to last, I was also wondering if there was any new boys. So normally when all these sighs come up in the direction of the entrance of the office, Madison is going to be there craning her neck trying to get a better look. That's when I see him. I feel for my gender. I can figure out who the new guy is later. And you know what's disturbing? Madison, I told myself, calm down. Screw it. I cocked an eyebrow in his direction. I don't believe it. Principal Curtis was extremely happy to see me by the way, which creeped me out immensely, and he told me to come to the office so that I could meet his son. Miss. Okay still writing in my book, waiting. No wait. I groan. Okay closing book now. Rose Mary tilted her head back and soaked in the tropical rays, the UVs warming her skin slathered in SPF 60. Rose Mary asked out of the side of her mouth to her best friend lounging beside her on the deck of the sail boat near the prow. she snorted, making a perfectly valid point. he lied, impish lopsided grin playing across a set of lips so full he looked like he may have been stung by a swarm of bees. Rose Mary said, taking her soda from him. ventured Tana as though she'd just been asked a trick question. he teased. Olivier pretended not to eye the tall dark beauty and her petite blonde friend. Though maybe he could risk a quick glance at the girls as, at this moment, Brielle was ever so slight preoccupied with flirtatiously requiring the first mate's help to embark the elegant sailboat they were all sharing. cut in a snappish voice. Tana asked in a reasonable semblance of disinterested monotone,  Rose snickered politely, her attention given over too fully to the undeniably attractive French man who had just boarded the boat after what was obviously his girlfriend. agreed Tana. muttered the blonde. choose love! Zara Challoner propped her chin with a hand, as she watched him from her vantage spot a couple booths away. It was the college brochure's fault. Even the professors seemed not to notice her: a petite girl with shoulder-length dark hair. The guy finished eating his strange cereal. She grabbed her things and fled. It was only four o'clock, but the smell of cigarette smoke was thick in the air. Zara tugged on her backpack's straps. Suddenly happier, she headed east. She shrieked in surprise. The guy glared back at her. She simply stared at him. She flashed up her billfold at him. He snorted. It really wasn't her day, she thought ten minutes later. People waved their homemade signs. As she stood there, her backpack weighing down on her shoulders, Zara finally admitted the brutal truth: she didn't belong here in Boston, especially when she didn't know anyone. Home was oh-so very far away, and since she had nothing left, she made the weary trek back to her room. was he? Oh boy. My. Try it sometime. What was he…? me earlier"? continued our passionate make out session – Aphrodite never saw this coming. Now fixed: Aphrodite (why could I not spell that right before. him to come back down from his room. Stone Kingsley has never been the epitome of calm when it comes to standing in a crowded room. I give his a hand an encouraging squeeze and almost immediately his tensed shoulders relax. I suppose he was right to some extent. Thus, I was dragged into this family mess. We play our parts very well as the loving husband and wife. I shake my head sadly and take a sip of the champagne I had snagged: we both know whom he would pick. Little does he know, I stopped pretending a long time ago. snickered in unison. knew how much the kid could see without them? in and a suspension would kill his chances at his favorite schools. blood with his words. his business. control the kid's pain and someone was encroaching on his territory. the kid was waiting for his beating. around,Why does that matter? out of that house for good. Ryan. plucked it up. inside. Why? looked incredulous. kid. about others? best if he left now. the effect your actions will have on someone. man see him cry. other detail. him. just couldn't stop them. a waste of life anyway. another bout of hysterics. go. voice. school for what he'd done to the kid. staring back at him. them back. on the matter. be going to and from school with me at all times. than his girlfriend. needed to know. parents know? come to terms with staying with me if we leveled the playing field. infatuation with a certain arrogant brat named Cole Roderick. ". description. This sucks. Reese sat there, staring up at him dumbly. she asked, her voice obviously full of dread. you're serving here, maybe I'll stay for a while. earth," Reese answered nastily. singer in Wheaten's choir. worshipped as he. doing homework, and he was actually rather funny. attracted to the boy in front of her, she offered a smile back. meant to be a harsh demand. him? pizza diner? chocolate curls. cut off. its cancellation. skinny dipping! Just leave. eye. He knows my name. he bellowed again when she prepared to pull the trigger. situation by being this close to him. breath hitching slightly. she stuttered for something to say. he asked, his voice a mixture of confusion, annoyance, and. Please. attack. "I suppose it's a little cliché. no matter if you loved or hated it. Gunnar wakes up in his dorm room on a Friday in April and notices three things in rapid succession. The boys just stare at each other for a solid five-count, both waiting for some kind of explanation the other doesn't have. And here he draws a blank because, well, because he's ill-equipped to deal with his current situation, obviously. He scrubs viciously away at his body, taking stock of the damages which quickly reveal themselves as the paint-colored water sweeps down the drain. After indulging himself, he creeps back to his room, not relishing in the idea that he might see someone in the hallway. He dresses like it's a normal Friday and that he'll be walking across campus at 10:40am. As his first post-forgetting action, he flips open his phone and deletes the incriminating text. The problem that he's unwilling to admit is that the whole thing is still driving him crazy. He orders a coffee. He shrugs, takes a sip of his coffee, and checks his watch. He smirks a little, because let's be real, that was the most interesting break up he's ever had, and swaggers to class to make it right as the professor is reading his name off the role-sheet. Everything seems to be looking up until 11:32 when his teacher is doing a great monotone reproduction of every fucking word the textbook already taught him, and Gunnar is squirming in his seat to get out of there. Teeth scrape across his inner thigh and he's never been more aroused or ashamed in his life. But it doesn't help. His own fingers, each one of them dipped in a different color, sliding down his (whose? Coming. It takes him longer than he'd like to admit to calm his breathing down from the panting gulping gasps that his orgasm left him with. From what he's gathered, last night began with a party (as most of these types of things do). In present time, Gunnar's head thunks against a tree. Only that he had brown hair that was a little too silky to get a good grip on, but long enough to try. Gunnar hisses, because he's sitting under a tree completely failing at this Buddha thing because he's really not coping well with all this thinking. The only thing he really has to go on is the coffee. And then he's to his feet and his thighs are straining a little because they're sore and he smiles because if he's right, they'll be sore tomorrow as well. A/N: What the fuck am I doing? Harrison". to talk to you? know. my cue to leave. say for sure. to do . and I could easily imagine. Andrew Wiser and I hated everything about him. . to say. To be continued. This story is rated M for cursing and future. love reviews! yea! Better Together by KateAfter her fiancé dumps her, Violet Littleton wants nothing to do with love and the entire ridiculous concept of it. Olivia sighed but remained silent. Now, on a dreary and overcast Sunday afternoon, Olivia watched as her friend dealt with her secret heartbreak the only way she knew how. Violet sat on the floor of her miniscule living room in front of the coffee table currently covered with photo albums and shoeboxes that contained every single memory captured of her with Mike. Perhaps she could just cut Mike out of that particular picture. With a sigh, and after almost two hours of, once again, removing Mike from her life, she fell back onto the soft carpet. At least she still had Olivia but it didn't surprise her that she was there. But even though the two knew everything about one another, Violet still would not show any more of her pain in front of Olivia. She took a lock of hair and twirled it around her finger. After tucking a loose strand behind her ear, he had then proceeded to compliment her about her violet eyes. That was all it took. Instead, she stood and stared at her reflection distantly in the mirror above the sink. Why was it that he had such an effect on her? Taking a shaky breath, she stepped into the shower and immediately tried to drown herself underneath the stream of hot water. But that wasn't Violet's way. Maybe after she moved back into the land of city night living, she'd be able to sleep again, too. It was just like her. He was such an idiot. He wasn't a complete cynic when it came to love and relationships. But he was twenty-six years old. Except the fact that Jen had showed up that night at Humpy's, knowing damn well that it was his bar and that on a Sunday night, it was guaranteed that he would be there with his other friends. Finishing the cigarette, not enjoying it as much as he usually did, Jamie flicked it to the ground then stood up and stretched his arms above his head. He scratched his fingers through his dark brown hair, once shaved close to his head but now was growing out to be quite shaggy in its natural curls. The smells of spilled beer and smoke immediately wafted into his nose and he sucked the scents greedily into his lungs. At the thought of her, he scanned the bar and spotted her talking to Ben. Whoa. She gave him a slight smile and Jamie immediately felt his head whirl. But he had to be near her. No one was allowed to have such beautiful brown eyes, Violet decided as the man from across the bar kept his power over her. There was quite the distance between them at the moment but Violet still felt something, almost like a pull towards him. Toby adamantly refused, shaking his head and nursing his beer slowly, savoring the taste, letting the slightly bitter liquid flow over his tongue and down his throat. It was, of course, not true. Violet didn't pay any attention to her friends though. he said in response. Someone next to her cleared their throat and the spell was broken. Violet looked at her one other best friend that concluded their usual quartet that had remained at the table. Her eyes in a word were simply amazing. Jamie, fortunately, was neither and nothing in the world could pull him out of that booth. Jamie smiled, quite aware of what she was trying to do. She laughed and Jamie smiled. She watched, holding her breath as he took her hand resting on the table and intertwined their fingers. Violet said, watching as his fingers played with hers. she smiled and he laughed. Jamie explained. He was not about to end this conversation. Violet looked past him and saw Jen still making her way over though Jamie's friend tried to stop her, placing his body continually in front of her. It was a cool, damp night and it smelled like rain in the air. Jamie smirked, straightening and stretching his arms. He gently deposited her back to her feet but she did not move away from him. She looked at him as if she couldn't believe that he had said such a thing. That broke the mood and Violet burst out laughing, shaking her head and playfully pushing him from her. She wondered what he looked like naked. Jamie grinned. She laughed, shaking her head. Wait. He was still listening. Violet blinked at him, trying to figure out what he was talking about. She smiled, laughing slightly, upon realizing what he was doing. she said softly and Jamie nodded his head in approval. Jamie stopped in mid-chew of his third slider and stared at her. She nodded again, not nervous in the least. He would let her think that if that was what she wanted. The hunger was evident in his eyes. It was then that Dominique glanced his way. Now, here they were together, in front of Notre Dame. White blonde hair whipped around to glance at the door in annoyance. Opening it slowly, she came face to face with her very irate mother. The girl sighed and twirled around showing her mother what she wore. The woman nodded and grinned not hearing the sarcastic tone her daughter had used on her. Another sigh escaped her lips. Alethea Malloy, or plainly known as Lea, was angered by this. Going back to the party, Shelly Gregory, the daughter of a famous movie director, was having a Holloween party in their house, or rather their mansion. After that, Kendra, Lea's mother, was extremely delighted and often badgered Lea on going to that supposed party. With trepidation, Lea stepped out of their house and sighed as she found her mother already in their 1995 Honda Civic. To walk home or not to walk home, Lea thought nervously. Lea noticed that it would have been easier if her mother drove her up to the front of the entrance and not the gate. Like many others, there were columns that supported the roof by the main entrance of the vast house. She thought it was so high tech but that thought soon vanished when she saw the butler looking man behind the doors. Lea was then led to where the party was supposed to be by the funny looking butler. With a final sigh, she entered the room opening the doors herself and found that the chamber looked precisely like a ballroom. Lea, however, knew that she wouldn't enjoy just standing here by the entrance. Pushing herself through a mass of very sweaty bodies, she couldn't see any DJ playing so Lea wondered where the music was coming from. Still pushing through bodies she persisted to her destination. The sudden change of atmosphere hit Lea full force. Not really feeling hungry, Lea left the room as she saw another set of doors in the opposite corner from where she stood. Looking to her left, Lea saw that it was a dead end and the wall there had a wide high window that was covered by rich red colored curtains. An awed expression soon covered her face the moment she stepped unto the vast chamber and stared at the tricky designed chandelier overhead. Smiling to herself, Lea climbed the flight and avoided looking at the girls for they seemed to be conversing about something important. In the moment of her annoyance, she felt the back of her neck start to prickle. Lea was startled and looked at his attire. Lea took it and with a final smirk, he left her. That finally done, Lea proceeded on her previous task and looked for a room to read her book. Grabbing her book from her bag, she opened it to the bookmarked page ready to read. Standing just a few paces from the sofa Lea was sitting on stood a man that looked to be at least six feet tall. Very slowly, as he still looked at her, the man sluggishly walked to her side and sat down beside her. Tobias stopped from talking and his features suddenly turned serious. Lea felt offended. Tobias hastily stood up and grabbed a pocket watch from the inside pocket of his coat. When he looked at her, Lea stepped back in surprise. Lea protested from going anywhere but she couldn't get free from him. Lea didn't understand any of these and so decided to look around. Without warning, he sprang up from where he stood that, if the two guys didn't stop him, he would have tackled Lea to the ground in an instant. Lea was now scared. Hearing a frightening shriek of anger from Denny, Lea bolted to the door. Next thing she knew. I do hope you found it nice enough though. miracles in his own twisted way. ". even seems scared of him. something…well. good. (A/N: Just so you know, I am not English, nor American, therefore, my mother language is not English and it is Portuguese, a language completely different from English, so please, forgive me about some really bad (and stupid) mistakes that may appear in this chapter and/or in the next ones. Kimberly Roberts is a responsible twenty two year old woman, who works, studies and takes care of her younger, seventeen year old sister Sidney. The young man said when both women finally reached him, with no smile to offer, though. He watched her from bottom to top, noticing her long and waved, shining red hair, falling through her shoulders and back. It was her turn to gaze at him. He hadn't told her he lived there! She didn't answer right away. Kimberly understood what Lisa said. After spending the entire afternoon moving their things to the new house, they were all tired. She liked the house. She started,  She said, warning her best friend, at the same time her eyes were on her watch. Lisa revealed. She walked towards it, hurrying inside. He gave her a smile, though he never smiled when in the strip club. As soon as her hands grabbed the silver pole, all the men's attention was focused on her laced, black mini top, practically a bra, showing almost every part of her perfect breasts and her sexy, mini laced black panties, which showed off her glowing thighs and legs. She was just a beautiful woman. A/N:I'm finally back! The annoying shrill voice rang through my ears but I made no notice to it. she clung on to my side. But forgetting about her, would require thinking about her. I strolled out of my house towards my car. When I pulled into the mall parking lot. I turned my head and saw Sarah staring back at me. Wow. When she came back out. I turned around and saw Nate grinning behind me. I stared ahead for a moment and then shook my head. But of course, fifteen minutes later, I found myself walking thorugh the front door. Troy grinned. I stormed out of the house before he could say anything, letting my anger get the best of me again. An- yes I have done it again, I started another smaller story not updating my other stories. Summary- Ilan is American, born 18 years prior, speaks English, and is Jewish. Warning- this is slash and it does deal with serious situations. My backyard is HUGE! Unfortunately, the butt of my problems isn't school or anything like that. But I do have problems. Besides that, my life hasn't been too complicated. When I was six years old, someone went through my backyard, and let me tell you that is rare. So imagine my surprise when a blonde hair, blue eyed guy with a swastika on his arm goes running through my backyard. The first shot jerked a lot more then anything else I had shot before, but I was a good aim. I shout. He blinks at me again and looks like he's debating something. Yeah I honestly can't say that happens a lot in this town. That's my sister Alyai. Who am I kidding? I hang up the phone and roll my eyes. I put the gun back in the garage where its stored and go back into the kitchen. Mica says smiling while he messes up my hair. That gets my attention. She asks softly. I repeat myself louder and effectively cut her off. Dad drops his fork and his head whips around to me. He says like I had blurted that out. Dad gets like this. I can't argue with that. Alyai throws me a cold look. I snap. I am indignant. I state. I shout. Slowly, everyone nods and when I'm satisfied I sit back down. I roll my eyes and make a frown with my mashed potatoes. little. Five seconds later, Flo burst into the hallway. intoxicating to look at. repertoire. chin. A/N, please read: This story is set in Sweden (but don't let that put you off. God bless. Sebastian shot him an annoyed look and got up from the sweaty bed, unlit cigarette dangling from between rose lips and his dark chocolate hair falling in tousled locks around his face. Leaning slightly forward, he looked down at the street below; the cars, the students on their bikes, the young mothers pushing prams all looked like miniatures from five floors up. Still naked, he sat down on the window-seat, putting his slender feet up on the white-lacquered surface. Suddenly remembering to, he removed the condom and tied it up. He threw the lighter back to David, and inhaled a lungful of the thick grey smoke. This was the downside of taking a photography student and making him your fuckbuddy. Besides, there was definitely a little vain streak in his personality that actually enjoyed having his picture taken. Finishing the cigarette, he walked back to the bed to put it out in the glass ashtray on the bedside table. Sebastian replied and returned the smile. Sebastian was just about to change position again when he accidentally caught a glimpse of the digital alarm clock. He ran over to the bathroom and helped himself to David's deodorant and body spray. David said and threw on a pair of designer jeans and a white t-shirt. They got into the old-fashioned lift together. David pulled the iron bar doors open and they stepped out of the lift. The first stage of the ride was easy. Then he leaned in and gave David a quick kiss. Sebastian was just about to say something clever back to her when the teacher started talking. Sebastian called after her. Waiting for Erika to get back, he quietly observed the other guests. By one of the big round tables there was a group of girls in their late teens or early twenties. Getting bored from waiting for Erika, he opened his bag and got his mobile phone out. He sighed heavily and then erased the message. She stuck her tongue out at him. Sebastian sighed and looked up at Erika's compassionate face. Erika reached out and started twirling a lock of his hair around her finger, making little soothing noises. Sebastian hissed and straightened himself, putting a hand to the back of his head to make sure that she hadn't pulled the hair out. It had turned out to be quite the satisfactory solution. Sebastian was in equal parts amused and annoyed at the attention he received from Robert. They'd had one single rendezvous over the years. Apart from Robert, there were seven other guys; most of them younger than Sebastian, and pretty annoying in their various ways, but then there was that gorgeous exchange student from France. He unlocked the door to his room and stepped inside. Sebastian paced back and forth in his room, making sure he'd not left anything behind. No. AN: I fought through and wrote. Our car's in the driveway. My dad's outside stomping his feet and screaming curses at whoever hit his car while he was backing out of the driveway. I wince. Promptly, Dad spins on his heel and faces me. Leaning forward, I peep into the front seat. He sighs, running a hand down his face and slumping his shoulders. Wii tennis is on, and my mother take a lengthy leap in front of the TV. I freeze, still holding up the bottle of syrup over my plate. Kent used to chuck snowballs with rocks hidden in them at me with his friends. He shrugs and continues to scrub the skillet in the sink. I make a squeaking noise whenever I have to go back into the kitchen. I take large gulps of water until the lump in my throat passes and suddenly the house is quiet. This is good. I say quietly, pushing my French toast pieces around my plate. I let out a whoosh of air. I hum, pleased with his response. I feel like I should be more comfortable in my own home, but I'm not. The warning bell rings, and I notice Carlee staring at something across the hall. she says, shaking her head. I shrug. I glower. Later, my mom gives me a ride home before she heads off to do some errands. I roll my eyes, letting that go. I feel Kent's gaze on me, but I don't take my eyes off the floor. Kent drops what he's doing and brings himself over to me. The corners of Kent's lips twitch before he finally breaks into a genuine smile. His teeth are lovely. I don't even mind that he didn't actually answer my question. Carlee pauses. What? Carlee pouts, reaching out to hold my hand. Shouldn't she know by now how horribly bad I am with people? She bobs her head to the radio and taps her fingers on the steering wheel as she drives. I shake my head,  My mom uses the term flower-boy to point out attractive men. Mom says in a singsong voice. I don't realize I'm holding my breath until I leave my parents' bedroom. I stay inside for most of the afternoon, meaning I don't see Kent. When Carlee picks me up, she's wearing a nice blue blouse and dark jeans. I don't think I look too bad. I look down at my own jeans and knit sweater. The house itself isn't very big, but it sits on a hill and is a square mile away from any neighbors. An hour later, I'm utterly lost. A shirtless girl is passed out on the floor, and I decide to shift her body so that she doesn't choke on her own vomit. Marcos takes a random cup from the coffee table and drinks from it. Marcos snorts. Kent adjusts his position and re-folds his arms over his chest. My face falls. He doesn't ask me to elaborate. Kent interrupts me, speaking very slowly. Kent suddenly looks uncomfortable. I whimper. Peeking from behind Kent, I see Carlee with Andrew Wilcox, leaning against the door frame leading into the basement. And suddenly I notice everyone else. Carlee's giggling and panting everywhere. What kind of moron crashes his poor stepmother's car and basically gets AWAY with it? I screech. I say loudly with a new determination. I pout, feeling my face heat up. The rest of the ride home is silent and I make a show of looking out my window and not at Kent. That feeling comes back again. I talk to Kent on Saturday. As the days pass, I realize how genuinely nice Kent is. Since that Friday, Kent's routinely at my house after his soccer practice, where he does household chores and talks with me. I barely see Carlee at all, meaning I have no one to eat with. Or why I get all tingly when he smiles at me. This is also okay. I ask, smiling. Psh. Kent glances at me and shifts in his seat. Kent raises an eyebrow, catching my eye. I like Kent. She was so deliriously happy when I told her. I think she also told my dad, but even if she did, he has totally brushed it off. I've never met anyone that lets me babble on and on about virtually nothing like Kent does. I squint over each brand; it figures that the one kind my mom wants is on the very top shelf. I have no idea why I'm in such a good mood today. Winter break is in a week and I've been wondering whether or not I should get a gift for Kent. Someone is at the other end of the aisle, and I call them. Carlee tries to avoid eye contact with me, so instead, I focus on the box she's hiding behind her back. Carlee reaches over to touch my arm, but I recoil. My jaw drops. The anger is no longer good. I say through gritted teeth. I step back, struck. I stand in the middle of the store's pharmacy for a few minutes. Taking my own glance into the mirror, I cringe. He swats away my hands, rolling his eyes. he says softly, pulling me closer. I mumble, hugging him a little bit tighter. I blush, squeezing my eyes and pressing closer to him. I follow behind him quietly, keeping my head down, when Kent sighs suddenly and stops. I answer distractedly, still staring at mine and Kent's hands. I nod. I scratch the back of my neck, feeling awkward. Carlee waves a hand, cutting me off. Looking over my shoulder, I stare almost longingly at the entrance to the restrooms. He shrugs, taking my arm and looping it around his. I'm not sure why, but I've been very distracted lately. My face turns red, and I'm more than slightly horrified with myself. He laughs, and my heart quickens. I distract myself by petting the carpet with my feet. I say, almost shouting. My parents wave goodbye, and my mom even makes the move to kiss his cheek. Kent looks thoughtful. The holidays go by quickly. I don't get any texts or calls or emails from Kent. For most of the first week of January, I watch Kent use his new Mitsubishi. He's probably driving to Andrew's house or something. I say casually. At around four a. I choke. he growls. Kent scowls. he says under his breath. Kent exhales. I look up and exhale. When he finally pulls back, Kent holds onto my arms, searching my eyes. I've never kissed anyone before Kent. AN: Kudos on reaching the end (Seriously). something to replace water. pretty waterfall. dating. hate her. be packed. do not groan. rush over. sky, what am I meant to do? I curse. poor bastard have spotted them? I'm panicking. me? The wind blew thin white sheets of paper over the freshly cut grass. Jade Harris said from frustration. Jade turned her attention from those happy for fun ahead. a deep voice said from behind. Jade looked at the sandwich bag that contained the wet paper. a deep, but familiar, voice echoed. Jade looked down the road again and began to walk down the sidewalk to the next street light. the leader yelled to Jade. the leader yelled, jumping in front of her. a thin guy asked. Jade said angrily to him. Jade yelled, struggling to get out of the guys grasp. Jade closed her eyes when the leader swung his hand at her. Jade turned around to confront the leader reaching out for her. the dirty blonde urged with an outreached hand. Jade informed her companion, her breathing was coming out in short rapid breaths. he said, handing her a black helmet. Jade said anxiously. Jade held on for her life as the guy swirled between rushing cars and around sharp curves. the guy admitted to her. she said walking towards the blonde. Looking the least bit amused, Jade turned and pointed. Jade pitched the sandwich bag on the table and fumbled to get it opened. she asked questioningly. Jade ripped off the wrapping and opened a velvet box. Jade placed the glasses back on and concentrated on her work. Zach, who was 22, thought it was a good thing his dad had found happiness. Zach smiled at the fact that Jade was so tough. Zach said. Zach shouted while running up the steps and walked to his room. Just a little heads up before you read this story. A/N: This was supposed to be a one-shot, so it jumps sometimes, but then it started writing itself out on my head, so I decided to make it a full story. SLASH STORY. Oliver turned his head to look at his best friend, looking blankly at the thick, dark hair, and the sharp cheekbones with shadows cast beneath them due to the streetlight above them. Once again, Felix had beaten him at a fencing tournament, this time at the semifinals. Felix said softly, watching him get into the car. His best friend relaxed against the seat. His best friend was silent for a long time. Too bad his hypothetical light saber skills were still never going to be good enough. He wasn't a sore loser, he just hated losing; he hated that all his practice and effort would all go to waste. He was pretty sure Felix had no idea what he felt every time he lost against him. Oliver looked back and saw Felix running after him, his bag over his shoulder. Felix laughed, pushing open the cafeteria doors. Oliver waved at him over his shoulder. What is wrong with me? Oliver almost laughed too, but he caught himself. It was almost like Felix couldn't find anything else to say after that. Oliver stopped, wincing at Felix's voice. Felix's eyes widened as Oliver sighed. There were dry laughs as everyone in the pool pulled themselves out of the water for their dives, all of them used to their PE teacher's horrible sense of humor. The second their teacher blew his whistle, Oliver dived into the pool, pulling his arms out in front of him and cutting into the water. Oliver's shoulders rose and fell as he regained his breathing, looking up at their teacher, his face full of disbelief. He was ready to get out of the pool when someone tapped his shoulder. Oliver looked down at the hand, his fists clenching underneath the water. He really didn't know what to feel toward Felix anymore. Felix glanced at him, his bare shoulders falling. Once again, his Darth Vader had defeated him. He looked up at the ceiling, his hands pressed against the side of his head in a weak attempt to numb the throbbing pain. He froze when he realized what he was wearing. the entire school? Leland sat in a stuffy suit and tie that he hadn't worn in years and he felt like the collar was trying to suffocate him. It was two thirty on a Thursday afternoon and Leland was on his third and last interview of the day. Having parked his bum on the seat inside the Headmasters office, Leland counted it as a victory despite Mr. Hitchcock's extreme reluctance to meet his eyes. Leland tried to look like he was listening, but his attention was slipping. Leland would have strongly disagreed with someone describing Julian Moore as an upstanding citizen of society, but he had a feeling that it would only anger Mr. Itchyco- Hitchcock. Breaking it off was the best thing that Leland had done for years. Mr Hitchcock sighed and shook his head. Leland opened his mouth but closed it again. The Headmaster said but didn't offer his hand to shake. By the time he got home, he's moved past pissed and settled on something between resigned and just plain exhausted, not sure where the physical part of it ended and the mental began. Two hours later found Leland with his legs kicked up on the coffee table watching Star Trek: The Next Generation and eating cereal straight from the box. Leland gave a noncommittal shrug. Leland shot Nathan a distracted glance. Leland waved his hand in the air. Nathan sighed in exasperation and rolled his eyes to the ceiling. Looking through the Nanny vacancies on the Internet, Leland was beginning to despair. Family seeking a Monday, Thursday and either Tuesday or Wednesday sole charge Nanny to care for an eight-year-old energetic and lively son. Leland wasn't stupid, despite popular belief. -Fed Up With  Nanny Care and domestic helpBusy, disorganized but well-intentioned divorced, single father with full custody of five-year-old daughter in desperate need of help keeping our lives on track. After pursuing your resume, I would like to set up an interview with you to meet you in person and for you to meet my daughter (the final and most grilling test of all). Leland couldn't help but sag in relief. Stephen. is nice. May 1. Anyway, this story is going to a MAJOR cliche! Summary: Slash! He whines, looking down at me with his big, fucking gorgeous puppy dog eyes. Psht. Before I can even blink, I'm pinned against the brick wall of a nearby building. His tongue is slowly teasing my lips- god that fucking tongue. He jumps out of the way when my foot lashes out, hell-bent on tripping him. What the fuck? He explains. Ice cream? We order our ice cream and sit down at one of the dirty tables outside. Rolling my eyes, I take a lick of my 'unmanly' ice cream and try to ignore the fact that he's the one who ordered rainbow ice cream with rainbow sprinkles. He's watching me now. Instead of eating it though, he takes it from my hand and puts it on the table. His tongue runs over the inside of my cheeks and my teeth before finally tangling itself with my tongue. One of the first things I become aware of is the silence. I turn my head to see who says this. A guy rides past on his bike. I frown. He frowns. VERY IMPORTANT NOTE! Oh, yes. Review if you feel like it. Tell me what, Jared? anger wash over me. You're mad. said, exasperated. "Ok, you do that. of his eyes. Score! pretty close. And score again! crotch – but I must have patience. that curiosity. Play it out awkwardly, Alec. zipping up my pants. anyone. I had hoped my brother was innocent. I wasn't stupid. They'd whispered about how hot he was, how great in bed. Krein asked, uncertain and a little fearful. I still hadn't said anything. He coughed and scooted closer to the table. I added and continued to study him. He thought I was there as judge and jury. I ordered in soft voice, but I knew my voice was hard. It wasn't that I had steel in my voice. Krein sat there. The number two to one of the most powerful drug empires that spanned across my nation sat captivated in his chair. He held so much power for too long. His veins stuck out against his pale skin. I wanted to know why—why to so many questions. I told my brother for reasons I didn't understand. My brother didn't like to hear that. Yes, I was a lot like my brother. He needed to blink those tears back again. Krein breathed out again. My brother had been fearful when I first sat down. My brother didn't understand me. The town talked in reverence of him. An alcoholic and abusive father that still lived. Jace wouldn't bring her into his work so he sent her away for a better life. It had happened anyway. And with that question, everything sifted away. I was running from my past, but not by my own choice. That was the only way to explain how I ended up in a podunk town, population 1,517—just enough people to plant some fence posts to house the cow pies and barn dances. My father called Splinter Bridge  and  and a . I could feel my arms straining under the weight of the box. Didn't he even think to ask me if I wanted to be here? The only thing that meant squat to him was a cold can of beer. So mom died. But at least I could stand the site of the park my parents used to job through, I thought. And now look at me! I sighed and tried to calm down. In one year I'd be out of high school and I could go back to Edmonton. I bit my lip as I pushed the cans even farther back to make room for another row. I actually imagined this town with this dense, almost dark aura around it. A voice asked and then a stern-looking lady was turning into the aisle with her hands on her hips. She frowned slightly, a crease running between her brows. I replied. I nodded, only hoping I could keep the promise. I shrugged. I responded and turned back to my work as she moved toward the entrance. I knew it was bad to judge Eva on-sight, but I was the worst for that. She was one of those voluptuous types that flirted with every guy and flaunted as much as she could in a public place. If anyone was to be called adorable, it was me. Great. Eva flashed an automatic smile, the one she flashed at everyone and held up two bottles of nail polish. I almost rolled my eyes. So she went for older men. I had no problem agreeing with her on that statement. Woah. This subject was getting a little uncomfortable for me. Saved by the bell. Eva and I eyed each other for a moment before we set off in a fit of giggles. I took a deep breath and tried to stop myself from laughing, but one look at Eva's smirking face sent me off again. I just shook my head wonderingly. A small smile crossed my face. It left me thinking, 'Jeez, what did I ever do to you? Eva protested to Caysee, twirling. She cut off suddenly and they both sent glances in my direction. I shrugged and told my curiosity not to get the best of me. I picked up the empty box that I'd left in the aisle and started to move toward the back room. Julie started to shove passed me and then thought better of it. I nearly stumbled over my feet and her hand was pinching my arm. I almost snorted derisively. There was the sound of feet again and I groaned. Just say no! Sue pulled back. I hurried out the door and into the night before she could change her mind. Once upon a time, my father's kingdom was great. Millions of creatures from all the different species of our world bowed down and swore their allegiance to my father and mother. Author's Note: This is a redo of a previous story I'd done. Our fingers brushed and we froze. To get back at him for embarrassing me -- whether he had done it on accident or what, I didn't care -- I shot past him to get to the front of the line. I was sitting at the bus stop, waiting, when I saw him again. For some reason, the person put his hand in the space between us and shifted himself closer, letting his hand slide along my leg as he lifted it and placed it on his leg. Music was blasting in my ears, so I didn't hear him, not that I wanted to. But my peace was destroyed when someone pulled the earphone out of my ear and said,  I jerked my head around, almost knocking heads with the Music Shop guy. I muttered. It was my favourite, too. He raised his eyebrows and showed me the toothpaste he was buying. He took his sweet time getting his wallet out and opening it to the middle. I snapped, grabbing for the money. He let go and I stumbled back, not anticipating him to acquiesce so quickly. Still he waited for me to put the money in his hand, as if I was his servant or something. At home that night, I sat in my room, listening to my CD. I scowled harder at my wall, wishing it would spontaneously burst into flames. James appeared the next day on the opposite side of the street to what I was on. I screeched and threw my hands up in surprise, stepping back. Before I could decide, I hit the ground. I muttered, more humiliated then injured. I said, preparing to sit up. James gave an unexpected bark of laughter and ducked his head. As I walked down the aisle searching for a seat, I looked out the window and was surprised to find James waving at me. I walked into the store with the loud thumping music and immediately relaxed. I yelped and flailed, trying to fight off the hands that covered my arms. I'd already known that. A/N: This is the first story I decided to post here, and I hope you guys like it. I muttered into my pillow. I ignored his protests. I shouted, skidding into the kitchen, the pillow still in my hand. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Carter get up from behind the couch, and reach for the pillow that was still clutched in my fingers. I snorted, and turned my glare back to Taylor. I snapped, heading upstairs. Carter said as I walked towards his car. I tossed my bag in the back seat and climbed in the passenger seat. I resisted the urge to hit Taylor and glared at the road in front of us instead of replying. She screeched. Okay. Lily eyed me thoughtfully. Our coach bellowed. Lily screeched as the three of us headed for our lanes. Joyce said proudly, as though it made her the queen of the world. I asked, climbing up on the block and accepting a swim cap from Lily. Our coach shouted. She was jumping up and down with excitement by this time. She gasped. Joyce said, waving her hands in front of herself dramatically, as though we had started talking. They looked at me as though they'd forgotten I was there. She said. This was me. An unfamiliar male voice said. My eyes slipped down to the fading bruise on his jaw. I replied simply. A voice asked in my ear. I asked. He rubbed the back of his neck. I didn't even try to get up. Yes. I groaned, my laughter dying in my throat. He nodded, his head still on the desk. I replied. I ignored him, shutting my book and stashing it in my bag, then looked straight ahead at Mr. Jacobs. I asked. Alex rubbed the back of his neck nervously. I hesitated for a moment, then shrugged. Mr. Jacobs raised an eyebrow, and I felt my face take on a pink tinge. So the idea for this story came about when my best friend was telling me about a cake she had bought for a friend. This isn't going to be very long. know, I know. sure. you didn't ask them to write that. kitchen. Hi Mom. "Why? a bit annoying, you know that? Riley… What do you say? fucking door now or I'll break it in! swift motion. to dent your door and then moms going to be terribly mad. easier to get along with. liking me? was crazy because he was. kissing those little tramps you bring home all the time. and never go out with any guy? side. threw the first punch. have run off this month. softens almost immediately. going to go to collage a virgin if you keep it up. mumbles standing up. my sexual experiences. with Billy Walters in the back of his. at him questionably. giving me his puppy dog eyes. quickly lifts only to be left with an empty room. We met two years ago. So there I was in his bed, lying next to him. I started, noting the fact the he was breathing rhythmically. I tried to wipe the tears. I stayed silent for a while then continued,  I started. I kissed his lips with my tear-stained ones. I stared at his face for a couple of seconds. I looked at the clock. I stayed silent for while, just letting the tears flow freely. Then I spoke up again. He shuffled some more so I paused. I wasn't crying anymore. He shuffled again and turned to me. I remembered our first time when he wouldn't let me leave right after we had sex. I finally said. I told myself not to say anything stupid. I think that was the first time that I felt like I could truly act like myself. I couldn't believe it at first. Honestly, I didn't particularly care about the humiliation of returning my food. I walked out of that cafeteria in defeat. To be honest, I wasn't really listening to you after that. The reason I was debating about whether or not to go into class was because I was on the verge of dropping out. Oddly enough, you became a motivation of sorts. I was trying not to pay attention, really I was, but they were loud and the things they were saying surprised me. I wasn't naïve. You ignored the girls sitting behind us as they tried to lure you over with their temptress calls. After mid-terms, I found myself attending class every day. Honestly, I went to class mainly because. You were always in class before me so when I noticed you weren't there yet I decided to just go to our usual spot. I didn't want you to walk in and see me being a jerk so I tried to be nice. Your beautiful dark, brown hair looked like a mess. Then I started calling your name. When I got to class, I saw you talking to this girl with gorgeous red hair. With a sharp pang at the pit of my stomach, I realized that maybe you forgot about me. His name was Lucas and he was super nice. Why would you? When you pulled me in this incredibly tight hug, I was pretty sure that I'd catch whatever you had but I didn't care. To my surprise you didn't use me. I was a full-blooded man with needs. I couldn't help but watch as your small body sashayed across the room in that little black dress. I was getting up to say  when I suddenly realized that you weren't alone. I tried to play it off like it was nothing, but when your date finally got up and headed to the restroom I instantly got up. So I believed you when you said that you were going to a birthday party that night, but when I saw you look so beautifully dolled up a flash of jealousy entered my train of thought. I almost wanted to kill myself for just saying the last word, but instead I plastered a fake smile. I had never met a girl that actually ate her steak medium rare so when your order came in I loved the fact that you could wear that little black dress while trying to stuff your face. I thought he was bullshitting me so he made this stupid bet. After a few seconds, I started thinking that he was just messing with my head and then. The priest and I sat that damn confessional in silence after he did his prayer. Father Joseph turned out to be a pretty nice guy. My frat buddies thought I was trying too hard. I had sex before and I knew that you had absolutely no experience with guys. I spent the next week trying to set up openings for you. The first two months with you were heaven. Technically, you went on vacation for five weeks to the Philippines, but still. I didn't know exactly what I was doing, but you accepted me as I was. That first summer without you had to be the hardest summer of my life in an emotional sense. Graduation day in 2009 had to be one of the best days of my life. You told me that you didn't care about your money. So, when you told me that when you went back to Disneyland for two days straight until you found it, I pretty much thought you were completely insane. I couldn't stop scratching my head at how odd you were. You sang only one word. Many people probably wouldn't think much of this, but in the whole time that I had known you, I had never once heard you sing so openly. I think I may have slept under 18 hours the whole fourth week of July 2010. It had to be one of the worst ideas I ever had. I forgot to pack extra blankets and it was freezing at night. You forgot the toilet paper, the blankets, the pillows, and even the food! Heck, it was an adventure. And you want to know why? It took awhile for my brain to process the fact that it was you. To be honest, I couldn't tell you who attended our wedding, I couldn't tell you if the food was any good, I couldn't tell you if my family understood any of your Filipino wedding customs, or if your dad didn't try to kill me for taking away his only daughter. Edited July 14, 2010 and January 31, 2011 because I really suck with grammar, comma usage, keeping details on track. REMOVED indefinitely. OK… minor exaggeration, but still. Someone asked me about doing a one-shot with these characters. It is moments like this that I start to wonder where the hell I went wrong. Is this really my life? he is telling me in that airy California stoner voice I detest—especially on him because it is so obviously an affectation. Then he brushes a fringe of curly black-brown hair out of his heavy lidded eyes with the longest fingers I've ever seen. It's called a title, you idiot. I respond flatly from behind the desk of the white walled gallery where I am stationed. Turkish is dressed in a ripped white t-shirt and exceptionally tight jeans, a bullet belt slung around his narrow hips. Did I mention I hate Turkish? I can feel my cheeks flush in humiliation and I look down and clean my glasses one more time for good measure. So he gets to call me things like 'little dude,' and I have to grit my teeth and take it. I say flatly. he counters, pointing an accusing finger at me,  You know what else is unethical? I mumble as I dial Melissa's cell phone number without looking. I say in my snarkiest voice,  I look up to see if my cutting remark has hit home, but Turkish is just nodding like an idiot. I grumble pathetically. around her waist. Short Summary:          Author's Crap (mine, not yours): God, I suck at summaries. I snapped, narrowing my eyes at my best friend, Vivian  Lennox. Viv laughed so hard, I thought I might've whacked her on the back. Viv announced, taking the bottle from me,  Everyone started hooting, especially the guys. Okay, so that was technically coming from my imagination, but San Ricardo would have been like my thoughts if the city went careless, you know. the girls cooed, sitting in more revealing positions, fixing their hair and batting their lashes. I really didn't think the last sentence was meant for me to hear, but I really didn't care. Oh, you might be wondering why I hated him, right? Until I had accidentally sneezed in Michael's face. Considering Michael being my first date, it was the only thing that came to my mind. Michael sat, elbows on knees, nodding to the girls vying for his attention. Viv cleared her throat as everyone went silent. Viv told me to start, and when I sat up straight and placed the bottle on the wooden floor, I heard some guys telling each other arrogantly that they'd be the one to be with me in the closet. With a deep breath, I touched the bottle and began to spin. Frederick and Viv said in unison, making me snap back to attention. Frederick boomed, clapping and waving his fists in the air like a he won the lottery or something. I really hadn't seen where the bottle was pointing at, but I had a good feeling where it ended up. Viv and I heard someone said in a low voice in my ear. He rolled his eyes. I thought he was going to offer his hand for me to grab, but he didn't. I was imagining her now. Vivian and Frederick were hugging each other for dear life, shaking in fear as their tiny rubber ducky boat slowly sunk to the ground. I could totally be a writer. Viv said eerily outside the closet. And I could still feel him too. When I finally got my comfy spot, I couldn't move my arms. I was told I should write a book about my life. So when it was brought to my attention that my life would be entertaining to read, I had to stop and think for a second. Take my home life, for example. Our parents weren't around. So here I was, seventeen years old, living with my five older brothers, no parents, about to graduate high school, without a care in the world, when my friend suggests I write a book about my life. –  by Diamond RioSydney St. Claire arrived at her weekend job at the resort almost ten minutes late and was met by chaos. Sydney groaned inwardly. Sydney said, smiling tightly, knowing she truly didn't have a choice. Sydney was just preparing to leave when Morna tracked her down. Samuel L. Matherson stared at me from behind his thick prescriptions with a smile that scrunched up his nose and puckered his mouth. To be honest, I wasn't really into Samuel as anything more than a lab partner. I was pretty sure that whoever I mentioned would most certainly have not been in the same social circle as this guy, but I didn't want to voice that aloud. I glared. Why had I thought of Thor? I should have told her the truth, that Thor was merely a fictional character to get me out of dating Samuel  Matherson, but for some reason I didn't. Typically, I didn't go for boys like the one I had described, boys like Thor. By the end of the semester I had more than two people convinced that I indeed had a boyfriend named Thor. All of it began to unravel in one morning when I spotted a flyer for a concert that was coming up the next Friday. See, what I hadn't noted was that when staring at the scalpel and telling Samuel that my fake boyfriend played in a band called The Boxcutters, I was really thinking about a conversation I'd had with my sister the day before. I muttered, wondering how I could get out of this one. I blinked and twisted the strap of my book bag. I arrived early to the show decked out in some raggedy old jeans and a t-shirt – nothing special. Suddenly I heard my name being called and Audrey came rushing towards me with a beaming smile. I managed weakly. Door Boy rolled his eyes. My eyes widened even further. He was tall, not extremely hot, but cute in a boyish way. All air left my lungs as he scooped me up into a hug and lifted me off the floor, twirling me once before setting me down again. This was a joke. I had no time to contemplate any more as I was being tugged by a very persistent fake boyfriend past Door Boy and into the main concert area. Audrey grabbed my free arm and looped her own around it, staring 'round as if she'd never been to a concert before. While she was gone, I used the time to find a far off back wall to sit against and figure it all out. I just about choked on air. I packed my book into my bag and stood without his proffered hand, still trying to figure out what dimension I'd landed in that my dreams and lies had become reality. Several boys sat on old orange plastic chairs with litre-large bottles labeled with various pops, though I had a feeling that they contained more than that. This had not been how I'd envisioned my master plan. His lips brushed softly against mine before I had time to push him away. I pinched myself, just to make sure. I felt as though I was going to throw up. As much as I wanted to freak out and search for Audrey – because surely she would know what was going on – I unconsciously obeyed and found myself taking deeper breaths, resting my head against his chest and feeling a sense of calm. She glanced past me to Trevor who motioned that I knew about everything. My face flared immediately and I barely glanced at the boy, nodding instead and inwardly smiling. The rest of the night went on less oddly than before. At the end of the night Audrey and I said goodbye to the boys with no promise of another meeting in the near future. Samuel heard the rumours, the gossip, that spread rampant through the halls. I turned and had barely a second to notice blond hair and warm brown eyes before his lips came crashing lightly to mine. I stood there and watched him go as if he was the only one in the room. A/N: When the writer's block hits, fluff is the only answer (so says I, the invisible one). p. I hated the stupid way his eyes crinkled when he was laughing, it was not, I repeat NOT, endearing like so many people seemed to think. I groaned. He chuckled, a sound so different from the laugh he'd put on a second ago. Was he being pointed? I complained, throwing my hands up in exasperation. Obviously I knew Jimmy didn't exactly find me repellent, the constant flirting and 'grab any chance to get me in bed' attitude gave that away no problems. I tried to come up with something, I honestly did, but, still reeling from his words, I couldn't think what to say. Was I coming across as a completely heartless bitch? I set off down the corridor and tried to convince myself I'd made a lucky escape. Well. I wrote these stories from my early teens to my late teens. I am taking these stories down because as I've gotten older, I realize that many of the things I wrote about were out of my depth. He's got to be the most infuriating, irritating, annoying, loathsome… anyway, you get the idea. I can't help a scowl from marring my features when Jake turns around to give me an infuriating smirk. Jake turns around and gives a careless wave of his hand, informing Mr. Wright that he won't be showing up for detention. Sometimes I wish I could figure out Jake. The bell suddenly rings, freeing me from the hell known as Calculus class. I say to my still exuberant friend once he's gone. I give Audrey a quick goodbye and then take off in a mad dash down the hall. Out of nowhere, someone steps in front of my path and—of course—I run headlong into this person. Jake's attention focuses on my notebook. I inform him as I snatch it away. The teacher—who's quite old and nearly deaf—doesn't notice me as I slink into the room. Mrs. Greene begins class with a boring lecture and my attention soon starts to wander. I flip to a blank page in the notebook and start drawing some weird concoction that's been floating around in my head for a while by now. You know, I feel kinda bad for not being as excited as I should be about Audrey getting into NYU. Eh—I kinda envy Audrey. I wonder if the people who seem to have it together, really DO have it together after all. masochist. that I absolutely detested Ricky Ricardo. Ana later. rock hard abs! Well. Relationship Ana is. "Poor Patters. talking. sucker. A/N: Okay. story. Warning: I don't think I should have to be put a warning in here, but unfortunately there are still a bunch of narrow-minded idiots in the world, so I guess I'll have to. Whenever something bad happens or is just sprung upon you, you always try to see that positive silver lining lurking beneath the surface somewhere. Nestled amongst the huge cardboard boxes filled with his stuff, he glanced out the window at the night sky disdainfully. He had to admit, the new house was a lot bigger than the old one. He looked back down at the drums he'd saved up for all his life and tapped them un-energetically. He pulled it open, puffing and forcing back the urge to double over. He asked finally, wiping the hair away from his eyes. She ruffled his pale blonde hair, laughing when he jerked away. Moncrieff's Educational Boarding School was supposed to be 'prestigious' and 'highly recommended', 'the only place for your child to learn'. 'I bet she has. Brian inwardly groaned. Brian wanted to crawl into a hole and die. He handed Brian the tiny silver key and he realized he was actually doing this. Matt hated doing the whole introducting thing. Bio was Matt's least favourite class. Matt muttered, pulling Brian none-too-gently into the seat next to him. He greeted him with his usual evil grin. Jamie chortled. Every now and then Matt wondered if they were more than just best friends. Throughout the lesson, Brian was hopeless. I usually don't mind a little sun on my skin, but now as my head was starting to pound so hard, all I wanted to do was to shut the drapes. What was wrong with me? Alarmed by the feeling of warm fingers dancing along my stomach, I (slowly) gathered my strength and opened my eyes. My eyes snapped open before I tried to focuse my surroundings. The air condition felt exetremly cold on my body, and then I wondered; why? I snatched the soft blanket that was hanging from the bed and carefully wrapped it around me. I nervously stood up and braved myself to finally take a glance at the person who seemed to be the one I was searching for. I didn't know what else to do so I found myself just standing there, trying my best to avert my eyes not to look down at his…you-know-what. WHY THAT? His low chuckle sent shivers down my spine. I opened my eyes before they landed on his, finding them blaring with desire. I looked at him suspiciously before my face turned into a frown as I tried to remember the events which happened last night. I gaped at him. Before I knew it, he yanked me aggressively as I landed on top of his strong chest. Hold on, he knew me? Damn it! I glared at him. It came out breathlessly as his hand played with my breast. I moaned louder as his hand slipped my inner thigh. He began to kiss my lips and I found myself kissing him back. The Story You Shouldn't Know* . In each of us, there is a sly devil, waiting for his opportunity to catch us unawares. Fortunately, there is also a half-angel concealed within us as well. And although doing what's right is not always easy, Anna has given us a gift, in a way. Josh's legacy is a deceptive path, attractive as it may seem. Safia burst into laughter. The three immediately focused their attention on her. The three children nodded, wide-eyed. Ali pursed his lips, looking skeptical. My usually straight, shoulder-length light brown hair stood at least two inches off my scalp in a large ball of frizzy mess. A teeny-bopper look, then? I walked into my en-suite and stared into the mirror at my hair, wondering how on Earth I was supposed to negotiate all the knots out. Moaning in pain, I grabbed a bottle of conditioner, squirted some into my palm and rubbed it through my hair. Mum was looking at me with a mixture of disapproval and anger, probably for the fact that her freshly-cleaned kitchen floor and bench-top was now splattered with milk. His longish black hair sat in that deliberately messy, totally hot style, the fringe reaching just above his glittering deep green eyes that were framed by dark eyelashes. work. loved me. this all in one sitting. It wasn't something that I remember starting, I just remember it being there. I remember feeling brave. It wasn't life changing, the way I felt about him. I remember once, we were playing prison ball in gym. I sort of forgot about him after that. He moved away, and I didn't notice until the year was halfway gone. I fell in love with my best friend's older brother and spent the whole summer at their house trying to get his attention. Until fifth grade. I said yes and we were married for exactly three days. Sixth grade I promised myself I'd be a changed woman but I dated Michael instead and he gave me a valentine with three heart stickers on it. We held hands once, walking home from the library. My two years in junior high were the most awkward years of my life. The summer after eighth grade, we moved. I lay on my mattress for a whole day with the light off and the mismatched sheets over my head, refusing to get up and unpack until we moved back, it wasn't too late after all. There were two days of calm before the storm and on the third day, I started high school. I found a friend to latch on to that first day and I was satisfied with life for a few days. Yes, it was just my luck that I'd fall for the most out of my league guy I could find. Karma really wasn't on my side that day because my only friend decided that she'd do me a favor and set him straight. I really enjoyed the supportiveness of this girl. I found that I fit in with April and her group. April spent most Friday nights at Thomas' dorm and she came home early in the morning. First quarter ended and I wasn't surprised that I had all A's. This boy named Joseph asked me to homecoming. He was my first kiss. He said and I leaned forward to grab a pencil. I didn't have time to gage if I liked it or not because it was over too fast. After that, life got interesting. That was until I was picked as Brad Thatcher's lab partner. A/N: Alright, I really don't know where I'm going with this, I just got the idea this afternoon and I had to write it down. A/N: Happy New Year! Anyway, I hope you like it. It had just been my mom and I for seven years at that point, and for a long time we were both fine with that. Okay, so, one day I started noticing that Mom was tossing out these casual remarks about the man she'd been dating. After that dinner, Mom seemed to relax more. I just stared at her for a minute, and then squealed and danced along with her. Mom shot me that look. Wonderful. Usually Mom got my sarcasm, but this time it had obviously gone right past her I'm-getting-married ears. Seventeen. I tried to look on the bright side. Her stern Mom face gave way to my favorite Mom face. It made me think of Ingrid Bergman in Casablanca. Still, I had to call my best friend Mina and complain long and loud about having to move. Mina's brother Peter was eighteen, and actually nice to her. Knowing I was moving away was a new and different heartbreak. She was already home when I got home from Mina's that afternoon, and she hugged me hello and whispered a quick apology in my ear. She laughed and pulled out my favorite capris while I put on the shirt. She pulled up into a driveway and I felt like if this were a movie, the soundtrack would swell and the sun would come out. I allowed, letting him have a smile because he looked so darn happy to have us there. I let her take my hand and we walked further into the house. Jerry said, kissing her cheek and winking toward me. Chris grinned, Mom laughed, and Jerry smiled along, and again my stomach twisted. How did I know they would do that? Mom said a little too cheerfully, and I got the feeling she wanted to make sure we weren't going to start arguing at our very first meeting. It was weird, sitting there together like a TV sitcom family, mom and dad and two kids eating dinner together. There wasn't a cake for Chris's birthday since he'd had his real celebration yesterday, but Mom had brought a gift. Then there was a terrible moment when Jerry suggested that Chris show me around the house, but thank heaven Mom jumped in, saying she liked men who did dishes and she would show me, if that was okay. she whispered, and we shared a giggle. she giggled and I could swear she was blushing, and then we headed upstairs. I stepped inside and saw right away that I did have one of those dormer windows, and Chris must have the other one. I stepped in a little further and looked around. I couldn't answer her. I didn't care. Then her smile faded. I finished, and she gave me a quick hug before we started downstairs. He shrugged, then smiled at Mom. Dense is to You, as Male is to BoyBy: lulu. We were so different, yet so alike at the same time, if that made any sense. Actually, now that I think about it, the girls probably didn't even like me that much, but used me to get to Reece. I guess the reason Reece didn't annoy me was because he wasn't like the rest of his friends. I rolled my eyes and kept them glued to the laptop screen in front of me. I sighed, and laid back into my pillows, catching a glance at my calendar, practically yelling that there were only two more days until school started back up for a new year. I decided not to point out that they won State championships every year, so it really wasn't that interesting anymore. I smiled and shrugged. I sat back up again and put a pleading look on my face. He laughed, and shook his head. I snapped, pushing away from him, and crossing my arms over my chest. I sighed and pushed away from him. Our parents spent almost as much time at each others houses as Reece and I did. The two of us walked down the staircase which led to the front entrance of my house. my father sat up a bit straighter. Apparently working at the hospital itself wasn't enough for my parents. I stared at them blankly for a moment, and then I suddenly felt sick. I abruptly shut up, and shifted my eyes between my parents to his parents, and then to Reece, who was looking at me just as shocked as I was. I still wasn't exactly forming words. he smiled brightly. his mother smiled. Mom and Dad left on a plane the next morning. I rolled my eyes and nudged him to hurry up, letting him know that this was the last load. He took the last box out of my car, and kicked his front door open as he walked ahead of me. I followed him up the stairs, and into my new room where he dropped the box onto the floor, along with the rest of them. He sighed and ran a hand through his hair, then followed my gaze. he smiled brightly, and then left for the door. I scoffed and ignored him, and started to unpack. Once he was gone, I turned to my mess of boxes that needed unpacking. Deciding to just get it over with now, I grabbed the boxes that contained my clothes. His parents had insisted that I make myself completely comfortable in the room, to bring my whole bed set and everything if I wanted. Ignoring my desire to curl up and go to sleep, I continued to unpack. I grabbed an oversized sweater and threw it on, wrapping it tightly around my body. He was sprawled out across the couch, eyes glued to the TV screen, with Liam lying across the other couch. Reece muttered childishly. Reece smirked, using his foot to nudge my arm. Liam sighed and rested back onto the arm of the couch. he muttered. I rolled my eyes, and stayed silent for the remainder of the time. But, it may have been the subject that had gotten brought up. I nodded my head and rubbed at my eyes. I found a pair of pyjamas and threw them on quickly, discarding my clothes into the hamper in the corner of the room. I couldn't help but smile at him. I smiled at the mention of his name. I asked abruptly. I waited for him to nudge me or make fun of me or something. I looked over at him curiously. he shrugged. he muttered. He sighed and ran a hand through his hair. I smiled, throwing my arms around his neck to hug him. He was being weird, but I shrugged my shoulders. A/N: I know they're no Sandra and Lucas, but hopefully all you returning readers will give them a chance ;) So clearly this is my new story, and I'm super, super, super excited about it! Chapter 1It Happens to EveryoneThere are few things more embarrassing than walking in on your boyfriend's brother while he's standing naked in front of the mirror. Sam and I had been dating for about six months and so far I'd avoided running into anyone in the bathroom. Jack opened the door wearing rumpled khaki shorts and no shirt. I felt my cheeks grow hot. That was no secret. I rolled my eyes. I gave him one last glare and stomped off. I felt really guilty, even though I'd told Jack to back off, I hadn't exactly disliked his teasing. my history teacher, Mrs. Dodge said. By lunchtime I'd basically gotten Jackson out of my head. I gazed across the lunchroom at him. I spent the rest of the day dreading the car ride home with Jackson. I said huffily. I made a face at him and got into the backseat of the car. I almost gagged. I ran up my driveway, soaking wet and I had no idea why I was even outside! Ohhhh, my mom. I walked into the kitchen and her jaw fell open. I ran upstairs but I could still hear her soft laughter. My mouth hung open as I glared at her. I looked up at my mother and she was trying to search my eyes for something. I nodded. Before I knew it, my alarm went off as I pounded it, signaling another joyful Monday of school. Author's Notes: Beware of clichés and adult themes. The teacher turned her back to face the blackboard as she wondered why she put herself under so much torture everyday, and one of his friends stuck a foot out to trip the girl. II. This neighbor had blinds for curtains, and they were currently closed tight. III. There was a loud splat as someone threw a freshly-made mud cake at her and it landed on her skirt. It took her a moment to realize someone was tugging her towards the sinks by the hand, away from the hooting and sneering. IV. In return, he told her things in his short, curt way that she had come to appreciate. V. Like everyone else, they entered middle school with mixed feelings. She was never invited to any of these because she was too quiet, but he had invitations to all, especially the girls'. Her will was surprisingly strong, he came to know over the years. VI. She had remained thin, but didn't have much of a cleavage to boast about. He, on the other hand, had the potential to become a  and more – everyone knew that. VII. Her brown straight hair fell in ripples around her face as she breathed quietly, arms wrapped around her favorite bunny stuffed toy. VIII. It'd started off with a simple partnership for a laboratory experiment. The girls had met him at the cafeteria, where he hung around with his band-mates, and Jessica had gotten really excited about meeting Dust in person. I really, really like him. IX. He and Jessica were going strong as a couple, without feeling the need to conceal their affections for each other, even in her company. Gary had come knocking on a stormy day, not unlike the day Dad had left and never turned back. Slumped down on the ground with most of her hair coming undone from her ponytail, she watched weakly as her savior attacked the older man in way she'd never seen anyone fight before. Mom cried for days because of the incident, and so did she. X. The relationship with Jessica was short-lived. He knew when she started slitting her wrists, because she started wearing wristbands and thick bangles that didn't quite fit her. It shouldn't have come as a shock to him, but it did, anyway. XI. They've finally slipped back into the comfortable silences of the past, when they do nothing but lie back on the grass and stare at the constellations in the sky. XII. It really isn't long before they finish up their courses and move on to their childhood dreams – him as an aspiring doctor in a prestigious hospital, and her as a well-received new artist who's going to have her very own exhibition soon. He appears on the first day of her exhibition in a suit and a tie, making too many wives and girlfriends turn and stare till their spouses or boyfriends have to steer them away. XIII. He links hands with her as they stroll down the shoreline, her other hand holding onto her black shoes with ribbons (the ones he'd bought for her on Valentine's Day) as she tries to balance on a long piece of driftwood, before falling over and pulling him down onto the sand with her. Exhausted, they call it a truce and fall back onto the sand, staring up at the velvet sky and tracing the star-paths, as always. They know that their relationship is more than friendship, more than infatuation. I've just started with this story. PostScript;// This title is temporary although I may make it permanent. Right, sorry about the rambling, moving on. Norah Parker is a smart, sarcastic kind of girl. Dante Nichols is the popular good-looking kind of guy. I yawned tiredly, shifting in my seat. Maybe I'd stick it through my teacher's eye instead. My gaze roamed to the clock, my eyes widening when I realized it was only a few seconds till lunchtime. I shouted loudly, jumping up from my seat and quickly stuffing all my books into my bag. I heard a voice say to the right of me and I leant backwards to peer at my best friend over the locker door. I know, first impression, ditz. Jenna and I have been best friends since we were eight. As I was watching them, what I hadn't counted on was being spotted. Anyway, I was so absorbed I hadn't noticed anyone coming in so I was immediately startled by the sound of a loud thump. And we hit it off. I asked him, rolling my eyes. He ran a hand through his dark blue spiked up hair (I know! Wes sat up straighter, looking Jenna in the eye, his own narrowed. she mumbled and Wes nodded, sitting back down. I had nothing to do with that. I asked, faking innocence. I couldn't help it. I sighed in annoyance as I saw the little 'leaders' of that clique. And, I'm serious. I rolled my eyes and turned back to the front and taking a sip out of my soda can. I cannot believe how anyone can stand him, he just stands next to Braden with his trademark smirk and girls flock to him. Now, don't get me wrong, I don't like him. Unlike Braden, Dante has that 'bad boy', 'rebel-like', 'bad ass' thing going for him. The only reason everyone thinks he's so 'bad ass' is because of his looks. Please. Okay, so for the past two years Wes, Jenna and I have been attending this same boarding school with the same student body. Us three, we're real. I heard Jenna mumble so I ever-so casually turned my head around to see a petite blonde girl with huge breasts (I am so sure they are silicone-enhanced) throw herself at Braden. I turned back to the front and shook my head as Braden bent down to help her up whilst the girls all glared at her, envious looks on their faces. Wes jumped in. I ignored the look Jenna was giving me. I stopped my little tirade to reach down and rub my leg at the spot where she had kicked me. All the girls hanging off the arms of the  glared at me. Braden looked down at me, his hands stuffed in his pockets, his face blank and expressionless. I nodded. I asked him although I knew full well what he was talking about. A/N: This is my first story on fictionpress. Marie sighed. the man said, getting out of the truck. George was the son of a family friend. Jenna had been walking for about five minutes when a black Ferrari pulled up next to her and slowed down, the window coming down, the warmth blasting her cold body. She scoffed. She waved and walked into her apartment building, pulling out her key as she trekked up the stairs. Jenna hung up the phone and picked up the control, changing the channel. she said, neatly sidestepping him. He sighed and leaned back, covering his face and closing his eyes. Jenna grabbed her purse and put some money on the table, then she put on her coat and walked out into the bitter cold. She sighed and walked over to her radio, pushing a button and skipping tracks. She crossed her arms across her chest and stared at the door for a moment. Jenna shook her head and hung up the phone. He glanced her up and down but not in a sleaszy way. he said, putting his hands up in defense. Jenna ended up telling Jessica a little more about herself and then Jessica was telling Jenna about her life, and her recent break up with a hideous boyfriend. Jessica announced. Jessica called after the guy as Jenna dragged her away. Jenna shuffled through it, pulling the keyring and a snapshot accidentally fell out. Jenna stared at the picture for a full minute before replying quietly,  She looked up, but Jessica's eyes were closed and she didn't appear to be awake. A/N: So, this is just the beginning. Morrissey Made Me Love HimHe was quiet, brooding and closed off. All of last night was spent in a cramped plane, trying to fend off the woman next to me whose head kept falling onto my shoulder as she slept. At the end of the last school year, I'd managed to win an internship with a prestigious law firm in England by the name of Colbourgh and Bohrn's. The internship ended this past Monday but thankfully I'd convinced the University to let me start the school year a week late. No, of course my luck would make me dormmates with Simona Trumont. The first time I met her was at Freshman Orientation. Boy George. Anyway, like I predicted, I'm getting very little peace. I dragged myself out of my psychology class, thinking I was crazy for ever choosing to take psychology at 10:00 in the morning. Simona had finally left for class about a half hour after she woke me up. When I'd reached the cart, I was completely out of breath and regretting wearing my sweats. Anyway, the girl at the cart, whose name I found out was Posey, had given me all sorts of stink-eye until the end of our illustrious relationship when I paid for my dos cafes. I still couldn't find it after 15 minutes. I was glad for that decision when I met a winded blonde girl outside my classroom. I made a stop by the instructor's desk, confirming that 'Mina Hautter' a. I only recognized him because of the same black hoodie; I still couldn't see his face. I was actually blown away by this conversation. My head was turned just enough, without actually looking away from Janet, a. Not all inconspicuous but I highly doubted he even noticed. When I walked into class, I had made sure to choose a seat completely on the opposite side of the room from where I sat last class. He always came in wearing earphones, but he always removed them as soon as he sat down. He tapped his finger on the desk whenever the lecture got really boring. A few weeks into the course, he did finally take off his hood. I had turned away so fast; I think the whole class heard the whipping sound my hair made. Like I said, he wasn't amazingly good-looking but I was right with my first assumption that he was easy on the eyes. I had decided to choose one of the few seats I hadn't sat in yet, the far right of the front row. This meant that when our instructor handed out the attendance sheet, I was the first to get it. Every class after that he continued to talk to me and I began to realize more about him. Guess which shirt it was? happiness incarnate He'd taken to calling me by my Russian alter-ego's name. I usually dressed feminine but casual and comfortable. She skipped over to my bed, humming a tune. The coffee shop Jonas took me to was quaint but classy. The menu she handed us was just a small laminated piece of beige paper with Bella Notte written in swirly letters at the top. When we walked up to the building I realized it was the residence that held all the top of the line, fancy and expensive as hell suites. He led us into his shared suite, which was on one of the upper floors. Nodding, I turned and heard him shut the door behind me. Textbooks and sketchbooks were piled on his desk, as were paints and brushes. Thinking I was taking too much time examining his room, I rushed to his dresser and pulled out a pair of sweats from the drawer he indicated. I rolled my eyes. Partway through the movie, around the time Bruce Wayne had all the ballet dancers on his boat, Jonas' arm slipped down around my shoulders. Somehow during the rest of the movie, we had ended up partly lying on the couch. I turned myself so I was facing up, more of my back against Jo's chest. The book was leather bound, with a few loose pages slipped into it. But when we reached one of the loose pages, I had to pause. Drawn lightly in pencil was a sketch of me. Simona had sang herself silly when I came home wearing Jonas' clothes with my own in hand. Simona took it really well though, she just laughed and explained singing in the morning got her pumped for class. This time, I tugged on the cloth and I was the one to make the picture of Morrissey dance. UNO: This story actually has an element of truth to it. Fun Fact #1: The Smiths shirt wasn't supposed to be a big part of the story; I just needed Jonas to be wearing some shirt that Mina would briefly comment on. Fun Fact #2: Did anyone catch the Mina/Dracula thing? Miranda Terry leans forward on her elbows to rest her chin in her hands, staring intently at her new Creative Writing professor. Writing runs in her family. Miranda turns her head to the voice, vaguely hearing Ryan begin to explain why he chose that particular story from the book. The front poufs up, as if air is trapped inside, just waiting to be released. Miranda doesn't answer. Through the entire speech, Miranda's lips are set in a hard line. Finding him extremely cocky, Miranda just stares at his outstretched hand. Two days a week, for an hour and a half, Miranda has to deal with Finn. It's the third week of class and it's the day that you join up in a group with the people surrounding you. Miranda turns her desk to the right a bit, as Finn shifts his to the left and the two people in front of them start turning their chairs around. During his reading, Miranda finds it terribly difficult to keep a straight face. Miranda decides that she can't lie to him, he'd know and call her on it. Miranda sighs a bit before she starts reading her very short story. You know those days where you wake up and just know you should give up right then and go back to sleep? Blinking I looked up into the startling bluish eyes of Chris Graves, the second most popular senior in the school. Tyler Kimbal's voice broke through the haze that still surrounded me, my mind still stuck in the world of cheating lover's and cheesy make-ups that my book had taken me to. Tyler smirked at me, before taking his seat, running his foot along mine occasionally. He put a hand in my book, slamming it to the desk below it. A look of slight fear stretched across his tanned face. I stared back at him, his ice-gray eyes making my plain hazel-brown feel plainly inferior in compare. He looked surprised by my question, what did he honestly expect me to just do it for free? I was woken up the next morning by non-other than my new pseudo-boyfriend. His eye's roamed my naked chest, before throwing jeans I haven't wore in three years in my face and eliminating most of the clothes in his right hand. Tyler said over his shoulder, his head still buried in my closet. He approached me, slowly via the mess he made, arms slowly outstretching. His voice was deeper than usual and it sent shivers down my spine. I looked stupid. I asked lifting my gaze to him in the mirror, but I froze half-way at the reflection we made. His hands ran over my arms and further to my waist before resting on my hips. He laughed out while prodding me in the ribs for my cold behavior. I whined lightly, making his eye's darken slightly…he raised an eyebrow at me. I smirked in triumph has he pulled me in front of him to cover a certain problem he was having. I shrieked, half-giggling. threw in Scythe, voice slightly gruff. It was cold and I shivered, instantly, wrapping my arms over my form. My eyes widened in shock. My voice echoed through the forest, rebounded and left a dull silence in its wake. I didn't listen but kept running until I was far away, deeper in the forest, where I couldn't see them. About to turn away, I stopped myself, considered a bit. The bridge was quite firm but as I walked across it, I felt as if it would give way at any moment. Quickly, I averted my gaze and met the entrance of the tunnel. A few flies buzzed past me as I walked through and I swatted the air a bit to stop them from landing on me. I craned my ears, trying to make out what it was. Overwhelmed by its prettiness, I slid open the door and was met with a large hall. I watched, mesmerized, and he continued. I proffered, suddenly curious. The boy smirked a little. weeee. . So that was that. There was only one rule at West Ridge: You don't mess with Albert. After the fury, came the disbelief. Throw in a couple more misplaced mascots, a few more bouts of tasteless graffiti and presto - a full-fledged school rivalry was born. I sighed as I slouched further into my seat. The solution? Impatiently, I glanced out the window actually somewhat pleased to notice that the Magnolia students had finally arrived. Seemingly unfazed, the Magnolia kids ignored us. Despite the rowdy cheers, I still managed to hear heavy breathing behind me. , a voice drawled as he let his eyes slide down the length of my body. Dexter was quick to reply. What? I clearly didn't have a creative bone in my body. I held a hand out to stop him. Dexter didn't even bother to hide his disgust. Yes! I tiredly sat back down, letting myself sink into the gray imitation leather of the bus seat. God, the boy was gorgeous. I acknowledged the stranger weakly. he smirked. He played along. He tried my name out. I asked him and he nodded. He scrunched his nose up. I climbed over him and tried to shove him out towards the aisle, but that was considerably difficult since he was probably well over six feet. I huffed. I made a face. I sighed, giving in. I stuck my tongue out at him. So I know it's been in all of the movies. I couldn't argue with that. What kind of sadistic masochist was he? I whispered ferociously. I groaned, burying my face into his jacket. Suddenly out of nowhere, I yawned. I would've protested but I was simply too exhausted. Every student in the room simultaneously rolled their eyes; we had heard this all before. I ignored them. Strolling along the sidewalk of San Antonio's mass-marketed Riverwalk, I began to think that maybe the school teachers weren't as delusional as I had first thought. I knew it was Dylan. He shook his head and laughed. The city was crawling with Magnolia and West Ridge kids right now! I gave him a small smile, to lower his guard, and nodded. I snickered at my own cleverness. I disregarded the curious onlookers and let my legs carry me as fast as they possibly could, which, admittedly, was not that fast. I was damn near sprinting for my life, and he was only jogging to keep up. I ran to the edge of the walkway and peered over, fairly pleased by the turn of events. No answer. Before I even had time to react, a pair of strong arms reached out from the under the murky water, and circled around my waist. I supplied. He patted my head. He smirked,  I stared him down. What? I replied. His face brightened. We were an odd pair. he winked at me. He chuckled. Expecting that response, he grinned. That caught my attention a little. I scanned the room packed with motor vehicles. He seemed excited to see me so enthusiastic. Walking towards me, he stopped when he came close. he sounded defeated. he sighed. the employee countered. He climbed onto the scooter, kicking up the stand, and straddled the seat with his legs. Before I even had the time to ask why, the motor scooter surged forward and I yelped. he said in a tone that clearly indicated that he would. I made a face at him- kind of pointless seeing as how he was facing away from me. I forced myself to relax, and made a point to admire the Spanish architecture beside us rather than the pavement below us. I snorted. This was where he wanted to go? Oh, right. Cue the sappy music. Sometimes when I was too tired to use my voice to tell him to slow down, I would reach out and tug at his shirt. I smirked. We had toured the whole site and more, but Dylan pressed to visit the gift shop. He presented it proudly: a hot pink fanny pack embroidered with black lettering that read,  Yes you heard me right. I stood there terrified until I realized that there was really no way he could make me wear it much less keep it on me. I groaned. he replied while trying to contain his laughter. Spotting our hotel far off in the distance, I picked up my pace to reach it faster. In an attempt to take the weight off of my feet, I let myself slide down the wall to sit uncomfortably on the pavement. Dylan said as he slid down next to me. I watched the people on the sidewalk rush to their destination- some were smart enough to have carried an umbrella. Seeming to understand my fatigue, he stood up first and pulled me to my feet. Inconspicuously, I watched the way his dark wet hair dangled over his face. He replied without hesitation. He spoke again in a breathy voice. he called me gently and reached out to tuck loose strands of hair behind my ear. The elevator had arrived. He pressed the button for the 6th floor while I pressed the button for the 7th. The elevator made the  sound again, and I let out a huge sigh of relief. I heard him shift next to me, and without saying a word, he walked out the elevator doors. Walking up to the elevator button panel, I pressed the  button. Hands resting against both sides of the elevator entrance, he seemed out of breath. He leaned forward- leaned towards me. We couldn't be caught! I turned to find him still standing there- a clear expression of hurt flitted across his eyes. There was no denying it- I had wanted Dylan to kiss me. So yes, I'll admit it. I spotted him at the far end of the last table. Suddenly, his eyes met mine from across the room, and I nearly stopped breathing. He had obviously already forgotten about me. Trying to forget about Dylan wasn't as easy as I wanted it to be. Making my way past the hotel television, I headed into the bathroom to wash my face. Whatever it was, it was coming from the bathroom. What had I done? The toilet made deeper gurgling noises this time- noises that almost sounded like growling. Oh my god. Only five minutes later, I found myself knocking on the door of room 612. he drawled, obviously still half asleep. I hastily stepped back even further. So, room 612 could be crossed off the list. I took a breath, and knocked. Oh god, he wasn't wearing a shirt. I had partly been expecting him to slam the door in my face, so the acknowledgment was nice. He seemed alert now. I surprised even myself when I took hold of his arm and nearly dragged him into the elevator against his will. He seemed amused by my antics. Oh. I shook my head feeling defeated. He grinned that grin that I had grown to love,  What kind of stupid motto was that? I stepped aside, and Dylan walked in with a lazy smile plastered on that gorgeous face of his- probably because he thought I bought all that rule breaking crap he fed me. This thing, this toilet- if you could even call it that- was unreal. I did not appreciate that tone! I searched the bathroom and found a toilet plunger underneath the sink cabinet. There was no method really. I was so excited, that I temporarily lost my sanity and threw my arms around Dylan. I headed back into the bathroom, turning on the bath faucet. Would this be the last time I would ever see him? Suddenly, his lips crashed onto mine and all semblance of thought was tossed out the window. He pulled away reluctantly, and rested his forehead against mine. However, he still seemed to have doubts. I realized the truth in my statement. he smiled genuinely. Hold on. he cupped my face in his hands, seeming confused that I didn't buy his words. He winked and I promptly rolled my eyes. He seemed as if that one fact had made him the happiest male to walk the planet. Pulling his body flush against me, I fervently pressed my lips against his. No:-Excessive swearing-Too much complication, especially with settings-Sex. AN: First chapter Hopefully everyone likes it, although it's mostly just the story-starting fluff right now. As another sigh, he pushed himself up into a sitting position, and looked around the room. He gently pulled the covers off himself to the left, and swung his legs over the edge of his bed. he replied shortly, walking past her and into the bathroom. he said, seeing his mom shake her head at another towel. He sighed again, and looked at his reflection in the mirror. Around his eyes were smudges of black, which he'd forgotten to wash off last night. He left the bathroom, and walked silently back into his room, and closed the door. He sighed and slowly picked up the picture, flipping it over to reveal he and his father standing in the yard. Alex showed no emotion on his face now, though. The first was Skye, his beautiful bay paint mare. The other four were all being stabled there by their owners. After filling up the trough with fresh water, Ryan made his way back to the barn to continue with his morning chores. He piled a few bales into the wheelbarrow, and then headed down to the first stall after slipping into his rubber work boots. Next to him was a stall that held a pretty little mare by the name of Bell. When Ryan had finished mucking the stalls and laying new hay, he slipped out of his boots and went to put everything away. Above that, with a set of stairs leading up from the birthing stall, was a roomy loft where he spent a lot of his time. As Ryan entered the office, he spotted his father on the phone, and closed the door quietly. Ryan nodded, taking the information in. Ryan nodded, standing also. It hadn't been rented out in quite a while, but they kept good tabs on it. His dad flipped the main light on, and he walked into the kitchen, which was right off the front entrance. They agreed that it looked fine, and headed on down to their own house. Ryan grinned at her, grabbing a few pieces of bacon. He got up from the table, and took his plate to the sink. Summary: The other kind of bandslash! And also beware, if you mind them: Language. Caution: Don't try this at home. I'd almost called. Sure, I was going to be attending the camp from hell. Well, it wasn't really suicide exactly. Okay, the internal thought processing hadn't been the clearest, I admit. And then the ringing. I licked my lips and carefully placed the phone back in my pocket. My first thought was, This could be a problem. Every time I got close to the phone, my hand retracted into my mouth, where the nails were bitten nervously. A sheen of sweat formed on my palms. The person scoffed. I blinked. I never got to find out what Daniel was (unfortunately, because it was promising to be something colorful and with lots of equally colorful adjectives). Would they call again if I hung up? I didn't really say that. I shook my head, trying to figure it out. I was a little paranoid around my cell for the rest of the day. I pulled the phone away and hung up. I said. I hadn't been expecting that, and it took a minute too long to think of a comeback. There was a pause. I didn't want to do it, but I found myself carrying my cell around more than usual. I closed my eyes to hide an eye-roll. she said, talking about going outside and doing something, not band camp. she said. I sighed and flung out my arms to my sides, enjoyed the slow breeze from the ceiling fan. I curled into a ball with my chin resting on my knees. said Daniel. I relaxed and let gravity roll me onto my side, into a half-assed fetal. If you really want to know what the black hole conversation time between where I narrate is like, it pretty much goes on like this, it really does. Don't look, I commanded myself. I laughed. I frowned and held the phone away from me. Oh my god you're talking on the phone with a guy about handbags. Mom came in and I smiled and sat on the couch and stared at a blank TV until it was time to eat dinner. Through the wind whistling and the sleet pounding on the cobblestones, the old priest made his way to where the place where Caryl was lying exhausted after the hours of childbirth. Caryl smiled as he held her little ones in each arm and looked at them solemnly. I glanced to my right. He didn't say anything. Straightening in my seat, I shot him a look, seeing his lips twitch into an almost imperceptible smile. The long grass that lined the side of the road was dry, the ends browned and brittle as they waved in the breeze. Prior to four days ago, I had never been to Mozambique. We settled back into silence. Closing my eyes and biting my lip, I remembered everything about that night. Boone had even stayed until morning, something he avoided with his usual one-night stands, but had retreated as fast as he could when I offered to make pancakes for breakfast. But forgetting was impossible. I peered through the dusty windshield. he replied, sounding calm. We knew we were going to run into something like this eventually. Boone said before he yanked the gearstick into park and turned off the engine. I didn't get a chance to respond. His eyes darted to my ring finger, probably checking for a diamond. He handed my passport to the man in the orange shirt, and then opened the second one. he repeated in a no-nonsense tone. I put up my hands. Boone got out of the truck, too. We both leaned against the hood. Cautiously, I met Boone's eyes. Edmundo hopped down from the truck bed. I stared down at my hands for a moment, willing the tears to come. I straightened, sniffing loudly and wiping tears from underneath my eyes. Edmundo's fingers dug into my shoulder hard. I began gasping for breath, sobbing at the same time. Disconcerted, Edmundo held me out at an arm's length. After a few seconds, Edmundo released me. Boone didn't waste time in pulling me up, helping me walk to the left side of the truck. The three men stood back. We cleared the roadblock, and I peeked through my fingers. When the men were merely specks in the side mirror, I sat up in my seat. The sun glinted off the wedding ring on his left hand. The small bundle of nerves in the pit of my stomach grew slightly bigger. So to celebrate I'm embracing the holiday tradition of exchanging presents. I know what you're thinking. My present to you will be an ebook copy of a book of your choice (Whirlwind of Pleasure is excluded because we dont want to ruin the surprise for those who havent finished it) in whatever format is easiest for you. And your present for me? What if I do more than one review? How long does a review have to be? Simple! Stella McAdams knew she had reached the end of the rope. She said, steeling her voice as much as she could. Now, Stella could stand for a lot of things… but being mocked by a complete stranger while asking for an honest job? She began to sputter. It was not, John thought, as if he was enjoying her distress. Most of the staff at Zephyr was terrified just by the idea of talking to him, much less argue. Not that he thought for a second that she was qualified. The girl had a name. John raised his gaze to see Stella, she looked much younger than 23, yet, as he looked at her more closely, he could see lines of tension and strain in her face, as if she hadn't slept a night through in months, and her eyes had a hard, disenchanted expression. John called to his best friend and head chef. Jason smiled. John worked for a good long while, humming to himself a silly pop song he had heard that morning as he drove Jess to his mother's house. Jess pointed at the drawing. Hanna answered with clear affection for her only grandchild. Stella tried hard to just focus on her task, her goal: To Land A Job. John said coming into the kitchen accompanied by a little girl. Who would have thought that all her hopes would someday center on something like a cheesecake! Falling in love with your best friend is simply not done –that's the oldest rule in the book. I beep my cell phone off and rise from my chair. Though Luka is my best friend, I have known for a while now that my feelings for him stretch past friendship. I peer past the corned beef to catch my reflection in the polished metal backing of the shelf. My girlfriends all know, because I didn't want to keep such a big secret from them. I don't have a solution for this situation. With a sigh I drop a cauliflower into my basket and move on. I stop dead. (The irony that I still have a spare thought to appreciate his looks and figure in that fatal five-second span, is not lost on me. I try, not breaking eye-contact with Luka. I grin, trying to hide my nervousness. I say listlessly, hopelessly hoping to spark an argument. he says sarcastically, seeming a little angry. What is this? I want to kick something, or scream really loudly, but I hold it in and end up biting down rather hard on my tongue. At one point I remember he brought ice cream, and open the freezer door to see what kind. I sigh and go back to cutting vegetables. Normally I would babble into this silence too, earning nothing but a few ironic comments or amused looks from Luka, but today I feel too tired. I almost want to protest him using the same knife again, but I cannot find a logical argument against it. Back in silence, switched places. When he has finished cutting it he holds the knife under hot water. He checks the vegetables and then puts on butter to melt in the frying pan. he sounds nervous. Typical girl-next-door setting: Luka lived with his parents in such-and-such neighborhood, I moved into the house next door. In my mouth I had a wad of gum the size of my fist, which I laboriously, smackingly chewed. Then he finished the ice cream sandwich and started wiping his hands on his shorts. he asks me now. He is quiet, I watch him looking down at the pan, stirring with a wooden spoon. he says, taking a cup down from the cupboard. How does Luka and Shoe's dinner end? Next time! Ho ho ho. Maybe you can tell, but I'm not from the USA. Tell you what, if this gets any reviews and I decide to post the next chapter (yes, it's already written! Now watch me post this and get zero reviews, haha. Er, anyhow, this chapter is about 15 pages, on my machine. Right then, before I forget, disclaimer. I was re-stocking the plushies in the rotating shelf out front when he came. He didn't smile. He looked around at the red heart-shaped pillows, silk roses, pewter picture frames and the plushies on my shelf, then at the rows of greeting card shelves behind them. All the pink and red in the store suddenly made my stomach jump. Ooo-kay. How does he do that? A tight knot began to form in the pit of my stomach. It was the one with the squirrel. It was a conversation. The floor seemed to drop under me like an elevator plummeting downwards. I caved in and handed him the card, along with its scarlet envelope. It showed a black and white photograph of the Eiffel Tower above an avenue of winter-bare, snow-covered trees. I couldn't explain it, but to me that card meant something – more than any I'd ever sold. But now I was giving it to him. He fished a crumpled fiver out of his pocket and shook his head to show he did not want a bag; I counted out the change, thanking my stars for the calculator because at this point, I could barely add one plus one. Martin shrugged into his coat and slipped the card into the inside pocket, where guys keep their important papers and driver's licenses. He walked away with his head held high, flicking his scarf over his shoulder in an almost triumphant way. When Valentine's Day arrived, I got three cards. It had been slotted through the side of my locker door, meaning whoever-it-was knew which locker was mine. For the first time, I understood why people always talk about their hearts thumping. I furrowed my eyebrows back at her, gave her a dull look, then looked away, irritated. Well, actually, I supposed I was considered  to them. Cobra Mansion was secluded on a large island surrounded by the ocean. Mars jabbed me in the side with her elbow to get my attention. I was thin yet tall, but I was often told that this heightened my appearance. I was a bitter sixteen-year-old who held too much hatred in her than what was considered healthy. Which I was doing now. Too bad the car didn't miss it. Mar's friend, Alicia, suddenly gasped. Speak of the devil, I thought when I watched Troy pass me, his head held up high as if he believed he was a God. I walked to the back of the van and got my bag out. Her name was Airy. I stared at him with arched eyebrows. Why? Airy said under her breath to me so Kyle the Creep wouldn't hear her. We all kicked off our shoes and set them in a row, upon Jones's request. We reached the lounge. Mr. Klyde laughed, but no one else seemed to find this statement very funny. The boy shifted uncomfortably. I frowned. Hunter seemed to grow bored. I blinked at him, unnerved. I only stared. Hunter nodded, smirking. she said to me, sounding as if we had been friends for years now. I turned away from her only to be met with the sight of Troy. he snarled, following Troy towards Mars and Alicia. Sighing, I closed my eyes. As I leaned back against the wall, I felt a pair of eyes on me. Closing my eyes, I tried to relax despite Hunter's heavy gaze. Hell, I was bored. I decided to head to my room. Various shades of red contrasted with a bright blue sky. Emilie Jane Aldridge looked up from her book to see her younger sister, Jules, standing there. Jules looked just like her, except her eyes were a dark brown, matching that of their mother's. Jules said, taking her sister's hand and leading them into the foyer. That was the sweet voice of Em and Jules' mother. A very handsome boy said behind Em, turning her around to face him. Tristan continued to explain when Em felt something touching her leg. Tristan menaced, his eyes as black as night. Emilie taunted, smiling at Will. He was baring his fangs at her again, his eyes the darkest she's ever seen it as he pressed her up against the wall. He stopped as he felt the sting of Em's slap across his face. The biggest problem with The Thin Line was with Tristan and Marina moving too fast. People thought Don Hughes was the hottest thing to hit the music world. Of course, the love was also fueled by the undeniable dark good looks. I fell in love with blue-eyed, lightly freckled redhead. my best friend, Winona, exclaimed. I had donned an elegant dark blue gown, complete with the white gloves and the sapphire hair clip tucking my hair back from my face. Winona complimented generously. My eyes roved over the large ballroom, lingering on a banner that read,  Indeed, Thoughts for a Penny records had been running for nigh 25 years, one of the most successful record companies in the music industry. Before I knew it, I was being dragged off to meet this . Speaking of him… Donny the Deranged finally decided to grab the spotlight once again as he exclaimed,  His eyes were trained on the bar, and he swaggered over there like he was the King of the Universe. I conceded. I cried out mockingly as if in relief. Sammy smiled and winked. he murmurs absently. Sammy quipped suggestively. A nameless person zoomed past me with a megaphone, obviously more than a bit intoxicated from his movements. I commented dryly. Winnie murmured to me soothingly. My Irish boy, indeed. That's all it took, really. We dated for about seven months before eventually marrying. he ended with a sloppy grin. Sammy gave me a queer look. Summary: She finally scored the hottest, most popular guy in school. Tia remarked, looking down her nose at the red headed nuisance. Lisa hid a grin as she caught up with them. Tia laughed inwardly. Tia smiled. Published to showcase original posting date. Full Summary: Jonas King is the biggest homophobe in school. Oh my god, who would want to see that on their way to lunch? Of course I was talking about the two scene boys that were walking on the opposite side of the hallway of me. Okay, I knew they are only holding hands, but still! I shook my head at her before turning back to my soggy sandwich. Ellie gave me the look that told me she thought I was completely hopeless. He was the most popular guy in school and not in the sense of stuck-up jock popular. Ellie rolled her eyes at me one last time before stalking across the cafeteria. I was sure that she would have ditched me but she hadn't. Anyway, another reason I hated Cody was that he was the only other guy that didn't seem to be interested in Ellie. Oh god! I turned my attention back to the table across the cafeteria with only two people sitting at it, ignoring Chris's sniggering. Every time Jonas started his homophobic crap around her, it always got her worked up. I really did like Jonas. And I also knew that I would find a way to make him mine. I moved aside to let her in. she teased me. I always sat on the same end of our couch, the part where the green color started to fade a little bit from overuse. I lifted my butt so that she could slide from underneath me to the other side of the couch. I scoffed. Kayla got bored with my yogurt and ran upstairs. I found her in my room. Shock. She grabbed my arm and tugged on it until I sat down on my bed. boyfriend, I didn't say. I rubbed my eye with the palm of my hand. Kayla followed me. Our normal, off-white kitchen was temporarily bathed in red. Lucas looked up from his work and saw that I was ready to go. I self-consciously rubbed the tissue across my cheekbone to get rid of any leftover eyeliner. Confused, he looked down at his shirt. my father asked as he came into the living room, a note of approval in his voice. I rolled my eyes. He waved a hand at me, unbothered. It was cramped in the small cab, and consequently it set my nerves on edge. Summary: Note to self: Do not become private investigator. Dan, my older brother yells. So my name is Patrick, I'm 17 and I have the aforementioned older brother Dan. Dan drawls. Dan jabs a thumb to indicate our neighbours on the left. They've had all of their stuff brought in by removal trucks. I muttered in response. Dan teases me. That night, I watch our new neighbours. Strange neighbours have been receiving parcels. I wonder what they want wire for? Knock. comes a definitely male voice. I think my face might have twitched. Neighbour-mum grabs my arm practically dragging me into the house. Heath says. Neighbour-mum says. When he comes back in, I'm sure I look dodgy. Heath sounded distinctly amused. He tells me. I just met my somewhat eccentric new neighbour, who I'm seriously wondering about. There was a black and yellow caterpillar crawling up the brick wall and she stared at it as if she had never seen one before in her lifetime. A shuffle of feet from around the corner of the brick building instantly stole her attention away and her fingers naturally tightened around the handle of her gun, which hung at her side. Jason glanced towards the brick wall but then back at her. She followed Jason from the alleyway. It had been three years since she had first met Jason. Now, she nodded her head and moved out of the aisle on light, soundless feet. She heard a crunch sound and her ears immediately pricked to attention. The White Walker was shuffling past the aisle but as soon as the body picked up on her human scent, it stopped and just as it began turning its head towards her, she fired. he suddenly said and she finally looked at him. He was staring at her with eyes dark of concern. He took a step back as if giving her room and she slowly came around to stand at the head of the walker. She lifted the walker's head – it had once been a young man, probably even a teenager – and his hair had been thick and red. She moved her knees out from under her and sat down on the cold floor, sobbing, trying to stop. Seven years ago, the plague spread across the globe like a wildfire and nothing had been able to stop it. She shook her head at herself, wiping at her cheeks, leaning into Jason's firm side. she said, wiping at her cheeks again but her crying had stopped now. Jason lifted a hand and she was surprised when he brushed a loose black curl from her face that had fallen loose from her ponytail. she said as he stood to his full height, towering over her. White Walkers were attracted to light found in darkness so Jules and Jason left town after loading on food and other supplies and they abandoned the road to cut through farm fields that had grown wild with weeds. Jason walked with long strides, leading the way, and she walked behind him, listening to the wind whistle through the dead stalks of corn. She could hardly remember what her sister used to look like now. She looked at Jason's back as they walked. They didn't know why but the walkers stayed away from animals. It wasn't for the shelter. he pointed towards a distant hill. There had been a few settlements of people that they had passed, staying the night in a couple. She nodded and this time, they walked side-by-side as they crossed the dirt road and the next field swallowed them up as they kept moving forward. WARNING! Impossible. Jack corrected. Liz asked hopefully. Jack muttered through a mouthful of food. If it weren't for Liz, Jack's mother would have been on his case a whole lot more. Three years ago his parents had divorced for seemingly unknown reasons. So he'd had a long time to brew in his supposedly immature hatred of his older brother. It wasn't a sob story, Jack convinced himself. Evan replied with a small smile. Yea, Jack thought bitterly. Jack said stubbornly. With the slam of the door, he flung himself onto his bed and muffled his own screams into his pillow. When he woke up, he found that his bathroom in the hall was being occupied by Evan. Jack's brown eyes trailed the hand and then flicked sharply back to Evan before pushing himself off the ground and brushing past him. He fumbled down the stairs in his panic to get away, but made it to the bottom alive. On the driveway was parked what must've been Evan's new car. But Jack was brought out of his memories by the screeching of a city bus' brakes across the road. she asked, obviously unable to contain her own excitement at Jack's predicament. Liz was pretty, in an all too obvious way. Jack said firmly, grinding his teeth into place. She wished him luck as third period History let out, but was swept away by a few of her friends. Panic. Teams. His chest seized again, causing him to grip his shirt tightly as a silent hysteria overwhelmed him. the Coach said rolling his eyes at Jack's state. Jack nodded and the Coach pointed to one of the nets. Jack groaned, squirming out of Liz's unnecessary embrace. A few people bumped into Jack as he made his way through the hall. Liz sighed, draping an arm around him and steering him through the crowd of students eagerly waiting to go home. Hi everyone. Sine. he sneers irritatingly, pausing to wink at a couple of girls that walked past. Fuckin' dick. She giggles before I open and close my form door behind me. No one else is in the room yet apart from a guy with glasses and mousy hair sitting at the front of the class, jotting down something in a notebook. I slouch in a chair at the back and begin to stare outside at the ashen buildings across the road from where our school was situated, the dribbles of rain not making the view any more pleasant. I hear people filtering into the class, a couple of gazes lingering on me for a second before turning to their mates and chatting. People seem to have settled down, but I don't really take notice, and just call 'here' when my name is called for the register. Talking of people, I wonder where Lewis is… My eyes briefly scan the room, but he's not here which is odd because he's usually here before me, since he's pretty obsessed with staring at Mr. Lee's abs through his tight black shirt. Someone asks to my right. Speak of the devil. Lewis tells Mr. Lee as he gestures to the guy, hands in pockets as he smiles casually at our form tutor and nods lazily. I find myself rolling my eyes and turning back to the window out of boredom. I say hi but don't shake his hand. He rolls his eyes at me, knowing that he won't change my mind since we've argued about this subject for the many years that we've been friends. An unwelcome presence stands opposite. I narrow my eyes at him, only making him laugh more. I don't even bother looking up. I sigh heavily, closing my textbook because, despite trying my hardest to revise, I just can't with this moron sitting opposite me. I say, pushing myself up from the table. If you still want to read any of my stories, please go to and message me. I've taken this story down to edit it and do what I can with it to make it ready for the real world. Jeremy Rhider was one of the sexiest men I'd seen in all my twenty-one years. That evening three of my closest friends and I made the short drive from Denton, Texas to downtown Dallas for a night of general college debauchery. And while fanning the sweat from my underarms as I hobbled on one stiletto, I caught sight of the brooding man leaning against a building across the alleyway. I should have been offended, the way his dark eyes deliberately scaled the length of my exposed legs, lingering on the sparkling hemline of my dress before skipping directly to — and lingering far too long — on my chest. I had blinked. I replied. In hindsight, I probably should have been a bit freaked out that a guy, a guy I'd met outside a club once, had tracked me down and gotten hold of my class schedule. Or, you know, it was probably the muscles straining his white t-shirt and the way his lips took shape around the cigarette clouding my sanity. We dated. I sputtered, giving him the look that I found myself shooting him on one-too-many occasions. And then he pulled me towards a window, one large hand painfully clutching my neck. Then he kissed me. I didn't have time to ponder much outside of what the fuck just happened? They'd taken my case seriously — loaded me up, strange briefcase and all, in a police cruiser and brought me into the station. Two men remained in the room, and my eyes darted back and forth between the pair. My lips twitched to a frown. he said. But then, he was the one with ties to the Mafia and I was just a girl. atrium, Snapple machine. and you don't know why. upon me. the reassurance I ever needed. Christmas One-Shot : All I Want For Christmas. I am currently taking down Heaven Series, I will be working on it, editing out parts and stuff in the beginning one, Finding Heaven, I will also be making it more uniformed. As some of you may or may not have noticed, Regan, White, and the Seven Deadly Sins has been taken down from FictionPress—I've found several instances of plagiarism online and, sorry, I don't like having my stuff stolen (I kind of feel like the Duke from Moulin Rouge- ). However, I have every intention of being published one day, and I canNOT risk having my characters, plotlines, dialogue, etc. DON'T PANIC. Oh. Full Summary: Two boys. Author's Note: I am writing this author's note about half a year after I completed this story. The announcer's voice pierced the roar of the crowd and Maxwell Kennedy pumped his tendon-laced arms in triumph as his maroon-and-gold-clad teammates streaked towards him. Max smirked to himself at the thought as he gathered his gear on the sidelines. The poised sports reporter smiled serenely for the camera; her gaffer was less polite, sending an impatient look his way. The worst thing about Maxwell Kennedy, Eddie thought to himself as he stepped gingerly down the narrow concrete stairs, was not that he was such a pretty-boy, though that was sort of irksome. The trash-littered concessions area was also wired to the Trom, and fans covered their ears as ESPN continued coverage at a volume louder than necessary. The brunette wrinkled his nose in exasperation as he left the uniform room of the stadium. Eddie tried not to roll his eyes, picked up his trombone case with newfound determination, and wormed his way through the crowd to a less popular staff exit. The most annoying Kennedy-related thing in the world would be if he, Eddie, had to take a class with the soccer star. a/n: Rewrite, baby! Right. A few have blamed it on the fact that I'm a redhead. I suppose that it is customary at this point to describe myself and lament loudly, pointlessly, and irritatingly over my physical imperfections. I have no breasts because I have no fat to spare. The gray of my eyes could alternatively be compared to the stone walls—more like prison walls—that mark the borders of our boarding school. Certain people of authority seem determined to latch onto boarding school clichés of the 1800s and thus far no one has seen the errors in this logic. Westfield School of Boarding used to be an all-girls establishment, but was changed to co-ed about fifty years back. Did I mention that someone must have an unhealthy fascination with 1800 cliché? At this final injustice, one may wonder why I haven't left, staged a fantastic escape plan, or at least purposely managed to get myself expelled. Care to forget? The one who had hated me (a sentiment returned with even brighter ardor) since we could first yank out each others' hair by the root. Was I really naïve enough to expect that he had changed? Our rivalry and courtship of hatred started again. Unfortunately, after all these years of warfare Cale and I have begun to…well, share a brainwave, practically. Battles have been won…but the war is just begun. a/n: Uck. You've read it? As most of you know, I took the majority of this story down last year and uploaded it to Wattpad instead. Thank you SO much to everyone who's read and reviewed. It's funny what a fluid thing time can be. Laughter and stumbling was what Callie remembered. They had met in their Drawing 111 class the second semester of school. the detective asked, bringing her back to reality. Her father took her hand gently and turned to Officer Conrad. Lucy's parents had stopped by once. she said in a choked voice. Callie bit out. She blinked into the brightness, pain searing in her arm as she tried to shield her eyes. Slap. Callie waited for him to go on. he said, and finally moved to sit on the chair across from her. She swallowed, tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear. They had been celebrating. After leaving the bar, where two fake IDs had gotten them in, and gotten them beer, they'd turned the corner to an unlit street. It was in such an alley that the world went to hell. Then the man had turned and advanced on Callie as she scrambled in a blind panic like a crab on four legs before standing and trying to run. Later, she would wonder if it was simply his anger that saved her then, for instead of scrambling to get it, he reached down to pull her up by the scarf around her neck and threw her into the brick wall of the neighboring building. She had a brief moment of peace then, knowing that the blow that would kill her was about to come. It was a succinct way of describing the last nine years of her life since she'd moved from NYC to the sleepy, seaside town of Newport, Connecticut. She stood up and pushed her chair back, the legs scraping against the linoleum as her blood pressure began to skyrocket at the skeptical look on his face. John Humboldt. She fervently wished she hadn't destroyed them, that she'd listen to her friend Ben's plea that she should keep them, just in case. he replied, shaking his head in disbelief. His voice was low, and those brown eyes had not strayed from hers. I said. year. eyed, blond haired basketball captain. on me too. gotta go. this is. new friend, Janie. that it doesnt happen again or else, your parents will. grab. nothing. Disclaimer: This story belongs to me. A new Wolf Story! It was a Sunday. Shannon moved her curly blond hair from her face. I took a breath as we walked, my chai tea warming my fingers. What she really wanted to say was that I would find a chubby chaser somewhere. The sun was high in the sky, making it feel a bit warmer. The voice was deep and sounded slightly confused. He extended his hand to me. His smile widened as he looked at Shannon. He straightened before turning to me. My brow quirked. My stomach growled at the sound of the bistro. The bistro was loud and busy. I snatched my hand away like it was on fire and he took a step forward, his arm reaching out to grab mine. The words escaped my mouth before my wolf could stop them. What have you done? The alarm's blaring whine echoed in her ears and after a gentle stretch of her body, she opened her eyes. Her eyes searched the small studio apartment. There were no table and chairs as her apartment was filled enough with the bed and the large stacks of books she kept. She yelled and looked around the room for her alarm. Still on her knees, she looked over her shoulder at him with a grin. Both were sophomores in college, though they went to different schools. Madison, however, went to a small elite college called Cerulean Harbor University. She watched him leave then locked her door, she had forgotten to do so before she went to bed. When she stepped out, she brushed her blonde locks that looked exactly like her mother's. With no car, she had to take several buses to school. Working for a little over minimum wage, she had enough trouble paying for her daily expenses and rent. If it hadn't been for Alan, things would have been a great deal worse. After she was done making herself feel worthless, she would walk in. This place never felt like a college, it was set up to feel like what the students were used to. Making her way to her locker, she sighed. Opening the locker she was greeted by the usual sight: a fake snake that was positioned to fall onto the ground when she opened the door, and a small box of candy. There was no doubt in her mind that the students were trying to run her out of the school. After being stripped naked at her senior formal in front of the entire senior class, being dumped into a trash can, and having all her books set on fire, these people were merely amateurs at bullying. Brianna was such a beautiful girl. Her laugh and smile always brought a slight grin to Madison's face. Putting her books on the floor, Brianna pulled off her gray sweater. Brianna said as she picked up her books and skipped down the hall. The college worked more like a high school than a college. At lunch, Madison ate her peanut butter and jelly sandwich on some stairs behind the school. Brianna was a sensitive person and just wasn't able to understand why these people had to be so cruel. Madison, who was sitting against the white wall, looked down the stairs at the group of people. The light haired, thin boy smiled. They didn't leave, instead they all sat down on the stairs. Madison knew well enough that a get together would include formal attire and high end food. All eyes turned to her and one of the girls laughed, before they returned to their conversation; completely ignoring her demands. Winnie giggled. Looking up briefly from her book, she noticed another group standing near the large tree that Charles had pointed out moments before. One of them was dressed with a black leather jacket with his long curly hair pulled back into a ponytail. As she gave a brief glimpse, the boy in the black leather jacket looked over at her. A hand flew in front of her face and knocked the book down. Madison silently cursed the group back at her stairway; she had avoided Thomas for over three weeks now. She didn't say a word, just grabbed her book and stood back up. Again, Madison stood up. Madison kept quiet and stood still in front of him. She felt her hand had something wet on it, and when she lifted it up she saw blood that must had dripped down from her elbow. Thomas shoved her again, and again she fell to the ground only to stand back up. The group dispersed and Madison stood up, only to realize someone had opened her backpack and pulled out the contents. He shrugged,  Arion picked up a book that was left on the ground. Darick said, his eyes looked almost jealous as Arion walked away. Her contact book appeared in front of her face. As she walked out from behind the library, she saw Aries sitting on the stairs by himself. The café was in sight. The café's specialty was coffee, but it served a wide variety of food and beverages. Brianna and Madison were two out of three girls that worked in the café; all other employees were males that worked in the kitchen or behind the counter. The two girls went into the back and changed into the black slacks, white shirts, and green aprons before heading out to the front to wait for the customers to start flocking in. Brianna looked a little shocked, but seemed to shrug it off as she walked away. I snort, opening up Youtube as my best friend Travis peers over my shoulder. It smells like crap back there, too, and I wonder why. Travis urges, his head right next to mine, so close that I can feel his breath on my ear. he says in awe. Wait. Travis is peering at me, his sunglasses down low on his nose so that he looks like a grandma. I say, jerking my gaze away from his mouth to meet his eyes. Travis leans over me again, waving at the truck driver who can't be more than twenty. And that is not meant to sound insulting. I mumble, putting my forehead against the slimy window. Travis says, taking the inhaler out of my pocket. Maybe the heat is making everything a mirage. I say, defending our band teacher- Travis is obsessed with the idea that Reese wants to get into all of his student's pants. It's not bad, really. What? Um, I mean. Yeah. A/N: I'll update this one! I'm gonna get severely confused, what with my updating my straight fic I'm Not a Soup Can and adding slash! grabs my arm. a pretty good look into my brain. answered. blinds sending blinding light into my room. outside. problem? just wish he'd go far, far away. Friday. around my waist. done. five minutes alone with Matt and she'll have him convinced. he'll go out tonight. him, at his desk. homework. quirks an eyebrow, I shrug. talking to me. practically shouted". don't understand, Matt! drunk friends? highschool. sitting on the couch, watching Tv. the alcohol? Jen, I am not supplying alcohol to my underage sister and her friends! tonight I'd have to live with the fact that I bought it. slightly. continue. friendly reminder. I'm reposting this story here. It had been an exceptionally shitty Thursday. Despite it being my junior year, I had, for some reason, managed to snag the much-despised eight a. Also, studying was going to be increasingly difficult after my beloved roommate left her curling iron sitting atop my French textbook. As Meredith nodded, her bouncy blonde curls floated over her shoulders. At first glance, Meredith was every bit the leggy blonde a true sorority girl ought to be. She'd also make good on her promise to keep an eye on James, my boyfriend of three and a half months. I wasn't so much worried James would cheat on me, but I was sure without someone by his side he'd over drink and end up doing something stupid. The party would have been interesting, had I not been so focused on my studying. 'Sorry babe this isnt working out. Right there between the Chemistry Building and one of the dormitories. It smelt like freesia and cookies. The second floor hallway was carpeted and flanked with doors. Allison's cookies were really quite delicious. In high school I hadn't belonged anywhere; I'm terribly uncoordinated and never played any sports, and I wasn't blessed with any sort of musical talent, so I never found my niche in choir or band. It was one of the reasons I liked the idea of being in a sorority – girlfriends who'd stick up for you, no matter what; having friends to stay up late with, that sort of thing. It also wasn't until college that I began to date boys, and even then it was never anything too serious. It was a simple statement, as though my best friend just … knew. Glancing at the clock I realized it was still early, party speaking. Author's note: I've always wanted to do some sort of challenge. Plot: Character #1 is madly in love with Character #2. 1) Teenagers or younger as the main characters. She felt him even before he touched her. She turned, eyes spitting fire. She shot him a glare. His lips were set into a hard line and saw the stubborn glint in his eyes. He was right. He placed open mouthed kisses on the pulse point on her neck ensuing shivers. She forced her eyes to go cold. Maybe it was the way her face remained impassive. She sat in the middle of her room surrounded by boxes of Kleenex and used tissues. Gathering her courage, she began to clean after herself. She hurried over to the hall at her right, feeling her heart beat frantically. She slid down to the ground. Relief spread through her chest instantly. he continued, placing feathery kisses all over her face. Her face was hurting from smiling too much. He growled under his breath. He lifted her chin, face somber, eyes intense. I watched in distaste as the couple in front of me flirted, touched, and even more nauseating things. The other girl pouted and I hated how cute she looked when she did that and I hated even more how the owner of the pacific blue eyes melted under that pout every single time. I said, annoyed that they weren't moving to go. I walked silently behind the couple, the big ape stomping next to me. Yet Raphael Stat was my best friend, had been ever since pre-k. Raphael said and I knew he was giving me his best kicked puppy dog look, which never worked on me. I looked over at him, watching as the passing lights made shadows on his face. I said honestly. I really wish he didn't say stuff like that, it makes it so much harder to get over him. Raphael asked, already walking instep next to me as we cut through the tall bushes and started to walk up to my front door. I said, opening the door but Raphael was too quick and grabbed my arm and pulled me into our routine hug. Raphael said after our hug. She said and I scrunched up my face at her. I said, stomping my way upstairs in aggravation. I opened the door to my room and closed it. I plopped down heavily onto my bed and curled up with my Eeyore stuffed animal and closed my eyes, glad that the next day was Sunday and I could sleep in without that annoying thing called school interrupting. A yawn escaped my mouth as I looked down at the magazine in front of me. I heard the faithful ding of a bell and knew a customer had walked in. Violet colored eyes connected with mine and raised a pierced eye brow. I looked into sparkling, not in a good way mind you, stormy eyes. I said in a sickly sweet voice. I looked over at Valentina and resisted the urge to growl. I said and could almost imagine steam coming out of her ears until finally her head popped up. Last, but certainly not least, Warrick NaDell. I said, grabbing it out of his hands and turning around before he could punch my lights out, which I'm sure he would have. He asked, pulling out his wallet from his back pocket and walking up to the register. I said, ringing up the CD. Warrick said in his deep 'no questions' voice. I said, non-to-kindly. Raphael said slowly, knowing there was something else but letting me get away with it. I have a little problem. We go to sit buy the table we have sat in since freshman year. My eyes scan the lunch room. I just nod my head dreamily. One guy with spiky brown hair pushed this other guy against a locker a few down from mine. Me! Ouch. This idea just popped into my head. A/N: I don't own Nora Roberts (but of course)Have you ever read all those clichéd stories where you feel like smashing your head into the computer screen and simply wished to strangle that oblivious girl or knock some sense into her head? With my vast experience gathered from reading all those clichés, I can proudly proclaim that I have an inbuilt romance detector and can sense budding romance a mile away. They are one unfathomable species…Jocks, I mean. I withdrew my head from the safe haven of my bag and slowly turned towards the 'shadow'. Okay, as much as I would have preferred to say that I stood up and socked him in the face, I did not. When I swung my backpack across my shoulders and turned to leave the seat, linebacker- with-big-muscles was gone. I mumbled a sort of reply into his shirt and grabbing my bag from the floor, I sidestepped him and got into the farthest seat. Hey! I inclined my head at him enquiringly and he seemed to break out of his stare while that grin turned into an embarrassed smile. Boy, if only I knew how close I hit home. No wonder I could not find half the books I wanted the next day. Then, warmth and a very nice, manly smell enveloped me. The whole school was strangely, very strangely, silent. The whole school started pouring in from both sides of the corridor. Then, the crowd parted, and Isaac walked through, looking breathtakingly handsome. Hey! Today was the day of the state football championships, and the whole school was hyped up and excited. Half the stadium groaned in unison as Isaac lost the ball again for the third time in just the first half of the game. The referees called for half-time, and I followed Isaac with my eyes, as he trudged off the field, receive what was definitely a biting scolding from his coach. I tried to convince the security guard to let me in. Walking hurriedly along the corridor, I saw Isaac slumped in a corner, just out of sight of the spectators with his head buried in his hands. Before he could take another step, I ran up to him and hugged him from behind, and hugged him as best as I could with his bulky football gear. A grin spread across his face and he kissed me thoroughly once more before running back out, throwing a backward glance at me. Isaac caught the ball, and was for a brief moment, entirely free as the Guards and Tackles brought down the defensive linemen closing in on him. Our half of the stadium went up in roar and Ava and I hugged each other while jumping up and down excitedly. Because when you're a teenager, nothing matters but school. Then we come to the Incest Crew. From there, you'd have your so called 'scene kids', the teenagers that sit in the bathrooms, taking pictures of themselves in mirrors with twatty hair extensions. Then there's them, at the top, the untouchables. A friend of mine, frustrated (as I know some of you are too! This is a fairly major departure (to my mind anyway) from what I usually write and, as such, I am really interested in what people think of it. Anyway, please read on. I pulled at my red, cotton dress as I walked up the path to my boyfriend's place, making sure it sat correctly even as I knew that it would have become crumpled on the drive over. I stopped fussing with my clothing as I reached the front door to my boyfriend's family home and, knocking briefly, let myself in. Good old fashioned home cooking was in the air, the warm yeasty smell of something savoury coming out of the oven in the kitchen, and the faint, sweet aroma being released from the potpourri sitting on the side table. I finally admitted it to myself and my shoulders drooped even as I questioned myself. There was the usual obligatory shot of Davey's parents on their wedding day, the fashion cringe-worthy but their happy expressions timeless. Next was a photo of Davey smiling at a family barbeque, me tucked securely under his arm, grinning just as widely and genuinely. I asked quickly, hating the wording he'd used. Davey, I told myself fiercely as I kissed him, you love Davey, you have for ages. We! I was glad she was being melodramatic as it meant no-one had noticed my reaction. I spoke loudly and confidently but I'd surprised myself just as much as I had them. They didn't understand, none of them knew just how much I understood about the eldest Lawrence boy, how much about him just clicked with me, how intimately I'd been involved with him. It had definitely cooled down weather wise and, feeling a whip of wind against my cheek, I noticed that dark clouds were bubbling up across the skyline. Who the hell did he think he was? The guy said, suddenly seeming to understand. I froze in the doorway and saw him go similarly still as our eyes snagged, caught, and held. I'd always thought, even from when I'd first met him, that attractive was the perfect word for Mac. His friends chuckled and I blushed a furious red that just about matched my tomato dress. This, in case you were wondering, is not the real Mac. And, speech over, he stalked from the room, slamming the door behind himself. As I moved blindly towards the door Mac had just exited I realised I'd started to cry. Letting myself out of the house I paused for a moment on the veranda as the smell of rain hitting the hot earth filled my senses. I slipped out from the covers, grabbing my wet dress and slipping it back over my head in one movement. Decision time…right. Okay, a decision. With a shaking hand I reached out and turned the door knob, pulling at the door until Davey was revealed standing, soaking wet, on the veranda. And talk we did. I watched him go, feeling as if I'd just run an emotional marathon, and then heard the door open behind me and footsteps on the wooden deck. It seemed that just as soon as my heart shattered with the thought of losing Davey it healed at the thought of gaining Mac. So what do you think? Author's note: Something I had in my folder for a while… was meant to be a one shot, but seriously, you know how long my one shots are so I'm going to save you the trouble and cut it in sections. I snapped, glowering to my left. OK, fine, if he was going to be like that, I could learn to ignore him. I crossed out everything. I scratched the whole list out and pushed the pen and paper away from me. It was taunting me. OK. Maybe I can be late in picking him up. No. No. What? Right. A chill crawled down my spine. Was he kidding? Dad responded mildly. He laughed, long and hard. Josh said mildly as he walked along side of me. Well, he failed. Gasping, I whirled around and slammed him against the locker. I shrugged uncertainly. I didn't dare look at his face. Until I felt a warm hand clasp my elbow gently. I followed him, his hand somehow finding my hand from my elbow. That's okay. My nose began to twitch and I resisted the urge to reach up and rub away the disturbance. I shook my head. I scowled. His lips pressed into a smile, as if remembering my various warnings. I made a scrunched face at him before bursting into awkward, hysterical laughter. Dads were supposed to tell you to stay away from bad boys! I frowned. I nodded my head, undeterred. I smiled brightly, ignoring Josh's sudden smirk towards my skull. Josh shot me a look,  But Taylor shoved her tongue down his throat. I glared nastily at them because both their eyes were closed. I whipped my head to the window when Taylor pulled away, breathless, and clicked on her seatbelt. I could say the same for you. Josh looked at me from the rear-view mirror with a smirk. Clearly Taylor didn't like me. I called, before I was instantly barrelled against the wall when a body came flying in my direction. I playfully rolled my eyes and nudged him towards the coat racks. He pointed to the two girls. I said to him and grabbed his backpack. I proceeded to cackle manically at his worried look. I asked slowly, afraid. I practically sobbed when I reached him. Will rolled his eyes, and I had a feeling he got that habit from Josh… who liked to roll his eyes in my presence. I glowered. Taylor said sweetly and leaned towards him to suck his face again. Taylor smiled. I smiled brightly. I feigned innocence. I immediately denied. Heart in my throat, I slapped a hand to Will's mouth. No. I said enthusiastically, pointing at the grocery store. The grin was still strained. I cleared my throat. Josh's eyes met mine and he smiled that charming, bad boy smile. I whirled around, watching his broad back. I snapped, snatching the box in Josh's hand. He rolled his eyes when he acknowledged my next words. He stared at me before barking out a laugh. OK. I mean, how else could you interpret those words? I smiled at him a little. I should have expected that. I strangled out, trying not to reach forward and smack the living daylights out of Josh. My jaw dropped, and furious, I watched him grab all the plastic bags. I practically sobbed. The ride home was silent. Why was he so good with kids? I told him calmly as we walked towards my front door. I conceded grudgingly as we stepped inside. Josh said and shot me a look. I returned. I relaxed, nodded my head, and turned to the counter. I said distractedly, looking for basil. I didn't say anything because… well, he does know how to cook. I opened my eyes when I felt someone shaking me, and the first thing I realized was that I was drooling on my Biology textbook, more than halfway through studying. Horrified, I stared at him before rubbing my nose. Right. I made a move to walk past him, but he sidestepped me. Josh didn't falter. Finally, he smiled. I said sharply and pulled him to me when he made a reach for the washing machine. he rolled his eyes. I glowered. Now I was pissed off with his nonchalant attitude. He shook his head and turned for the kitchen. It was something I had to remind myself on a daily basis. I murmured back, lifting my head to him. the teacher said sharply. I relaxed, rolling my eyes when I saw the teacher practically melt. I gave a tiny confused wave. he said, a gentle smile on his face. I glanced at my opened planner still on my desk and didn't see anything important. I said, glancing to his face. My mouth opened and closed, and in disbelief, I turned around to see Josh standing next to me, his hard gaze on Ivan. I practically snapped. What the hell. I glared at Josh who suddenly whirled around. I hissed, slapping my forehead. I sighed, and looked up to ask Josh what I should do, but he was closer than I thought. Josh. Yeah. I suddenly realized that I was in his arms. I shoved myself away and landed on my bum. Josh sort of bent forward to meet my eyes. I stared at him before laughing. I realized then I was heaving. I couldn't help but growl, whirling around. I smiled crookedly. I called desperately, shoving my feet into my shoes whilst putting on my jacket. I told him. Yeah. His room was right across from my own window, and we usually wave or have quick, silent conversations with each other just for laughs. I said, quickening my pace. I bit my bottom lip. I looked down at my little brother and saw his pleading face. I said vaguely. I laid my head against the desk, eyes closed. My phone vibrated. I gritted my teeth. I buried my face in my arms. Dad said wryly, but I detected a hint of impatience. The fourth period bell rang, but I didn't rush to class like I normally would. Josh's presence surprised me as I stepped out of the building, but I didn't show my shock. I stopped and turned to face him. Despite myself, I couldn't stop the flash of fear spread throughout my body. I smiled at him falsely. I said. I smiled at him. He turned his eyes away from mine, but his lips were set into a grim line. He was leaning on his car when I stepped out of my house. I think I stared at him for a moment, and I couldn't help but call out. He paused. But even before that Josh was always looking out for me. I smiled against his shirt. His footsteps pounded after me. He rolled his eyes. Ian had a gun in his backpack. Tobias had a condom in his backpack—well, he had four, and some schoolbooks, and a few papers and homework assignments that other people had done for him. Ian turned slightly and shrugged in reply, then slunk down the hall to English class. Ian hunched forward on his desk, covering his ears and picturing the Smith &amp; Wesson in his backpack to distract himself from their insults. So I decided a trip to the movies was in order, one of the few places I had deemed safe. There was coke and ice all over my lap. he said loudly, already grabbing napkins and trying to wipe my lap. I bristled at his laughter, angry beyond all belief. I ate my food faster than it was healthy and was out of the restaurant while my pants were still wet. I was almost free and clear when –BAM! I noticed he was staring at the game bag. My God. I twisted the key in the lock so the door would open. I looked down at my feet, realizing that not only was I in charge of the breaks, but the gas, too, and immediately felt like an idiot. I timidly pointed toward my driveway, and he swerved into it without even blinking. I sighed,  I paused, thinking that over, and added as an afterthought,  I very hesitantly unlocked the door and let him follow me inside. I went to hook up the Xbox while Reid busied himself looking around the rest of the room. I handed him a controller, making sure to avoid eye contact. He caught it easily, dammit. I corrected. So we played Halo 2 for a very long time, until my eyes burned from the unhealthy light of the TV and I almost couldn't stand it anymore. Ben argued. And they grabbed me by the collar of my shirt and hurled me outside. Man, I was really pissed that my roommates were big enough assholes to sell my male virginity for a game of Halo. I looked away from him angrily, brushing my hair out of my face. I snapped, distracted. he said, and pulled my keys out of his pocket. He pulled off a mad U-turn that actually slammed me into the door. Once again, I was really starting to get pissed about how calm he was about this whole situation. A/N: All the things in this story that are based on real life are just ridiculous. I wonder how long he'll be gone this time? happened. believe her anyway. getting a divorce? happened. woman scorned. to ruin him. . his dazzling smiles. it was just a silly crush. with excellent smelling shampoo. as a compliment or not. . something is bothering you. me in my seventh grade year. know! Disclaimer: The characters and events in this story are fictitious. That, at least, might have been a little more accurate. She couldn't deny that she found him attractive. Because there was something mysterious about his eyes – a shade of brown so dark they might as well be called black – and the long, thick lashes edging them. It certainly wasn't his manners. Currently, Sera was trying not to glower at the tall rake of a man next to her. When he talked to women, he used his hands in a much more intimate way; a brief touch on the back of their wrist to get their attention, a nonchalant brush along their arm as they shared a joke. And women fell for him; fell over themselves to keep his attention. With a small sigh, Sera Yates attempted a smile for her father. Weddings, Sera believed, were ridiculous affairs, whose sole purpose was to inflict as much emotional and financial torture on family and friends as possible within a, thankfully, limited time span. She had agreed only on the stipulation Chadwick buy her dress and any other accessories she deemed necessary. So, that was how Sera found herself bullied into a charcoal gray Jovani silk dress. Except I'm definitely not a Lisa Fremont. The bartender's smile suddenly became genuine and his eyes sparkled with amusement. Ah, the irony. With an answering smile, Sera turned away and let her gaze roam over the expansive room. Sera jerked her attention away from the happy couple, hoping to find something more interesting and a little less. Standing behind a striking woman who nearly eclipsed every other person in the room. Another glass of champagne, served with a laugh by the attentive bartender. Sera blinked, startled. She cleared her throat, suddenly nervous under the scrutiny of that dark gaze. She held her hand out. Sera wasn't sure what to do with that question. She kept her voice low and even. Sera's jaw locked with terrible tightness, making her teeth ache. Cool air washed over the heated skin of her face and throat as Sera walked out onto the large stone balcony. Sera closed her eyes for a moment, took another deep breath. But she couldn't believe the way that man had spoken to her! Another deep breath and Sera let that train of thought flow away with a low, self-deprecating chuckle. One side of Sera's mouth hitched up in a wry smile at the question. He shrugged carelessly. His eyes flickered and Sera could see the thoughts moving behind them. Sera fought the urge to smirk at him. It took him seconds to make up his mind, minutes to sneak them both unnoticed out of the party and down onto the street. And then they were back at his place and her dress lay crumpled on the floor like a wilted black dahlia next to his pants, turned inside out in his haste to be out of them. Because Seraphina Yates didn't have a penny to her name. Holding her breath, Sera slid out of the bed, trying not to wake its other occupant. Well, she certainly wasn't going to crawl around on her hands and knees to find them. Sheets whispered softly against bare skin, finally dry from the recent exertion, and Sera froze. This one would definitely be offended. As Brant settled and began to snore, Sera let out a small sigh. A small squeak of terror escaped Sera's throat as she whirled around toward the sound of the voice. She eyed him for a minute. – only to run headlong into what felt like a brick wall. But the scowl froze mid-crease. Sera blinked. What are the odds. Her teeth ground against each other at the way his voice changed. Because you are not in even the slightest way attracted to him. She sucked in an indignant breath. As she slipped into the taxi, she looked up one more time. Note: For all those that read/reviewed/favorited 'The Undying', please note that it will be removed soon and to focus your attention on this story instead. The dragon's once brilliant, green eyes were now pale and glazed over with a white film so that she could barely see the slits of its pupils. To further her discomfort, she was sure the dead dragon was female. Artemis often thought that if she ever had a dragon, she would have liked for it to be female and an image came to her mind of her riding the rare and hated black dragon in front of her – her hair as dark as its scales, flying out behind her, her robes torn without care. a voice she hadn't heard in so long rung out behind her. When he was almost at her side she dipped into a small, mocking bow. Her heart lifted a little in discomfort. Lane shrugged uncaringly but Artemis knew this was simply because he didn't know how uncomfortable his ruthless green dragon made her when they were alone together. The thought made her shift awkwardly on her feet. She tried to show some sympathy for the green dragon, really she did, but in truth she knew the scars were probably nothing compared to the recognition he was going to get in the next coming months. They stood in silence for many moments, just staring at the skewered dragon head that loomed over the oak table. Lane suddenly asked, his voice quiet. Artemis could only nod. Kendric, her betrothed, was a kind boy though. 'One. It was kind of an embarrassing fact, but he had said he would wait until she was ready to be wedded. Her brother nudged her. Artemis burst out laughing momentarily, which earned her a pleasantly puzzled look from her brother. Artemis said after one last look back at the head before the gap in the wooden doors sealed, Thank you for taking the time to check out this story, it is greatly appreciated. On a side note, I love reviews. Now, you might be wondering how a girl like me, who's, by the way, from Iowa, got into an all boys boarding school in California. I guess I do kind of know, but it was still a really really big shock. Now here's the real question, how did they end up picking me to be that girl, when I live so very far, far away? Yep. According to my (not) lovely former principal, I am just perfect, perfect, perfect for this. Despite the true comment about my tomboyishness, and as much as I hated to admit it, I missed my family already. By the way, my parents were ecstatic about this whole situation (which is most of the reason why I am actually doing this). My three brothers, on the other hand, were less then joyful about this. But, the point was, I'm getting really nervous and already missed home terribly. Nick was my absolute best friend in the whole world. Since pre-k, we had indeed remained best friends. Nick was tall (six feet one inch to be exact), with chlorine trashed dirty blonde hair and round hazel eyes. Nick explained. Oh no he didn't, how on earth did he figure it out so quickly? Nick said, obviously trying to cheer me up with those ridiculous phrases. I know this is going to sound terribly corny and cliché and all, but for some reason Nick's familiar voice and comforting words made me feel much stronger and way more confident. I replied, laughing out loud. I hung up the phone and put it back in the cup holder. A few minutes later, I read a sign along the side of the road. I continued driving down the highway. As I pulled into Westlane for the first time, I realized just how many boys approximately 300 teenage boys were. Although, that might have something to do with the fact that I was still singing  by Katrina and the Waves rather loudly. But I'm guessing it was all three. I parked in front of what I was pretty sure was the building with the Main Office in it. She was talking on the phone, so I politely waited for her to finish, tapping my foot impatiently as I did so. She got up and walked down the hall as I turned and took a seat in a chair next to the door, obviously not everyone was happy about me being here. Slowly, I turned the knob and entered Headmaster Gavet's office. A very unremarkable man sat behind the desk, in the nice leather chair. Just lovely. NOOOOOOOOOOOOO! And with that, I turned, left the room, and made my way back out to the lobby. Cam, or at least I'm assuming that's who this is, was tall. I retorted as my bold side came back again. Liz yelled, her eyes following Aubrey until the young girl turned a corner a few yards down the street. Aubrey always scoffed at her crazy mumblings about creatures of the night. she answered politely to her implied question. Liz asked. a loud, masculine voice yelled from the other side of the room. Alex, one of the biggest asses that worked with her, was sitting there with a smirk on his face. Maneuvering around the tables set up for employee's to eat at, Liz slowly made her was to Alex's booth, sitting down on the empty seat opposite of him. Liz put an elbow on the table, resting her chin on her hand. he muttered before taking a bite of his hamburger. Alex eyed her skeptically, clearly not believing her excuse. Liz studied him for a moment, trying to see if he was being serious. He was extremely well built, with a black shirt that was tight against his muscular chest, showing off his chest nicely. Liz jumped, her eyes swiveling back to Alex as he suddenly stood up from the booth and walked over to the stranger, shouting out a greeting that was too muffled for her to understand as they shook hands. The man clasped his hands together on top of the table, his black eyes locked on his fingers. He may have been nice eye candy, but he was a bit strange. Liz's smile widened and she walked back to her check stand. Liz's eyes widened in surprise, not sure if she heard him right. She was a little surprised; she had expected to meet him later that night at Staci's, not right after work. Alex answered honestly. A pulling – that was the only way she could describe what she was feeling. As if to prove that he could, he pushed himself away from the car, dropping his arms to his sides and using his height to his advantage. It's 4:03 and I can't sleep without you next to me. Her office had a relaxing atmosphere, and as he took a seat, he felt her eyes probing his face. Almost immediately after he noticed her mood, she straightened, and the soothing, gentle smile was once again on her face. she repeated, a strange tone in her voice. The questions she was asking were questions he asked himself long ago. There was some sort of silence he couldn't describe. she said, leaning forward slightly. She giggled a little, leaning back and let a breath out. he said after a pause. He frowned a little. He looked at her. He paused, his body heavy and empty. She scribbled something on her notepad, but she surprised him by ripping the sheet off and handing it to him. He grasped her much smaller hand and shot her an easy grin. She smiled beautifully, and he saw a hint of dimples on her cheeks. Alex nodded to him with a slight grin,  Alex responded, leaning against the counter. Alex felt his head pounding, but since Tom was there, he didn't bother reaching to rub the ache away. He shrugged. They were silent. Tom chuckled. An embarrassed giggle spilled from her and she straightened. Unseeingly, he stared at his scribble, not bothering to read what he'd written. When she reentered, her smile was brilliant. Her reassurance amused him. she began, gesturing towards him. she answered automatically, but then straightened. He practically felt the burn of the words he wrote. Her eyebrows shot up. He waved her off before sighing. He didn't expect that. He smiled slightly,  His voice was gentle and soft, but he couldn't help but feel that there was a strange tone to those words. she giggled and leaned back. And suddenly, it was just the two of them in the world. He couldn't lie to her eyes. He was just happy? He observed her for a moment and sighed. he muttered bitterly. he replied lowly. he said suddenly, looking up from the ground. He was pulled out of his reverie. He stopped running; he didn't care for the sweat soaking through his shirt, or the ache shooting up his legs. He felt a frustrated sob rise to his throat, but he didn't release it. Tom wasn't stupid. he muttered lowly, agonizingly, letting his head roll forward. What was he doing? he said, trying to inject as much life into his voice was he can. He froze. She stopped midway from rustling in her giant purse to look up at him in bewilderment. He watched her wrap his hand; he didn't bother asking why she was doing this. She didn't look at him. He opened his mouth, but she was already walking away. Alex closed the door behind him, but didn't take a seat quite yet. Yeah, he admitted it. Honestly, he wasn't as bitter as he let on. he let her know… too bad he didn't listen to a single one. He could've sworn her smile fell, but it was probably just him. He watched her intently. she said absentmindedly, making notes about god knows what in her notepad. He snapped out of it. She nodded in understanding. She smirked rather cutely. She inhaled sharply and smiled. Alex watched her, an unreadable expression on his face. She shot him a pointed look, but it wasn't condescending. Dr Kennedy asked lightly when he made no further indication that he was going to continue with the previous topic. He looked away from her. Her responding smile made his chest clench in the way where all he could think that she was too beautiful to be alone. he drawled, casting his eyes to the roller coasters with people screaming, completely exhilarated. she said eagerly, already tugging him towards the nearest coaster. He blinked out of his momentary daze, but when he looked at her, she was looking at him not as a joking companion, but as his therapist. He smiled slightly with a shrug,  He sighed, running a hand through his hair. Apart from the obvious attraction, but he didn't count that. He frowned, his thoughts muddled. She hummed under her breath in understanding. But she loved her job, so she said it was all worth it. he answered impulsively. He observed her. He shook his head. But sometimes he needed time to himself. Her eyebrows shot up, as if she were ready to defend herself. he teased, tugging her red hair. He released the strands, an odd silence between them. He almost smacked himself. Oh fuck. Her eyes shuttered before a smile lightened her face. he told her bluntly. She seemed to freeze, and if he weren't watching her closely, he wouldn't have noticed. But no. He quirked an eyebrow at her back. She nodded in agreement, her face stuffed with orange popsicle. He smiled faintly, but didn't continue. came her voice sounding short. He stopped, unable to breathe. She was forcing herself to breathe evenly, and when she opened her eyes, she automatically looked out the window. he said, finally tearing his eyes from her. Time seemed to freeze. The ride stopped moving. The cart door opened and she stood up. Shaking his head, he stood up and followed her. Alex leaned back in his chair, a smirk on her lips. she asked the same was she usually did. He shrugged. Dr Kennedy laughed. She smiled. He sighed, taking the key out of the hole. She scoffed. He laughed, shaking his head. He sighed, trying not to get frustrated. The door opened and curious eyes peeked through with a pretty head. he said teasingly. Alex shrugged. Christabel said, her voice raw with emotion. Christabel wiped her eyes roughly. There was tense silence. The redhead started to talk but fell silent. Alex interjected. He didn't bother biting. Her next words surprised him. Dr Kennedy's soft voice reached his eyes. Christabel was quiet for a while. Alex snapped, running a hand through his head. Christabel stood up abruptly. His voice was muffled. He wasn't stupid. Tom was in the kitchen. Tom lost his arrogant expression and he looked at him with an unreadable look. Said person appraised him with a cool look. Alex hesitated. Tom barked out a laugh. Tom answered with a smile. Alex's mind instantly flashed to Dr Kennedy's brilliant smile. Tom looked at him like he was crazy, but he only nodded. The pain was unexpected at those words. Tom observed him, an inward battle going through his eyes. Christabel forbade her to. He breathed in deeply, rubbing his face. Alex couldn't say anything, inwardly tortured. Dr Kennedy said with a light laugh. Her voice held a soft note, one that compelled him to forgive his fiancée. Breathing hard, he stared at Dr Kennedy, the words becoming sharper and clearer in his mind. His expression went slack and he blinked, trying to clear his thoughts. she suggested. He frowned a little, glancing at her neutral face, the faint smile on her lips as she curiously observed her surroundings. he began, his voice tense as he realized what he started. he said, trying not to sound confused. she snorted lightly, laughing under her breath. She wrung her hands, thinking the words through. Dr Kennedy giggled, probably at his expression, and he shook his head with a smirk on his face. He wanted to know more, but he didn't know where to begin. Dr Kennedy looked at him for a moment, her eyes unreadable. He shook his head roughly, a curse word erupting from his throat. It clattered, rolled, and stopped. He looked expectantly at Dr Kennedy. She straightened, her gaze tinged with horror but she looked up at him nonetheless. He didn't move, he didn't even tear his gaze from where she was standing. he said, his voice strange sounding. It was all coming back. He felt her shaking lightly. he said, tasting the words on his mouth. She smiled. He smiled a faint smile. She tiptoed to give him a sweet kiss on the lips. My Guardian Angel was created in 2007. Hey everyone. Evangelina Stiles was your typical babe--hot and loaded--with stunning titian hair, emerald green eyes, and a knockout figure - as well as having, well, plain sex appeal. The only problem was, she needed just one more thing to completely conquer the high-classed society she dwelled in. Devlin Madison. A very wealthy young man. Devlin just also happened to be. But something was amiss tonight. Now that he'd just finished Oxford (with majors and degrees in Advanced Literature and Humanities, no less), Devlin understood that he had to make decisions. Ms. Stiles asked, gleefully hoping he was drunk as a doorknob. , Devlin replied, getting back to reality. , Devlin murmured, before catching her mouth in his and starting an age-long make-out session which, when they reached his luxury-suite apartment, soon turned out to be much. At least. She just got fifty dollars for waiting tables at the five-star restaurant on the seventh floor of Thinestraw Plaza Hotel, the most elite hotel in this part of the state. Born to an alcoholic dad and a drug-addicted mother, she'd lived her childhood in total fear of her parents' mood swings. So she gave up the one thing she could afford to lose from that list: her education. A second later, she was ambushed by a little dark-haired girl. A young woman stared back unblinkingly. love! nowhere, he becomes quiet. "Sto … hahaha! Hahahaha! OK! TBC . needs major editing. hear you"! pricey. all right, Val. Normally that wouldn't be a problem, because I love the rain. I've dragged myself downstairs a couple of times (We have pie in the fridge! Ooooh, I have a text message. Hmm. Shall I text her back? Yoda is watching me disapprovingly. Nope. Who am I kidding? Grapes would be a bad idea. So yes, it is raining. Anyway. Anyway. I can't be bothered to explain. Oh yeah, a lot of the stuff in this chapter has actually happened to me! A/N: Hi! like to see more of/less of. And all right, so maybe George had thought the same, but really, was that any reason for Tim poo-poo his suggestion? But in their town? Tim made a face. George rolled his eyes, putting a hand on his hip and rounding on Tim. Maybe Miss Elvira had been right. Ben needed them. George squinted, hoping that might make the bum look better or that he might figure out what it was that Tim was seeing, but no. he corrected. George said, stating the obvious. George rolled his eyes. George poked his hairless chest. Tim told him smugly. At first, he'd been certain that his father had finally managed to track him down and hire thugs to forcibly make him return home. As it was, some old guy in black leather pants that hung loosely off his nonexistent butt was dangling a sprig of wolfsbane in front of Jacob, making him dizzy. Leather Man's partner in crime, Dress Man, was twisting his hands nervously. Dress Man added before attempting to artfully rearrange Jacob's hair with long candy apple red acrylic fingernails. Man, Jacob really could have used a jelly doughnut with sprinkles. His father had told him he'd come to a bad end, rejecting his inheritance and leaving home to forge his own way. Thankfully, he didn't have too long to wait, as a small compact car pulled up the drive. the pretty demanded, cautiously walking up and setting the cooler down on the front step before rounding on Jacob. Jacob managed to choke out before entering another sneezing fit. the pretty admitted cautiously, before putting his key into the front door and unlocking it. Jacob jerked at the mention of werewolves. Not to mention that it wasn't always a good idea to stick around in one place for too long. Ben looked furious. Harassed was actually a pretty good look for him. Trying not to grin, Jacob took it for the invitation that it was and followed the hell hound in. God damned, but he sucked at this. Jacob looked hopeful and Ben nodded, glad for once that he'd spent the extra money to pick up a gallon of the stuff. Pulling out a chair as he made his way towards the cupboards, Ben nodded for Jacob to sit before he grabbed a cheap glass and opened the fridge. Sneaking a peek, though, Ben couldn't help a wistful smile. It was stupid to feel regret over not having bought any doughnuts. Then again, what the hell was he thinking? he offered hesitantly. He was not ogling the pretty eye candy. Kyle had hated it when Ben lapsed into silent fidgeting. They were gone, though, and he was here. Trying not to show how nervous all this was making him, Ben nonchalantly pulled out his chair and then almost fell on the floor when he tripped himself in the process. It was even less attractive if you accidentally head-butted your partner in the middle of sex. he chuckled self consciously,  They'd run a fake blood bank drive and gotten enough blood to keep him sated for a month and a half. He appreciated their concern. he added thoughtfully. Jacob leaned back in his chair, an arm wrapped over the back as he stared at Ben. he tried not to squeak as Jacob leaned against the counter top by the fridge, invading Ben's personal space. Ben frowned. Damn Jacob for looking hopeful. When Tim and George had his wallet? But Ben was smarter now. Hell, he half suspected it didn't exist in the first place anyway. Fact of the matter was, though, Ben was the only person that Jacob had come into contact with so far that even seemed remotely down to earth. So what if his father sent thugs? Jacob blinked. George squealed like an adolescent school girl and thus becoming something that Jacob was sure he'd have nightmares over. Jacob snickered. Jacob cooed at the dog as she jumped up on him, her paws on his shoulders. He grinned. he asked cautiously, putting his blood away as fast as he could. Jacob moved closer, reaching for the cupboard behind Ben to grab a glass. Right. Jacob winced, leaning back on the sofa and once again getting in Ben's personal space. Jacob made a face, and Ben couldn't help but laugh. He let his eyes drift shut. Yeah, that was better, wasn't it? he blurted out automatically before wincing. Too late, Ben couldn't help but think. Ben called back, and Jacob grinned, shucking his coat as and throwing it on the coat rack. George had made a huge deal of Ben's hair, the last time he'd forced ten bucks into Jacob's hands oblivious to Jacob's protests, saying that most vampires were brunettes. He plucked the book out of Ben's protesting hands, sighing to himself as Ben whipped off the glasses and tossed them on the coffee table. He'd never really thought of himself as the protective type. Still, he wasn't going to think of them right now. Ben seemed to think that Jacob was too young and too hot for an oldster like him. He flopped down on the couch beside Ben, who had resettled against an arm. Ben asked, fidgeting like mad. As far as Jacob could tell, Ben did a couple days on at the hospital and then had a couple off. he returned softly, watching as Ben pulled open the fridge, rifling through its contents. In the corner of his eye, he saw Ben grab a bag of blood and make a disgusted face as he pulled it out of the fridge. Two sips and he had to put it down as his mouth turned inside out. But he might have squeaked as he quickly covered his mouth with his hand. And he was entirely out of Ben's league. To someone like Jacob? Which was stupid. he finally admitted. And then Jacob laughed. And really, was there anyone in the world who was going to do that? Adorable? Jacob chided softly, drawing closer. Ben sighed, bringing his hand up to pull Jacob's down, but losing his nerve as his fingers gripped Jacob's wrist. Of course, their differences in height put Ben's head hovering around the crook of Jacob's neck. Almost in spite of himself, Ben hesitantly reached up to grab Jacob's shoulders. Jacob's hands ran down his sides, before grabbing the belt loops of his jeans and pulling Ben fully up against him. Cautiously, he opened his mouth and squeezed his eyes shut as he gingerly put his fangs up against the soft skin of Jacob's throat. And then it was anything but disgusting. Naked. Ben felt the heat rush to his face as he blushed. Okay, it was time to panic now. Spot was conked out on the couch, a thin stream of drool running from her jowls. He didn't dare turn around to look. The gun dropped and Ben took the opportunity to whirl around and stare. Jacob snapped angrily, storming to Ben's other side and wrapping his arms around Ben's waist. Turning to look up at him, Ben knew his eyes were growing big. Ben shook off Jacob's embrace. he told them quietly, not looking any of them in the eye. Slamming it shut, he made sure to throw the lock. Oh, and that just did it. Reaching down, he picked up the fake dog poo, ignoring his father's indignant gasp. Now to find Ben. Silly little vampire. Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to the disclaimer. So protect your family. WARNING! And now that all that's out of the way. I used to have a window. This place has no windows. I lament this fact as I stare out of my therapist's window. Well, your use of my full name is bothering me, for one, I think, but don't bother saying out loud. he had asked me from behind his massive oak desk, his voice as emotionless and toneless as it is today. I'd answered with a winning smile. Dick informs her. Stella pushes a key into a lock on the wall next to a door labeled  in big black letters. To the left of me is a rather long hallway filled with identical wooden doors, labeled with big black numbers and letters -- ten doors on each side. I peer through the Plexiglas sliding window. Stella snaps from behind me. I catch sight of a blood pressure cuff, which turns out to be attached to an arm, which leads to the shoulder and then the rather nice body of a young man -- and as I get a quick, fleeting glimpse of his face, I realize I don't know him. Holy fuck. The first door on the left is propped open with a chair, and I can hear some kind of group going on inside. I don't even know what she's talking about, really. There's some guest speaker sitting silently at the front of the room in one of the uncomfortable blue chairs. Is this Alcoholic Anonymous, or perhaps Narcotic-users Anonymous? Perhaps it's a group on anger management. My pondering ends as the speaker stand from the Playskool-esque chair and leaves the room. She stops suddenly, her mouth frozen in the open position, her eyes drifting to the door of the dayroom. They've taken the new admit's watch. I can't help raking my eyes up and down his body, a smile starting to play across my lips. My smile turns to a smirk. Well, there we have it. I revised Dear Imagination again. THAT SAID, if you have this story in your  and aren't interested in seeing edited/added scenes then I highly recommend you remove it! To the whole plagiarism thing: No, I'm not taking it down because of some plagiarism scandal. Hopefully, if all goes well, as we chortle and guffaw over your unending stupidity, you will curl up and die on your bathroom rug, depressed, with no friends. First off, yay I finished it. Hey, I deleted a lot of it. Sorry to anybody who doesn't like the fixed one. Jerry stepped out into the cold, crisp air and closed the door of his cabin. No one was taking it away. Oh, not all of them. At present there was only Jerry, his older brother Ron and his woman, and his sister Justine and her family living on the ancestral land. Jerry crunched across the snow covered ground to Ron's place. Ron was actually Jerry's half brother, but blood was blood. Ron nodded, pushing Lally off his lap. He grinned sheepishly. Lally set the plate of food before him, and he tucked in with a good appetite. Alright so this is truly my first fictionpress story. 6. My mother was sick, she had been sick for the past two years; lung cancer the doctors said and my father had passed away when I was a child. The nine to six of cleaning houses combined with the six thirty to one a. I looked at Gavin his auburn hair bent as he ate his breakfast. I pulled out the last five dollars in my pockets and gave them to him. While I had one last thing to sell my family would not get evicted and starve. The streets in this area appeared mostly deserted. Darla said, sliding her dress up a little more. A non-descriptive gray called had pulled over across from us. It was dark within the vehicle and from where I stood, I could not see his face. For a second I gazed at one of the girls who was wearing fur as well. It was warm inside the vehicle, its leather seats felt incredibly soothing against my almost bare legs. He began driving away from the alley where the other women were. He appeared a large man even sitting down, not as in overweight but a body that carried muscle and strength. As a six grader I would dream that the then high school senior would be my prince charming. But I was no longer a child. He got out of the vehicle and headed towards motel. When he came back to the vehicle he held the keys to a room. The room was, as one would expect of a cheap motel. I heard the faucet running, serving as a soundtrack in the quiet room. When Adrian came out of the bathroom he removed his jacket, threw it on the chair and then came directly towards me. Adrian grabbed my thighs and parted them; he came to stand between them. As he thrust into me my body was pushed against the wall and I felt the cold glass of the mirror on my back. IT became a battle of wills. His thrusts became more urgent, angrier and his grip on my hips bruising. He carried me to the bed and threw me unceremoniously on it. He helped me undressed, caressing my body as he did so, his touch gradually gentling. Afterwards he collapsed on top of me, his head on my chest. I said and he made a soft male sound in his throat that sounded like a no. He said what seemed like much later. This story has been written by two people in a collaborative effort. You don't want me, he thought. The prince blinked, it being the only sign of recognizing the boy's movement since his face remained impassive. The voices from the back of the room began to rise again and only then did Scott realize what he had done. The peasant boy could do nothing as his chin was roughly grabbed and his face was turned aside, the surprise on his face unmistakable due to Scott's lingering attention on him; he could feel his stare burning into him just as the King's had. Summary: Nearly a century after an engineered virus wipes out most of Earth's population, Tesla is a drifter, moving from town to town, staying alive as best he knows how, and leaving when residents begin to suspect his secret. Warning: This is a homoerotic romance and features explicit sexual acts between men. He shut his eyes to the empty stare at his feet, stilling his gut, willing the image away—a gash of torn flesh, red and pulpy, where an ear had been. Idiot. The arroyo. Enthralled again, horrified, Tesla found himself staring again at the slack face. Dead. Crying, and God, but he couldn't afford this…this indulgence in self-pity. No. Moving fast, finding his focus again, that state of mind where his mind ticked slow and deliberate, where fear and despair got tucked away. Lifting Saul was a struggle. Earth from the arroyo sides collapsed as the body tumbled into the trench. That would have to be good enough. There was no home, anymore. Assuming no one…but no, they had to have given in by now. Tesla blinked, forcing his gaze back to the horizon. Once the sky was fully light, Tesla slipped a hand into a pocket, he had deep ones, good pants for a drifter, especially one stealing his supper. The sun was higher now, and Tesla unrolled the sleeves of his tunic to shield his skin. The village wasn't yet far enough away to give Tesla total peace of mind, but his legs ached and his eyes stung. Tesla uncapped Saul's water flask and took several deep swallows. The traveler—crooked teeth gone yellow, but dark eyes so serious and smart and tired—he'd told Tesla stories about that, before he'd been killed. The jerky. And Christ, as if Tesla had needed one, this had been a stark reminder of why Tesla didn't go anywhere—not even to take a shit—without the belt and a quart skin of water tied close around his waist. Before tying the belt back on, Tesla ran a thumb over a small lump in it, slow and thoughtful, seeing what he touched in his minds eye. The locket itself didn't mean so much to him. By late morning, when he was satisfied that there was no imminent danger; Tesla began to look around the area for food. Sucking at a pear, he considered the events of the past day. He'd been stupid, getting drawn in as though the past—what? But Saul's eyes had been gentle, a flickering intensity of gold green and brown that a word as short as 'hazel' only muddied. The village itself had started out as well as any of them did; they'd had a new field wanted plowing, had business on their minds and needed a strong back. He'd been only a little over two weeks arrived, in the fields, harvesting thumbs of gee-em supercorn, when Saul had kissed him. Hands. Tesla hadn't been completely stupid…he'd known he would have to leave eventually. 'Find a way, Tesla. Tesla spat to one side, picking at his tongue where he'd caught a stray spiny hair. Two nights ago, now. Summer heat, the smell of dust and sweat, the light fur from Saul's chest tickling Tesla's back. One more day. So in the aftermath, his pulse not yet fully recovered, Tesla had sealed the trap. Even then, it'd seemed okay, the next day calm and quiet, and if Tesla was nervous, he at least had the day to prepare—eating plenty, stealing from the fields and forcing water through his system. The men. They'd almost had him. Startled by a movement in front of him, Tesla jerked out of his trance. Saul had been part of the posse. Tesla had begun backing up then. 'No. Saul had wanted his trophy. Tesla stood and stretched his legs, easing the ache in his knees and calves. As the sky grew red, Tesla began to head downhill. Good. years. I held up my finger. this. Brett Nielson. it's good to see you again! satisfaction. between his teeth nervously. Wilde"? watch. just winding you up. even more asinine. they'd let the school know. ran a hand through his hair. by that"? lived happily ever after. a/n: ok. old readers: nothing major will be changed. Hands wrapped around her arms. Grips tightened. Someone shouted, shouted so loud. Rocking back and forth, her arms wrapped around her knees and pushing them into a rapidly beating heart, she flicked her eyes quickly about the room. Blood. They had just finished eating. Some had things on their backs. Others had tails. Destroyed. And then they saw her. Blood. Hands on her. White Coats closing in. They appraised the patient in the room. anything,We're on a break. when"? I gasp, seemingly indignant. hardcore"? . thinking face. Braelyn. pissed, Paris. all there is to it. It's a break, Seba. Seba snorts. you're a man-whore. I grin. quietly. call out to Seba. holding his head up with his hands. that. tell me something. change. at me. rejection. pants. makes perfect sense. my family's too-long lawn. The Grant picture-model was exactly six inches tall, which was almost proportional to his real height of six foot four inches. Deep in thought, Nicky studied her drawing. The kid sitting behind her kicked her desk. Flushing, she looked up and met the teacher's exasperated stare. The other kids laughed, and Nicky sank lower in her seat. Nicky's two sisters had grabbed all the brains in the family, leaving her in the middle as the Average Blake Girl. Adrian was the acknowledged beauty and Meg the force of nature no one wanted to mess around with. A new identity was needed, she mused. Nicola Irene Blake. She erased the black smear from the Grant-model's forehead. Or maybe he was French. She'd never been to Paris; actually she'd never left the United States, but she knew what the city would be like. Nicky's father had settled down happily with his new wife, but in his post-nuptial bliss, he'd left all his three daughters to fend for themselves in the desert. He was a senior at RVHS, but of all the girls he could have picked, he'd taken her to Homecoming. She swept all the junk off her desk into her backpack when the bell rang. Effie's eyes sparkled. This time Nicky had no hesitation. Chelsey came out of the classroom just in time to hear the end of their conversation. Chelsey broke into a long stride. For the entire Health class, Nicky fumed in silence. That theory made Nicky happier. They both broke down in giggles. She thought her heart just might burst with anticipation. Just seeing him made her happier, not to mention calmer. She surreptitiously tried to stand up on her toes. They locked eyes and exchanged mutual sneers. The fact that Bri's twin brother was an especially nice and likable guy had saved her. Now her fingers really were itching for a pencil. Fired up, Nicky hurried off to the school library without a further word. Smiling, he shook his head. He harbored no illusions. His eyes cooled. Bri smirked up at him. she said. His temper ignited. Her face like a thundercloud, Bri stormed into the classroom after him. Unopened condoms were piled high on Quentin's desk. It still amused him Nicky had told him what her friend said. His sense of self-preservation kicked in. They all cracked up. They were running in tandem. There was a bit of a kick to the wind. Grant sped a notch, and Alex picked up on it. He let it all go. Grant was breathing hard when he stepped off the track. Alex came over to stand at his side. Sometimes Grant thought it was why Alex had decided to befriend him. Alex's green eyes narrowed. Justin was near the front of the pack of athletes. It was probably his dearest wish, he reflected. Life was too hard as it was. Stranger Things Have Happened. Andrea ignored the query as she collected her articles of clothing that were scattered across the floor. Immediately, Andrea regretted storming out of Reed's bedroom so quickly. The man before her wasn't fully dressed, but he had bothered to throw on a pair of boxers. She slammed the door shut behind her and sank to the floor. That Reed Vance sure wasn't the incredibly chill rock star everyone made him out to be. Coca-Cola. Jade. she looked up. his arms. don't. couch. amused. and stood up. of those, too. her onto her feet. Daniel's or Coca-Cola. She was a freak. As if that weren't bad enough, she seemed to go out of her way to ensure that she was going against the trend grain. She wore jeans that might as well have gone through a paper shredder. The girl didn't just look the part, either. In short, she was the freak of the school. mmm. I pressed my fingers against the glass and gazed out once again. I leaned back and tugged at my seatbelt. Lauren's voice rang through the silence. Lauren pushed open her door and stepped out; a rush of cold, icy air swept in. I forced my legs to move and stepped out of the car, slamming the door shut behind me. I cocked my head to the side and stepped back, peering at one of the windows and trying to see through the heavy glass. We made our way to the front door and Lauren rang the bell. She smiled lightly, then cocked her head to the side. was all she said. I bit my lip and nodded, then followed the teacher, Mrs. Davies, into the building. Rows of paintings screamed out at me. The first thing I noticed was red ––a red carpet, a few red sofas in the corner and pale, crimson walls. I cast my gaze towards the end of the room where a table sat, neatly; a tall, thin, dark haired man was seated upon a chair behind it. He stood up and pushed his seat behind him. Without waiting for a reply, he immediately left. Deciding to distract myself, because that was the only way to get your mind off of something that directly bothered you; or, at least, that's what I thought; I surveyed the room more thoroughly. A woman was sat in a field, perched on an outcrop of rock. I tugged at my hair, tracing every pencil line with my eyes and ripping it apart beneath my gaze. I nodded, not wanting to stay in there any longer; the room just felt so awkward. We reached the classroom and she knocked on the door, then pushed it open warily. A few people broke out in whispers, then they died down. He shook his head. He pointed out the seat and I made my way towards it, my bag swinging in my hands. He left. He looked up and I had to remind myself to breathe. He nodded mildly. He followed my gaze, then grinned. Everyone began shuffling out of their seats and throwing their books into their bags. We made our way down the corridor and she led me through a number of places. It was a pretty room, not too big and not too small. She left and I closed the door, then unpacked my cases. Something grumbled and I sat up to check the clock. The picture would have to wait. It was the Maths teacher. They were turning the corner. She cut herself off, abruptly, upon spotting me. I didn't want to give Alice a reason not to like me. The blonde teacher looked put off. It was as if she mentally embedded the name in her mind. Deciding to take the initiative, I made down the corridor in the way that Alice and I had first arrived. I suddenly felt nervous. My voice was feeble but he caught it. I walked on and followed his directions, a warm fuzzy feeling residing in my chest. I entered and felt hundreds of eyes bore into my flesh, assess me, then resume with their eating. Alice indicated the blonde. Alice continued. She left. The conversation was still awkward, gritty, and half of what we said sounded like ill attempts at humour. Lani prodded her mashed potato. The rest of our time in the canteen was taken up with me eating and partly listening to their conversation. After eating we went to our rooms. I drew the curtains. nodding. to see him diverting the question at me. can you meet me at Sunset Park? rest of my life. - Has to be a One Shot. Thierry didn't answer, but reached into the backseat and pulled something out of a bag. I began choking and had to pinch my nose to prevent milk from shooting out. I grabbed my crutches, ignoring her question, and shot a pointed look towards the house. I shot a look over my shoulder at the guy sitting in the seat one over and behind mine. Once again, I didn't have to turn around. I reached into my bag and pulled out a bottle of white-out. I decided. I sighed and stood up. I guess this kiss thing was just a whole new level of branding. Oh, and I opened a LiveJournal account out of sheer procrastination, and I'm planning to update it with reviews of (published) books that I read. and. complexion for any blemishes. A/N: PLEASE READ: Okay so I recently scanned through this and. Beep! I smacked the snooze button on my alarm clock, annoyed at the evil and very noisy thing, only to have it go off about five minutes later. I quickly scrambled off of the floor and ran to the bathroom; stripping off my clothes in a hurry. Me and my brother Frankie had always been close when we were growing up; since basically all we had was each other and our grandmother. I just hope that the whole living arrangement works out. Anyway back to my reasons to be utterly happy and excited. Three: I get to see my best friend's Lily Parker and Erin Henderson. Four: I would love to see all the other people that I left behind when I moved to California. Ugh I am definitely working my ass off so I can save money up to get my own apartment soon! For example one year he went out with one of my good friends Anna Chase. The ironic thing is that we actually used to be friends at one time. I turned around in the direction I heard my name being called and my face lit up when my eyes landed on my brother. He said and threw his arms around me in a brotherly hug; swaying me from side to side. He laughed. He said I turned my head and stuck my tongue out at him, he laughed. He opened the door revealing a nice sized living room; with a big couch, a loveseat, and a coffee table set in front of the big couch. I turned when I heard a door open and saw the bathroom door open with a guy standing in front of it, in just a pair of sweats. He answered with a yawn, glaring at the number display on the clock as it mocked him with those horrible numbers. He threw the phone at the bed when she hung up and rubbed the bridge of his nose. Instead, he brushed his teeth, idly watching Martin towel dry himself off. Felix waited until Martin was gone before gathering up his folder, laptop and phone. The summer house. It was some sort of omen. It was the first time Felix had ever met Jennifer's fiancé and he found himself gawping. He hung up with a sigh, crossing off the last venue on the list he and Olive had made. He really liked Jennifer. Felix left, relief flooding him and quickly sent a text message to Martin, asking if he was still welcome to go around for dinner. No explanation. Felix slumped in his chair in disappointment and began the long drive home. Four folders. The third folder went to Kara. He sat down at his own desk with a yawn and opened the last folder. He really didn't want to have to do that. He was in a really good mood. Felix scrambled after him, wishing that the other three weren't craning to get a good look. Felix was frozen. First, nature ruins his first solo planned event. or . flight. I could convince my therapist mother this. Planet. hippos. I'm feeling a little sick to my stomach now. away with running towards the bathrooms. waiting outside the door for me. brother), and a best friend that thinks that. (sorta. He probably has horns that he removes in the morning. because. he apparently has listening skills. what I want"? way. good at when your entire life is about getting laid. confusion. And. bit. she did later on. her voice the same. story. The surprising thing about animals is that they were a lot smarter than they let on. And then there was my pet goldfish Gloria. He winked at me, and I flicked the bowl in retaliation. I turned my head towards the sudden voice, and there was Polly, perched on the window ledge, her multicolored feathers bristling angrily. Gloria scoffed. The two continued to glare, but neither made a move for the other. I gasped, waving madly in her direction. Ella demanded, and I came perilously close to running into the nice Ikea floor lamp that was inconveniently placed in the middle of the floor. Almost abruptly, I cut myself off when I realized that Ella wasn't alone. the boy asked, ignoring my question. The boy was openly staring now, and I wanted to throw myself into a deep ravine. I stopped when I realized what I was doing and looked up to find the boy smiling at me with furrowed eyebrows. And with that said, I watched as he swam over to where Plastic Princess was half-buried beside the treasure chest and kissed her before heading into the blue underwater castle. he answered smugly, and I huffed in annoyance. Meet the SheldricksDisclaimer: I do not own anything you recognise. Or at least, that was what I heard. It wasn't like I was hideous or anything. Ralph, the biggest, nicest sweetheart on the face of the planet, had married a gold-digging whore of a woman that could only be called 'bitchy' on her nicest day. Uncle Simon was a bit of a fool, who'd married a loud-mouthed– albeit nice– woman named Janice. The lucky thing was that the older kids learnt to look after themselves fairly quickly, and then devoted their time to caring for the younger, impressionable kids. Drake was the eldest at twenty-two. I did love my family. I said. I said. Staring at me was the most gorgeous guy I'd had the pleasure of seeing in my life. I got to my feet, feeling a blush hot on my face as I knocked over the stool. His eyes snapped up and he looked a little sheepish. I wanted to melt into the ground, or curl up in a corner and die. The blush was rising again, mostly because of the way he kept repeating my name in his deep, beautiful voice. I shook my head, feeling like a fool. He easily said. Brandon jumped forward and pulled it open. I smiled and stepped out before him. I could only gape. Brandon winked at me and strode off, whistling slightly. Brandon's voice caused my eyes to snap open as I gaped at him. He grinned. That was when I came crashing down to Earth. To my surprise, Brandon leaned over the counter and pecked my cheek. Ian preferred the 'bulky' look, if his body was any testament. Ron was the exact opposite. They exchanged looks and moved towards me. Our parents had taken a break and had gone out of town. She easily said. The only way to describe Cassie and do justice to her was to speechlessly gape. I pulled out a pair of old jeans and held it up to my body as I looked in the mirror. Addy and Mercy were as alike as Ian and Ron had been when they were kids. Drake's looks were as deceiving as his name when it came to his personality. In my eighteen years, I'd been on few dates– most of which didn't progress past the 'first date' stage– and all with guys who were bums or good guys who my family had eventually scared away. Lex wanted to know. I sighed and relented, figuring that they'd eventually find out. Like his brother, Cory had hazel eyes, but the green in his was more pronounced than in Lex's. I weighed my options. All of them rolled their eyes. I was ready to leave when I heard the sound of a bike shattering the silence of the street. Brandon was standing on the front step, a bouquet of lilies in his hands. I nodded. Brandon was looking quizzical. We made it to the theatre in record time. He snapped out of his awe and shot me that charming grin I loved. In the way of a perfect gentleman, Brandon bought me popcorn and a Coke, choosing two of the same for himself. Luckily, the theatre was filling up, mostly with couples, I noted. The credits of the move we were watching started rolling. Brandon grinned at me nicely, almost fondly. Luckily, I wasn't the only one. I lied through my clenched teeth. He let out a small chuckle before dropping his arm onto my shoulders. I melted and turned my head to look at the screen. Brandon calmly reminded me. I said, distracted, but still not opening my eyes. Every time there was a sudden movement or a killing, I gripped the t-shirt at Brandon's side tightly and clenched my teeth to get me through the scene. I could still hear the sounds though and they made me jump. My skin tingled at the cockiness, the authority in his voice. A smirk tilted the corner of his lips upward and I found myself reciprocating. Of course, I never got a chance to find out. Both Brandon and I whipped around so fast that I almost heard our necks crick. Brandon's face looked furious. Brandon shrugged off the anger and tightly nodded. Brandon laughed and held my hand tighter, leading me out of the movie theatre. Tony's was a pizzeria that served one-hundred percent Italian, awesome pizzas all through the year. Brandon pushed the door open and held it for me. His eyes narrowed. He laughed. He said. Brandon laughed. He proudly said. I clenched my teeth together and refused to answer. The thing was that I knew Lex and Cory didn't really mean any of the stuff they were saying. Brandon's face became cold. Both Cory and Lex were gaping. Brandon stopped a moment and turned around to look at them. I asked, sure that I looked like a slave looking up at her master. We were silent for a few moments. Brandon stopped us. Brandon slowly turned his head and I followed suit. Drake asked in his Transylvanian accent, ever the drama queen. I shook my head, warily. They came. I replied. I wiped the tears away. There was dead silence after they left. Brandon suddenly snapped. I did the only thing I could in the face of such hotness. When we broke apart several moments later, both of us were panting. And then, I attacked him again with my lips. This was why I'd snuck out tonight, to collect what I'd wanted for so long from him. It was a game and I was used to winning. And, although I believed down to my very core that what Salida had said was true, I decided then to start trying to change anyway. could with his small hands. forty minutes. Text copyright © 2009 by S.C. StephensAll Rights Reserved. I never thought I'd be dating a vampire. I worried about his phone call when I got back to work. My heart started beating faster as I pictured the surely irate man on the other end. He laughed, which took me by surprise. I blinked and stared blankly at the prosaic wall of my cubicle. When I met him after work, and he greeted me at the door (in a non-coffee stained light green shirt) with my perfectly recreated drink, he seemed as normal as they come…not vampiric at all. As it was, I'd only been expecting to meet a possibly irate man, so the attractive gentleman before me was a very pleasant surprise. He laughed a little as he handed me my coffee. He grabbed his coffee from a nearby table and led me to a couple of comfortable chairs in the back. There was nothing at all that made me think he was anything other than an interesting human guy, that I'd literally run into. He also had disturbingly good hearing. And at times, he was faster than someone ought to be. We were on his couch. Still hoping for that home run, I shook my head. Now I got up and walked over to where he was standing in the middle of his spacious living room. He rubbed his lip and I could see the gears turning in his head. His mouth had been open from speaking, and his fangs were perfectly visible, and to me – perfectly new. He indicated the sofa. I couldn't help it. He shook his head at my contained amusement. Now he smirked and looked about to laugh. He raised an eyebrow and I startled as I considered the literal way my words could be taken to a vampire. He smiled at my interest and splayed his fingers out to me as he explained his heritage. He blinked at me and then started laughing. Afterwards, we laid close together in his cream-colored, silk sheets, our legs entwined and my arm over his muscled chest. I bit my lip, wondering if I really wanted the answer to that, and thinking maybe I should have asked these questions before sleeping with him. I propped myself up on my elbows and stroked his chest. He sighed and his hand stopped its circular motion and dropped to my hip. I cocked my head at that. He visibly relaxed, since I hadn't bolted from the room. I brought a finger to his cheek and stroked it, the light hair on his face grazing my skin. He looked at me with a blank expression. The last rays of the sun sank all the way down as we talked and the heavily curtained room darkened to blackness. I asked, as I looked back up to his eyes. It was also a little hypnotic. He laughed. I was abruptly flipped over onto my back. I couldn't even answer him. He laughed and retracted his teeth. I laughed and did shut the light off. The next day, I watched him carefully over breakfast. He walked around his spacious kitchen with stainless steel appliances at normal, boring human speed. We sat at his metal kitchen table, sipping our espressos after breakfast. He shook his head and went back to his coffee. He exhaled loudly and looked at the ceiling for a moment. I laughed again and kissed him softly. We decided to spend our Sunday afternoon doing the most vampire-like thing we could – we took his collie, Spike (as in stake - har har), to Golden Gate Park. When Spike got too far in front of us, Teren put a couple fingers in his mouth and whistled loudly. He looked up at me and grimaced. I smacked his shoulder while he laughed and Spike ran around our feet. He laughed and squeezed my hand. I smiled as he bent down and clipped Spike's leash back on his collar. In the safety and solitude of my cute, Victorian townhouse, I analyzed how much things had changed in my life in the past twenty four hours. Okay you guys! Holly winced at the word 'promise'. Tanya said, crossing her arms over her chest and narrowing her warm brown eyes at her friend, who was currently sprawled out on the living room floor with three open textbooks and multiple sheets of paper lying about. Holly gave Tanya a long, level look at her friend. But oddly enough, Tanya didn't immediately reply. Oh yes. Tanya was a philosophy major and wanted to become a professor at Berkley. Holly opened her mouth, but Tanya quickly cut her off. Tanya exclaimed, and glanced at her watch again. Holly whispered to herself, before shaking her head. Holly could not do this. Tanya looked absolutely ecstatic. Holly, on the other hand, merely brushed her hair and threw it up into a loose bun. Tanya had nodded. Tanya told Holly knowingly. sirens approaching in the background. None escaped the fire. motorcycle. die. why you are still alive. your Alpha knew this. nowhere to go, no place to run or hide. me. parents had promised her to this man? wanted to save their precious baby girl. the flesh beneath her fingers. will let you go soon enough. "Your parents promised you to me. Werewolf law cannot be broken in these things. murmured. now, she wanted to die. enough. it. when I was little . excuse. look slimmer. I just wish I were as slender and normal. life is so miserable. I hate that word! today. over and his eyes were almost . Stoic, it's me again. Hey everyone! Just a note - every quote italicized underneath the chapter does not belong to me. Sadie Brown's head rested on the cool window glass of her mother's black Pathfinder, her bright forest green eyes glancing out the window and a slight frown on her full lips. Though her mother knew the reason for Sadie's detention, she wasn't happy that her daughter was still required to be here. Sadie glanced at her mother as she slipped the long strap of her bag over her shoulder. Ellen turned to look at her daughter, her lips pressed into a thin line. Sadie opened her mouth to defend herself, but closed it, knowing that no matter what she said wouldn't deter her mother from Ellen's current point of view. University High School was located in a suburb of Southern California. University High School's library was probably one of the best high school libraries ever. Taking another deep breath, Sadie reached for the door and opened it. Sadie set her bag down by her feet and placed her hands on the desk, interlocking her fingers together. At that moment, a short, scrawny boy with short, strawberry blonde hair and pale skin walked through. Another student walked in now. Sadie watched with mild interest as Roxy took a seat in the second row on the opposite side of the room, claiming the last seat in the row. Another kid followed the junior in, and this time, Sadie blatantly let out a sigh before shifting her head into her other hand. Paulina forced a smile at Roxy, who returned the favor, and she took the seat one chair over from Roxy so she was in the center on the room. Just as soon as Paulina sat down, a face Sadie actually socialized with somewhat walked in. she replied in a voice just above a whisper. At that moment, another guy Sadie didn't recognize walked in. a firm, low voice said from behind the boy, and actually pushed him forward. Oh, hey you guys! And without further ado. Running was my aphrodisiac. When I was scared, angry, confused, worried or stressed, I ran. It was about nine-thirty now, and the golden sun blazed prominently against a fluorescently blue sky, the kind of color that hurt your eyes when you looked at it. I debated on whether I wanted to take a shower or just jump into the pool, and the latter won out. My face was redder than a tomato, and the smattering of freckles across my nose seemed darker. Hydration of a different sort came first. At first I thought it was an earthquake and shot up like a rocket in my bed. I threw back my light blue sheets, alertness accompanying my hunger pains. I walked over to the Kitchen Aid refrigerator and swung the door open. After putting everything away, I flicked on the light above the stove and took a seat at the low kitchen table, contemplating life. He was handsome enough to be one, too, with looks that I had never seen before on a boy. His lips were perfect, not too thin and not too plump, curved just right. It was pretty impossible not to, though. I reached down for another bite of my sandwich, but to my surprise, the plate was empty. Darren came in behind him, and my heart lurched. Darren was staying in the guest bedroom across from him. He sat down in the chair that I had just vacated, and rubbed a hand over his bloodshot eyes. Darren raised his eyebrows. For a second, I panicked. My heart thundered. Suddenly, Darren's hand reached out and covered mine, and I stilled. A tiny, barely audible moan slipped out, and my breath caught in my throat. His eyes closed briefly, and he let go of my hand. Instead of kissing me on the mouth, where I thought he was going, Darren's lips, soft, warm, and slightly wet, landed on the side of my neck. I let out a breathy sigh and tentatively tilted my neck to the side, offering him an easy access. He worked his teeth over his bottom lip. Darren swallowed hard, and cupped my face in his hands. One of his hands left my jaw and trailed down to my shoulder, tugging at my robe. He looked up at me through hooded eyes and grinned lazily. Darren pressed his mouth to mine and his tongue traced the seam of my lips again. I wanted more of him. I ran my hands over his skin when he stepped back into the space between my legs. It must have amused him, because he chuckled, the sound seductively low next to my ear. he replied, and pulled the rest of my tank top down so that it bunched, tube-top like, around my midsection. His mouth moved over my nipple, alternating between suckling and touching the sensitive point with the tip of his tongue. His cock twitched against my palm and I flinched at the unfamiliar sensation, but I was not deterred. I'd read romance novels before, and also from common sense, I had the slightest idea what to do. he ground out, and buried his head in the crook of my neck, kissing it. The whole thing struck me as so intimate, and my heart opened up to him even more. And he exploded with a barely-contained cry, hot, sticky fluid coating my palm. For several minutes nothing was said. He turned to face me then, and all I wanted to do was fall into his arms and have him hold me. I flinched and my skin heated, and I was sure I was red. I flopped onto my bed, in the middle, and curled up into a ball. One thing was for sure. A/N: Phew. Vivaldi blared out of the car speakers as I aimlessly drove around the city in my electric blue Volkswagen Beetle. Me, I had no where to go and energy to burn, energy that was fueled by anger and frustration. You see, they had magnanimously decided to have my marriage arranged. I am just Sonya Kaur. It never entered my thoughts during high school while I was fixated with Jacob Underwood from Otown. Arranged marriage just never came into play during my delusions of grandeur. However, I didn't sleep with anyone. No, I simply looked at them dumbfounded, a teacup frozen halfway to my lips and asked them if it was a joke. So my parents gave me pitying looks. Their words were overly bright and happy as they rushed to inform me how handsome he was and how smart. Oh and his second degree was in business, he had an MBA. Their faces fell and the happy chatter died an instant, painful death. I had been in Europe with a bunch of my girl friends for the past few months. Stay a part of the family. Quite obviously he was not the loving father I had assumed him to be for he would not capitulate. I was all set to explode when my cousin, Simirin, who had been sitting so quietly in the corner of the room that I had forgotten she was there, intervened. I snapped out of my stupor and stared at the girl. But back to the point, my best friend, cousin, alleged sister had just betrayed me. I glowered at everyone, shouted out the depths of my pain as everyone I knew had turned their back to me and, well, railed at fate some more. Abruptly, I stopped shouting and picked up my keys. I didn't reply and when I cranked up the speakers to play Vivaldi instead of Linkin Park or Puddle of Mudd, her eyes widened. And that brings us back to where I am. Okay, even I will admit the previous comment is probably a gross exaggeration… or at least, I hope it is. His eyes remained focused on the target as he fired the shot. He gave one final kick to the punching bag causing it to break from the wall and fall to the ground but he took no notice as he crossed the room to the door and grabbed the package from the hands of the messenger. It was a cold night and that was the only reason he was out. He walked out the drive way and saw her walking on in her high heels and well tailored suit. Everything else in the file was information on her whereabouts and her activities. To all my lovely readers this is my new story. GPS satellites, weather satellites, broadcasting satellites. The town's population stands at a whopping 1,583 residents. You can't even buy a dildo in Bethlehem (…Not that I've ever been interested in owning one, mind you—it's just the principle of the matter). Frankie yells at me. I watch Frankie on the ridge as he picks up a few more cans and throws them. I call back. Satellites really only look like stars, but they move if you watch them for long enough. Jesse Jones just moved here from Los Angeles. Jesse Jones is a small kid, real skinny like a chick and wears a pair of glasses that in all honesty are way too big for him and make his hair stick out in funny places. Little Jess is odd too, as he never really talks or smiles, just sits in class quietly and gets straight A's. Jesse says again, and I look up. I call out. Little Jess just goes back to his can as Frankie cusses at him and looks around on the ground for something else to throw at him. Wait, I don't think I've mentioned exactly why we have a 9 foot hand-carved statue of Jesus with us. Frankie was the fat bully type in second grade and I was the skinny easy-target type. Now, I don't know, but all common sense tells me that most second graders have never seen a can of mace before, but somehow Frankie knew what it was and managed a small,  before I pressed down the button and sprayed a tasty little jet of chemical aerosol straight into his face. Frankie and I didn't talk through third grade and half of fourth but somehow we started eating together at lunch with a newfound respect for each other. There it is, as bright and beautiful in the sky as a supernova. If I died now my body would be nothing but carbon and bits of me will be blown into the ocean, to France and China just like the dinosaurs. But sadly, when the light finally subsides, I'm still here and everyone else is alive. It bounces once, twice, and then it is in too many pieces to follow. All at once, without a word, we pile into the front cab; I crank the ignition, pop the clutch, and press the pedal to the floor while Frankie stumbles to grab onto the side and pull himself in. and he's out. I say. I remove myself from Jesse's grip and jump out of the side. Frankie shouts and starts touching it in different places to see how hot it is. I ask, reaching out to touch it myself. Frankie says, still mumbling. He has a good point. Jesse looks absolutely appalled that I said it. I correct as I climb into the truck. I say and cut off the engine and climb out of the truck. Though, I bet this kid is secretly laughing it up behind that pouty face of his. I say. Frankie gasps, talking in instead of talking out. I growl and shift gears as I pull onto the highway. He signs in at the counter, and then we have to stand in the waiting room because all the seats are full. And I'm left to stew in misery and defeat as I stare at Jesse Jones's back for another good half hour, while Frankie blabbers on endlessly about…baseball I think it is. I wear these old boots I got from the Russian Svyatoslav who owns the grocery store—I think they belonged to his father who was in the Soviet military. But, anyway, Frankie's love of baseball isn't an odd thing for a kid in Bethlehem. I was the one who came up with tackle baseball. Jesse Jones doesn't play baseball. But, see, Jesse and I are kindred spirits. A nurse comes out, calls Frankie, and he gets up and follows her back, hollering and whining like he's about to die. It'll be dawn soon. He looks away and so I do too. I repeat disbelievingly. I take the initiative and dive forward onto a nurse, knocking her away and partly freeing Frankie. We manage to force the nurses into a retreat, and so we take our chance and jet. I say brilliantly. Most of the people, other than the guy in the costume, look fairly normal. The door to the E.R. whizzes open and the army of nurses is on the move again. Jesse announces sometime along our drive. I insist. The rest of the ride is spent in a sort of awkward silence. She doesn't ask me where I was all night. The fact that she's cooking it at six in the morning isn't surprising. I say, even though I've never met the guy. That's how I first met Jesse Jones. I ask out of vague curiosity. my mom corrects. Moved in to investigate the miracle, eh? He's somewhere between twenty and forty years old. TBC. Um, let's see. Thus said, this story isn't finished yet. the? you scratch that I swear. forgetful aren't we? here. come. have a lot to think about. Senior Prom. A special night that has a definite spot in the yearbook. I examined my friend's face. I couldn't help but smile and listen intently, glad that she wasn't so affected by Josh. For a second, Cam's expression was frozen. I narrowed my eyes. Cam smirked. Well, what the heck. I reached for it, but dammit, it was futile – he was holding it above his head, reading against the light. I rolled my eyes, crossing my arms. Rolling my eyes, I crossed my arms once more. I glowered at him. As much as I loved English, this particular lecture was boring me. After minutes of constant shifting, I glanced around the classroom, desperate for some sort of inspiration to come over me. Turning back to face the front, I rested my bored gaze on my balding teacher. A few moments later, I found myself twirling my pen between my fingers. Twenty-eight minutes to go. She nodded as we lined up for our food. Cam nudged me, and my eyes landed on the checklist. She shot me a pointed look and quickly changed the subject. Cam flushed furiously and tried to snatch it back, exclaiming how guys would never understand such a thing. Kent snorted. Mark said, smirking. I blinked. Two left. I slowly went through a mental to-do list and double checked the books in my bag. He was so deep in thought that he didn't even notice the way his hair was falling over his eyes. I mean, it's Kent we're talking about here – the puny, insignificant little thing that I had to constantly defend in kindergarten; the overly active child who wouldn't rest until I agreed to be his playmate; the awkward, scrawny adolescent I grew up with who constantly teased me about needing braces when he didn't; the now all-grown up high school male who wouldn't let me have peace but made me feel happy that way. Oh gosh. That's not what I meant – whatever happened to parallelism? I said, intending for it to be a sharp jibe, but it came out as a whisper. I flinched at the sound of the bell. I replied, feeling a bit more open to this adventure of self-discovery. The second. He has got to stop doing that! I smacked him. Whatever he was going to say, I didn't hear because our teacher had to choose that time to appear. Then again. A second's silence before they all laughed. I turned to my head huffily, reaching in the small pocket of my bag to bring out the checklist. You see, movie night is this once-a-month tradition – for a lack of a better word – that Kent and I have. came a familiar voice that just recently triggered my heart into overdrive. All the same, I found myself beaming. This is a story with homosexual themes. Cautiously but quickly, I stopped my car behind one of the vans and jumped out, not bothering to kill the engine and close the door. There were voices coming from inside. I hissed in pain, and taking advantage of the distraction, the man grabbed my arm and dragged me into the living room, before pushing me down on the sofa, hard. I flinched in shock at the voice booming loudly beside me, and turned to see my old man glowering, his entire face beet red. I nodded slowly, keeping my eyes fixed on him. My old man obligingly kept quiet under my stare, appearing embarrassed. The air whooshed out of my body like I was being kicked in the guts. my old man yelled, his body slightly coming off the couch. My old man snorted at him, mumbling curses under his breath. I didn't like the sound of that. Wedge bowed slightly, and indicated toward the front door with a hand, his palm up. Gloria Donovan, his mother, chided him. His wife gasped, but said nothing, with her hand remained tightly clasped in her lap. Ray retorted. Ray believed his father. For an insane moment, he considered outing himself to his parents right there and then. He pulled out another photo from the file, this time a family shoot. Ray didn't register a word. Before he could get an answer, the telephone on the stand beside his father rang sharply. his father said, the single word sounded rather ominous coming from him, and then he hung up. Any reviews are deeply appreciated! okies? about) and SWEARING. on: crumbs. bastard! care what you say! way! SO? Thanks for all the support. Couldn't Stand the Weatherby: andee lee Chapter OneLook at Little SisterA/N (April 27, 2011): At the encouragement of a few readers, I'm going through and deleting all of the annoying Debbie Downer author's notes at the end of each chapter. They sat in comfortable silence for a few minutes as Corinne took a break from unloading her things from the back of the U-Haul that was parked in the driveway. After graduating high school, Corinne surprised everyone – her family, friends, and boyfriend – and packed everything to move out to California, searching for some kind of fame or fortune. Luckily, her older brother had been nice enough to let her come stay. She nodded, but didn't respond. The last of the boxes were lined up outside of her old bedroom door, but Corinne wasn't in the mood to unpack them. She watched, curious, as a blue car started making its way down Mulberry Street, coming fast and loud. The Mustang was more than she remembered it to be. She watched with interest as the car slowed in front of her house and whipped into the driveway across the street. The driver climbed out of the car and although Corinne could only catch a glimpse of the back of his head, she just knew it. She'd broken his heart, made him cry, and told him she didn't want him anymore. Liam was two years older than Corinne, the same age as Avery, and after years and years of pining away for him from afar, he'd finally asked her out on her sixteenth birthday. Avery stuffed another ravioli into his mouth and shook his head violently, as if he couldn't believe it. Corinne sighed. She nodded and gave a little half-smile at the thought of winning Liam over with her new cooking skills. She frowned. Corinne sat up straight, suddenly losing her appetite. Rhett had landed himself on Corinne's shit list early in life when, at the age of seven, he shot her from across the street with his brother's BB gun. Corinne raised her eyebrows and Avery nodded again at the television. Corinne ignored her brother's comment as she watched Liam on the screen, still as perfect as he'd always been. Here she was, back in Portland, back in her childhood home, expecting things to pick up from where she'd left them. Things had changed, all right. Nothing exciting ever happens here. I guess I've just never been lucky when it comes to love. Recently, it's reached the point where I actually avoid hanging out with my friends, my best friends, and even my family. Work and college are great excuses that usually do the job. I just recently avoided a grand get-together with my friends. When I get to work the next morning, my boss hands me my week's schedule. About fifteen minutes later, Eli shows up. Mr. Randall says pointing toward my table. Eli peaks around the corner. Eli tucks his head back. Mr. Randall walks back to the entrance, leaving me to my thoughts. The tutor? Silence. I stepped away from my desk and started making my way toward the hallway when I heard the door chime ring. and once again I was struggling to come up with an accurate description. I lied,  I look over his shoulder, at the glass door, and notice a shadow pass across the sidewalk outside. I clutched my fists and pressed my lips together. After clocking out, I headed out the door. I'm a sucker for biscuits. I suddenly felt alone again. 4/7/09: After reading a few chapters and cringing, I have decided that this story needs some serious editing! Watching as a relatively large group of males swarm into class, Essa had to refrain from groaning aloud. Creston Spencer was a charmer, not to mention an absolute heartbreaker with the girls and the number one hero for the boys. The guy preyed on women, revelled in female attention and was renowned for going through them like no tomorrow. Able to see that Chris was still grinning, her bi-coloured orbs glared up at him in warning before she made her way down the corridor dismissively. Tynan Welling was a good looking creature – the ladies loved him and it was evident he loved the ladies too. he began. Only able to observe, Essa was well aware of the fact that Chris was in deep conversation with his group of friends. Biting her inner cheeks out of frustration, Essa didn't want to speak anymore. Throughout the lesson Creston had gotten her into trouble numerous times. However every time Essa told him to silence, the teacher always seemed to hear her and think it was directed to them. Hesitant at first, Essa commenced retelling her mates the events of the morning and how Chris had been an ass to her. Essa, Trisha and Sophia had been friends since the start of high school. The school's annual art gallery had brought them together a few years ago. There was silence for a while before Trisha's head popped up in thought. It was then and there that Trish's gaze narrowed on Essa and Sophia nodded her head in agreement – a joyful expression on her face. Tynan Welling entered the cafeteria scanning the room for a brief moment. It was obvious she was drawing in that sketch pad of hers. To his satisfaction an irritated look crossed Essa's features before her attention fell back to the finishing touches for her sketch. Chris threw her a dazzling smile, one that was sure to have made many girls blush. Wanting to stand and walk away from the pathetic scene before her, Essa snapped closed her pad. Jensen seemed to be taken aback by her, it was evident he remembered who she was from this morning. Imitating the giggles she had heard earlier, Essa flicked her dark glossy hair back. she breathed, giving him a smirk before walking away. Essa was sure that Jensen and the other girls had been frightened to have witnessed her attempt to flirt. A/N—Yeah, I don't really have anything to say. Let me begin by telling you all that I am a complete mess. And if it were just the job thing then I suppose that life would not be so bad. Oh, so that brings me to the third reason why my life is a mess. And as if all this wasn't enough, there is yet another reason why my life is a mess. Moreover, my entire family thinks I am some sort of freak. Speaking of which, though, I voted for Lucy in the last election, a fact which gives me no shortage of pleasure because it means two things. Alright, so I live in the really shitty part of New York in a one-room apartment filled with roaches (c'mon have you seen the price of real estate in NYC? At the moment, however, as I sit at my desk on this lovely (note the sarcasm) Monday morning, the feeling of being a New Yorker is significantly non-existent. My boss—and if I were speaking aloud at the moment, I would have grumbled those words with as much hatred as my bitter little New Yorker heart could muster—simply told me on Friday that I was expected to be here at six on Monday. Nevertheless, I am here at this ungodly hour because I am a dedicated employee. So, I down the rest of my coffee and lean back in my chair. I say with a fake smile. Oh, ick…that means that Roberta has sex. Wait…what did she just say? Well, now, this changes everything. I shrug. Oh, God. As Roberta leads me into the elevator I can't help but feel as if I am being led to my death. Great, that is just the icing on the top of the cake. Oh, shit. Right, so now that I've mortified myself before my new boss before even learning his name, I have one more thing to add to my  list. Hi everyone! Here is the blurb:Go to bed with vampire royalty, Nikolai DraguliaHe wants nothing more than to sink his teeth into her flesh and turn her into what he was - a vampire. Elizabeth Grant is a top-rated assassin at the Nocturnal Defense Society. Elizabeth Grant had never been and never would ever be a smoker, but there were times when she wished she was because her job was extremely stressful. Elizabeth – Lizzie, she preferred - worked for the Nocturnal Defense Society, which was a government agency that specialized in maintaining and enforcing equality between humans, vampires, and werewolves. In her occupation, she only had a couple of ground rules that were important when handling any particular case: First and foremost, those she did take out had to be guilty. Her thoughts drifted once again, as her ears continued to meet the hollow sound of silence. When Lizzie was fourteen, her mother died on the field, a bullet straight between the eyes. Two years later, she was taking classes with eighteen year olds, training with the best people in her desired department, and studying her ass off. At twenty-one, Lizzie became the youngest assassin on a team of four. Though Lizzie was now twenty-three and living on her own, she was still incredibly close to Kathleen Simmons, the woman who had taken her in years ago. A chirp caused her thoughts to suddenly disappear, and she glanced down at her phone resting on the surface of the table. Lizzie said with a mischievous glint in her eyes. A heavy sigh filled the phone, and it was moment before Jackson said anything. Another sigh escaped, Lizzie could imagine him reaching up to pinch the bridge of his nose. . smiled at her. The music blared in her ears and her stomach churned violently as she swayed her way across the dance floor looking desperately for the blinking red exit sign. She needed air. I'll do this now so I don't have to keep doing it throughout the story. I shrieked, but it was only a shriek of unconstrained laughter. he asked in his taunting, superior tone. I warned him, but I wasn't very threatening. He shrugged. he murmured to me. He nodded, then motioned for me to go back inside. He closed the balcony door behind him and dived for his bed, ramming the railing into the already-chipped wall. I smiled to myself and walked over to his dresser. he whirred out, causing me to glance at him. The sun was extremely bright. I brushed it over my shoulder, but it came back at my face due to the wind. I smiled a little as I scrunched sand between my toes. I blinked, confused. The boy laughed. I turned and walked away, trying my best to ignore their snickers as I did so. he said. I pointed out, but I knew which of the older boys was his brother. I shrugged and looked over my shoulder. Let me kiss you one last time. paranoid about something. kaleidoscope. was expelled from his mouth. maybe it was spearmint. ". Emily? staggered. didn't even know I could lose control this much, this good. and I were just. girl he didn't even know until he pinned her against the wall and. so. that was so sweet! myself an invisibility cloak. taking a sip. normal James Whitaker behavior. did James mean that the. Wooooow. And why are you so good at kissing? yesterday. And now, a word from the author:Yes, my precious dollies, you heard correctly. I woke as I might on any other morning; my alarm clock was blaring like a siren, stopping only as my hand shot out and smacked it silly. I burned my toast, and there was no butter left in our near-empty refrigerator, and the milk was three days expired, so I had my charred bread with a glass of lukewarm tap water. I rolled my eyes, asking God for the umpteenth time why he (she? Sara was Alex's twin and, concurrently, my best friend in the entire universe. My house was probably a good half hour walking distance from Alex and Sara's, and the thought made me very nervous. The night was cold and I found myself shivering beneath my thin hoodie, and I started wishing that Alex was there, his arms around me to make me warmer. I noticed suddenly that the temperature was rising steadily, as if to accommodate me--or maybe just that I began to heat up a bit. I was passing a dim, dreary street, wherein the streetlights were all dead and the darkness seemed to permeate from the ground. I heard several conspicuous noises from various cars, and I kept my bi-colored eyes ahead of me. I whipped around, seeing nothing but the shaking cars. Don't be stupid, I told myself. My head shot up, and I looked around. I started to run, my instincts screaming 'danger' in my mind. The footsteps were catching up, and I ran so fast I couldn't feel my feet nor the ground. He quickly held both hands above my head with one of his hands, and then used his free hand to cover my mouth. He was too handsome, I was ashamed to admit mentally. I dumbly nodded, my mind blurry. I gulped, fighting the urge to pass out again. No, it didn't, but I certainly also didn't have the guts to protest. His smile was demonic at best, and his teeth grazed over my ear. He chuckled, and lifted my head a little before putting the chain on my neck. For a long, long time, I couldn't move. I can't remember running home. No. Summary: Emma Connelly is a best-selling romance author, currently working on her second novel. Disclaimer: Brands that are recognizable do not belong to me. A walk would do her good, she decided, keeping a wary eye out for Jackie as she ambled at a casual pace. It was stupid. Bestselling author! She felt her face turning red in embarrassment. Yeah, sex life, you mean, she always wanted to retort. She never had the time. A little romance, the tiny voice in her head said petulantly. Her second book had been completely mapped out. she chided herself severely. New readers and old ones: Please review and tell me if I should continue. At two I professed my love to my dear old teddy bear, String. At four I fell in deep love with my naptime partner in preschool, Jimmy. At six I said those three heavy words to my camp counselor when he was walking me to my cabin. At eight I said I love you to my mom's boyfriend, I was ready for him to be my new dad. At eight and a half I watched my 'new dad' pack his bags and leave the condo where I lived with my mother. Our promise was made. Our boss told us. The house we are currently working on was abandoned and is in pretty bad shape. She rolled her artificial purple eyes. The wood beneath me creaked ominously. And then I fell. All too soon I felt myself collide with something hard. I stopped my movement and looked down. A/N: I am trying an experiment with this story. I look up from drying one of the café's large front windows to see a tall, dark haired man looking at the window in genuine interest. This guy is too young for Hector, who likes his with gray hair. I dip the wet cloth in the bucket and wring it out. This guy is built like a diver: wide shoulders, thin hips, strong arms. I freeze on my way down the ladder. If all he wants to do is complain to a captive audience, I can deal. I move the ladder and get to work on the lower part of the window. When I turn, he is looking down and scuffing his shoes on the sidewalk. Most customers shake their heads. His hand is warm and strong in mine. but I'm spared actually coming up with anything to say by customers walking out the door. I take one slow, deliberate step onto the ladder and in the café two women get to their feet. I smile at Rick. I hurry inside. I get lots of offers, but I'm not a one-nighter or sex friend kind of guy. I take several deep breaths, unable to keep the silly grin off my face. Reena shrugged and continued watching Ted, trying to see any resemblance between him and her best friend. Grinning at her friend's theatrics, Reena's eyes shifted back to Ted. And wasn't that just a kick in the ass? Grinding her teeth together, she shoved the package into her sidebag and plopped back down beside Elisa. Reena could see the hurt expression on Wren's face as he cut her off from the conversation. Vincent finished his conversation with the girls and turned back to them. In response, she picked it up and threw it at his face again. Reena corrected, shoving her friend out of the bus as the doors swung open. Sure enough, Reena boarded at the next stop. He wasn't on the bus the next day, or the day after that. Reena shrugged. Chances are, you'll throw this at my head without even reading it. On Friday, I pushed you against the bus and held you to me. You know, you're the first girl in a LONG time to reject me on sight. I honestly don't know why I'm bothering with this. Once the bus began moving, they tentatively lifted their heads to see where Vincent and Ted were sitting. His heart picked up speed, and he quickly picked up another one. He felt like a stupid teenager talking to his crush. Reena froze for a second and then her hands moved to wrap themselves around his neck. she said with a grin, A/N: Installation three of the 'Bus' series! I muttered as I hurried across the parking lot. I looked up at him. I left the office and checked the chart. I was such a klutz! On my FictionPress homepage, there's a link to the playlists I made on IMEEM when I first wrote MISU. For example, when I was in Kindergarten, we had a field trip to the zoo. Another example? Oh, but this example takes the cake. That's what they had told me, during a rather dramatic confrontation during lunch at school. Though that beautiful country Canada offered an insane variety of multicultural experiences (Kensington Market, for the win! However, I was halfway through the trip, in Portugal, and left behind for the billionth time in my life. But really, it's what left me behind. Uh oh, you're thinking. I cursed, swore, ran around in a rampage and freaked out everyone from the big families going to Disneyland to the security guards, who attempted feebly to calm me down. After three hours, it was midnight, and I was pretty high on frustration, anger and exhaustion already. Adding on to my continuously building frustration, I had begun singing and humming like a crazy woman. At exactly three o'clock in the morning, or three hours later, most of those bustling people who annoyed me to no end had died down. Buddha, I was hungry. What? I came across an array of stores, most of which were closed, but a few were open. As I wandered, I wondered how those people ended up with jobs like that. Ariella, young lady, you'd better slow down and act more diplomatic! And finally, to my utter surprise (but probably not to yours), I raced headfirst into some guy. I then realized that whoever I had run into was quite… still. My eyes swept over this person, trying to find out if he had any other possible injuries, but it didn't really seem like it. Okay, lady. Also, his voice, even while he swore, sounded slightly familiar. Wait, Eric Williams? He took off his glasses to prove his point, and that familiar face I had Google-imaged so many times was right before my eyes, closer than it had ever been before. I blacked out, okay? When I woke up, I could've sworn I was kidnapped. I tried to figure out where I was. Eric Williams (who was standing, still in black apparel, near the washroom door) gestured to a cart full of food. But as I continued wolfing down the cart (I probably wouldn't have eaten the cart itself too, if I'd had a gigantic saw), it seemed real. he sneered. (How's THAT? Hi everyone! This book is published as Awaken, Book 1 of The Dark Paradise Trilogy. There's something wicked happening in Onyx City. He knew the moment she arrived in Onyx. In fact, she didn't know anything. Strolling over to her, his eyes took in her sleeping form. Her lips were full. Though he knew it was dangerous if she caught him standing there, he stayed until her eyes snapped open so he could see the color, a stormy grey. Before she could make him out, decipher the reality of his presence, he was gone. It was as if I'd been shrunken to the size of some near microscopic proportion and jammed in the back of someone's freezer. I questioned, the word slipping out from my lips in a soft whisper. I was tempted to tell her that if she was going to lie, she should at least do it well, but I knew the comment would only make her angry. I sighed, thoroughly disheartened. I didn't mean it of course. While pondering this and wondering if there was some anti-thinking disease that had been secretly spreading for centuries, my foot struck on something that was decidedly neither snow nor dog droppings. A jumped back with incredible agility, thanks to my past experience as a battle-weary samurai, and let loose a screech that a chimpanzee would envy. Calming myself just as quickly as I had been startled, I knelt down to see that body attached to the hand was not buried at all. Okay, okay, now isn't the time to be joking around. Well, I couldn't just leave him out there. So I dumped him in a heap in the middle of the living room floor. With a fair amount of heat flooding my cheeks, I inspected (for the sheer sake of medically assessing his health, you pervs) the male specimen sprawled out on my mom's beloved burgundy carpeting. So there I was, kneeling in the living room floor with a defenseless, handsome stranger laid out before me. And so returned the cannibal eyes. I yawned again and flopped back on the couch. my mother stuttered in embarrassment of her mistake. Mom scoffed. He only blinked up at me with awe-inspiring silver eyes, a look of confusion pulling his lips into a frown. Leave it to my mom to ruin the moment. My mom bent down with her hands resting on her knees so she could look at him better, but his eyes were still locked on mine. I reasoned. The entire time we were discussing this, he merely sat there, as if he either didn't know or didn't care that we were deciding for him. His eyebrows furrowed in an adorably perturbed expression as he considered his options. He said this all in a quiet, monotone voice, stating everything so matter-of-factly it was startling. I pointed out, then mentally stomped on my own mental foot. I could immediately see the change in her eyes at the mention of him, and wished I hadn't said a word. he accepted, and the corners of his lips tugged just slightly upward in a ghost of a smile that melted those moshing butterflies into warm, fuzzy jelly. I shrugged. I assured her, glancing into the living room where Mr. Nameless was now tugging the old gray shirt down to full length. I sighed at the lack of trust between us and felt sympathetic for Mr. Nameless. Lila Mae Barnes smiled as she watched the circle of girls across the field twirl a jump rope around and around to the rhythm of the playful chant, shaking her head with a small sigh at its innocence but couldn't help but sigh at the actual question of the game. For as long as Lila Mae could remember, she'd wanted to fall in love. She murmured to herself with a small smile in response to the game continuing several feet away. Spring. Laughing, Liza Ann replied as Lila Mae stood up and began walking alongside her on the path to home,  Liza Ann (who Lila Mae just called Liza) may have only been fourteen, but it didn't make her any less in love with love than her sister was. As a result Liza could almost be called a clone of Lila Mae, not just in looks (which were close enough), but in everything else as well. Pelahatchie was a small town, so small in fact that the actual 'town' aspect of it was made up of only several blocks of pavement, streetlights and large stores. At long last they reached the edge of the town and approached the road going back into the woods towards home. Becky (Rebecca) Barnes was a good woman. Both of them replied in unison. Lila Mae laughed and shook her head, still somehow finding a way to be amazed by just how different her two eldest brothers were from one another. Tucker, on the other hand,was another story. The sound of Tucker's voice made all of them turn in the direction of the dining room entrance with wry, knowing smiles. Nobody's Fault but Mine. She was the typical Lucky Mart customer. I mean, how these people manage to keep a legit smile plastered to their face while they're working in my own personal hell is completely beyond me. Like I needed another reason to hate my job. so forgiving high-school a. persuasion that happen to come my way. similar, headlines. state of distress, so lights. This story was started in 2007 and I have changed dramatically in my writing. Did I have a reason to be a little pissed? I flipped off a stranger – a man – as I walked down the busy sidewalk of New York, just out of spite. Ah, that sweet, velvety voice that I had fallen in love with had just spoken words of death to me. I asked. I scooted out of the restaurant booth, booking it out of there as fast as my short legs could carry me (not fast, by the way). I managed to keep my temper under control for the rest of the walk back to my small, one bedroom apartment. I cringed out of instinct. She made some strange high pitched squeal, and I swear on my death, that I heard something in my dish cupboard crack. I (this will probably shock you) screamed in ecstatic joy. I scowled at her. I frowned. I spoke in a scholarly tone, like one a professor would use on a fifth grader. She rolled her eyes at my pathetic display. Natalie yawned as if she needed to put more emphasis on her point. She blushed, her smile growing a little until her dimples showed. Yawning, I turned around and closed the door. Unfortunately enough for me, my pleasant slumber lasted only a few measly hours. I whispered aloud. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING:  WARNING: This story contains rape. Jarek moved till he was standing right behind her. Despite Jarek having her for a year now and the fact that he shared with her his bed dozens of times, he did not know her name and honestly he didn't bother himself to try to learn. Jarek's hands slid from her shoulders to rest on her breasts, fondling them and pinching her already hard nipples. Jarek pointed to her. He drove into her slowly, giving her all that she could withstand and then began thrusting. Hate it? \\A BIG HEARTFELT THANK YOU\\ However. Most of my works on this site were written a long time ago. notes: This is a work of fantasy, not a history lesson, so expect a few anachronisms or mistakes. would be closing in fifteen minutes, in ten minutes. jerk. She waved at him impatiently. alter. was angered again. warm, and humid. the right height, much too high. streets. slave. like. - Has to be a one shot above 2500 words, and below 10,000 words- Be realistic- Het pairing, with both girl and boy more than 22 years old. he muttered. Herbert Leslie chortled. A grumpy looking man approached them with the ding of a elevator. Taylor tapped away on his own Blackberry. Herbert mused distractedly. Taylor and Herbert's gaze landed on him and he rubbed the back of his neck. They took a seat around the long table and Leo tried to get himself comfortable. Vanessa and Frank shared a satisfied look. Leo nodded, his face neutral. Leo updated as he glanced through his list. He looked up, just as an arm stretched from his left and placed fresh coffee from Starbucks, still steaming. Haley huffed on the other line. She struggled to get into the cab she hailed. Looking out her window, she noted traffic and she felt like really crying. Arianna walked briskly towards her desk, and hands sporadically appeared from the side and skillfully pulled out their particular morning caffeine. With a sense of foreboding, she slowly lifted her wrist to glance at her watch. Scrambling to get herself organized, she turned her pager and shoved her cell phone into her pocket from her purse. Arianna grabbed the coffee and stormed one level up. Deftly, she placed the beverages Vanessa instructed her to retrieve thirty minutes ago in front of those seated. Done. Oh, my God. Arianna's smile froze on her face. Her back tensed at his cool tone. She tried not to wince at his firm grip. she assured herself as she walked briskly to her desk. Opening his eyes, he attempted to shake the tight feeling in his chest away. Leo stood up and headed to the small refreshment room on the level. He smirked to himself, reaching for the orange juice. He dropped his expression, and stony faced, he handed her the cold bottle. She gave him a dismissive look. He felt his neck tense in annoyance and animosity. She pasted a I'm-ready-for-your-orders! . Vanessa snorted. Taking a deep breath, she mentally prepared herself. Leo barely glanced up from the papers on the table. Her face instantly flared at his words; she didn't know the predominant emotion causing this reaction. Quelling her initial reaction, she forced a smile. The other man in the room chuckled. Arianna glanced at him, instantly recognizing the tone. Leo pulled away and smirking at each other, shook hands. His best friend scoffed. Yeah. Leo cut him off wryly,  He couldn't help but snicker at the brief automatic expression of agony that crossed his face at the mention of marriage. Zach crossed his arms over his chest. Leo's lips curled. Zach chuckled, and slapping his back he said,  Leo nodded in agreement. Zach suddenly started coughing really loudly. Leo's fist accidentally met the back of Zach's head. A grin stretched her lips when she saw familiar faces. Reality slapped Arianna's face and her chest felt tight. Dominant emotion? Leo addressed him begrudgingly. Zach rolled his eyes at his dramatics. There was silence and Zach's eyebrows were practically touching his hair line. They stared at each other for a good few moments. Arianna took a swig of the orange juice. Haley grinned guiltily and took a seat next to Arianna. Her lips thinned. The dance instructor walked around, critically inspecting every couple on the dance floor. Through half lidded eyes, Leo allowed himself to look at her. Her eyes tightened. They proceeded with the lesson in silence, their bodies no longer stiff, but almost automatic. Leo Rodriguez immediately dropped his arms and walked away with a backward glance. Arianna padded to the kitchen, trying to make herself believe that she wasn't sick. She woke up to the sound of rustling and quiet mutters. Arianna felt the bed shift and her eyes immediately shot open. Leo roughly took her hand and dropped two tablets. It felt surreal when he didn't leave right away, and instead, sat next to her. She hated herself for caring that he didn't care. Yeah. She took another sip. His fingers tapped against the steering wheel. her voice was almost reluctant. He stared at the road. Arianna exhaled shakily. she blurted and he closed his eyes briefly. She laughed humourlessly. Leo stared at the road blankly. He pretended not to hear anything. Arianna wrinkled her nose. Vanessa hissed. Arianna closed her mouth, and simultaneously with Vanessa, turned to see Leo standing with his hands in his pockets. Arianna bit back a smile, shaking her head. Her back stiffened and the rate of her heartbeat increased. She didn't know what changed—just that something did—she didn't know when, but it happened. she said warily. Arianna demanded. Arianna's jaw clicked open at the venom in his tone. she said tightly,  The last word was choked, and Arianna took a deep breath to uphold her strong demeanor. Paralyzed, her eyes were wide as she returned his intense gaze. His voice was empty, opposed to the exclamation she was half expecting. Bemused, Leo looked at the empty glasses next to him. Herbert smiled at them pleasantly. Laughing, Joseph slung an arm over Leo's shoulders. Straightening, Leo rolled his eyes and tightened the grip on the glass of orange juice. Leo easily found her in the crowd; he's been keeping an eye for her ever since she stepped into the banquet room. He held out the glass in his hand. She observed him for a moment before grinning a reluctant smile. He sobered, and his eyes traced every curve, juncture and line on her face. Leo Rodriguez felt lightheaded. Suddenly, Arianna frowned quizzically, tilting her head. Leo looked down at her looking at him musingly. Author's note: Oh, my gosh. I've come to notice that there are also three kinds of bitches. I've never met this bitch. Two-Faced Whore is just as her names implies her to be, except, okay, she's not necessarily a slut. Despite what you may think, my observations of the bitch species is not due to an unfortunate bias against women. A guy sits next to you on the bus to school and starts to small chat. Third example. The list of behaviors goes on and on but it generally revolves around this: Bitch Number Three doesn't pretend to be someone she's not. Bitch Number Three can go by many names. It was always so fascinating to observe the creativity of the teenage mind. Oh the life of summer vacation. Lisa was wearing the school uniform, but Amelia had to say it looked particularly fetching on her without being indecent. Lisa listened to Amelia for once. Amelia glanced between Lisa's suddenly frosty stare and a boy who looked like his ego deflated slightly at the less-than-welcoming reception. The fact that she was twenty-going-on-twenty-one probably had something to do with it. The voice startled her, and as she whipped around, her eyes caught brilliant gleaming hazel eyes that reminded her of burning wood. She studied him more closely, but she couldn't place him anywhere in her memories. She reached forward to shake his hand. Strange guy, she thought, watching him look at the name printed across her chest. Against her will, she smiled and shook her head amusedly. As he told her, she began to remember until the whole scene flashed through her head. He laughed, but made no move to caress the abused area. Her name was called out along with his and she quickly snatched her cold, sweet beverage. a deep voice said behind her, and Amelia felt her heart jump to her throat as she turned her head slowly. Amelia forced herself to act normal. he said easily, taking lead even when he had no idea where she lived. Instead of answering he steered her to the entrance, and she let it go. she said a little too hastily, and her eyes narrowed when a knowing look began to creep into his face. And there she went, shoving him into the friend zone. Sadly, Amelia was pretty much doomed from the moment he said hello. But it didn't matter because she doted on him like every other guy in her life, and like every other guy, he's accepted it. A masculine hand with a cup of coffee appeared before her eyes. she joked, and took a sip to gather her thoughts. Amelia belated realized he was peering over her head, and it felt like lead was in her stomach. she said, hating the way her voice caught in her throat. It was beyond ridiculous, playing hide-and-seek with Harvey, but she couldn't stomach the thought that she was actually in love with him. She stepped aside to let him in. She had a pretty good radar for distress, and with the way he was running his hand through his hair, she'd have to say there was something on his mind. His face smoothed over. Her heart warmed. The smile was clear in his voice. Obviously she was dreaming. Okay, obviously not guys, unless they liked each other, but this wasn't like that. Why was he doing this to her? This wasn't right. It didn't matter though. She crowed loudly, thankfully drowned by the music and chatter by the bar. Amelia pointed out mildly, probably not at the best time before he'd just leaned over the table to listen to whatever his date was saying, and her body language couldn't have been more clear. Amelia shouted, and tried to cover up. Her humour disappeared and Amelia immediately reached for her friend, but Dennis swept her into his arms. Amelia could barely keep herself from swooning at the situation. Oh well. She tried to pretend she was alone at a bar, sulking over a dramatic life event. Her eyes swept her vicinity, and noticed all the couples around her. She looked up and saw Harvey. he shrugged. Absentmindedly she glanced at him, and nearly choked on her drink when his eyes met hers. she said as casually as she could, but ended up choking. She didn't know what to say to that, or to that inviting look on his face, or to the way he was just casually leaning against the counter, almost daring her. she let him know. Harvey ordered through a fake smile as the photographer bossed them around for the final picture. Harvey's arm curled around her waist, and she let him because she agreed to be his date for the night. she said, glancing at the pretty girls who smiled enthusiastically at Harvey from across the room. He opened his mouth to say more, but a group of his friends approached. His arm tightened around her waist, and automatically she looked up quizzically, only to see him smiling at someone she missed. She was in love with Harvey Warren. Amelia forced a smile. She cleared her throat. a brunette chirped. Harvey then gestured to her and made an introduction, to which Amelia smiled warmly at the friendly grin on Pia's face. Amelia relaxed. She would've dropped it if she didn't notice his deliberate gestures that screamed he was brushing her off. Amelia could not believe what she heard. For the first time, she felt furious at Harvey. But then she stopped, and the fury was slowly replaced with something more icy and heavier that made its way from her stomach and up her chest. At that revealing thought, everything came crashing down. she managed to fake-grumble. she cut him off, smiled at him without looking into his eyes, and shoved food into her mouth. Amelia forced a chuckle. The wounds smarted in her chest. He walked her to her door even when he didn't need to, and stood silently at her side as she rooted for her keys. Dear God, she was almost as bad as her mom. She felt like a giant creeper. That, and they haven't exactly spoken in a few weeks. But that was easier said than done, especially when he hasn't replied to the last of her six text messages. She fought the urge for about a minute before she found herself putting her things away and standing. …Probably zero. she muttered, shifting uncomfortably on spot, before sighing heavily and just knocked on the damn door. Her heart was racing in her chest, and she could almost feel the relief of the release of this heavy feeling. Well, what should it matter? Then again, she mused, trying to catch her breath, sad songs were written about unrequited love. Her eyes flew open, and she jolted in her seat. To which she blinked, and wondered exactly which part of her apology went wrong. Amelia rubbed her temples. Crap. He crossed his arms over his chest, and Amelia sighed. she grumbled. He took another step to her, and successfully invaded her personal space. Wasn't he the one that practically called her oblivious? Fuming, Amelia stalked away, belatedly realizing the crowd they attracted in front of the residence. Suddenly, the ground disappeared beneath her, and a scream slipped past her lips. She could've ran, but he would've caught her. Christopher squeezed the trigger and delivered the final blow of death. The giant grunted as the bullet hit its mark and life went out of his eyes. He flung open a door, only to find an empty room. Gripping his gun at his side, he slowly stepped one foot into the room and looked around. She pushed back from Christopher enough to see him as her lips tugged into a smile. The sun had almost set behind the surrounding abandoned warehouses and condemned houses; kissing the sky and making it blush, just as she had moments before. He walked his motorcycle out of the bushes outside the strange house. I finally eased to a stand from the couch, my muscles aching in protest with every move. As I shuffled past the kitchen, I caught a glimpse of the clock and cursed. The woman with red curls bouncing to her shoulders, Maggie, turned and sighed. Maggie rolled her green eyes knowingly. Maggie stood and wrapped her scarf closer to her neck. I noticed that even though she had a warm drink she was hugging her arms to her body to keep herself warm. Despite the cold Maggie, started what was only to be expected of her, a long stream of the gossip she'd recently heard at the office. We talked about the newest addition to the office; a European man named John. I frowned deeply at the thought. We exited the park and walked through the streets. Maggie thankfully changed the subject from my lack of love life to her latest find, a man named Noah. She lifted her eyebrows suggestively. Suddenly Maggie gasped. I asked. I shook my head in disbelief and eyed the romance section wearily. I let us in. I spoke the truth. she urged, looking at me with her special pout that always made me do whatever she wanted. We descended the stairs and Maggie bounced. We joined the pace of the hundreds of people on the streets. She shrugged and smiled at me as we hurriedly crossed the street to get out of traffics way. he teased in a thick city accent. We grabbed the necessities: milk, bread, cheese, frozen pizza, and chocolate, but I couldn't help but wonder if Maggie was adding things that she wanted to the cart. As we continued scanning different aisles, I began sneaking her items out of the cart. My week was packed with work, leaving me little time to realize how lonely life truly was. My mom was the one to check her in, I would have taken care of her myself if I wasn't so busy. The thought made me sad. It wasn't always this way. My life had taken a turn for…the boring. I sighed heavily as the copy machine jammed, again. I finally managed to squeeze through the doorway. If guys like Charley were the only men I could attract, I was in for a lonely existence. I finally punched out, my mind already far from work, and locked up behind me. I hurried down the stairs of the subway and slid my card at the gate. The train started forward with a lurch. I stood and brushed my knees off as I studied the black object. I grabbed my purse, shoved the book inside, and hustled for the door before I missed my stop. I ran the two blocks to my apartment. The key slid home as I let myself in and dumped my things on the couch. My teeth began to chatter. I stepped back from the mirror and looked at all of me. The microwave blared the same time as the kettle whistled. After my belly was full, I settled myself on the couch with another cup of soothing tea and watched the storm out my window. Setting my tea down, I scooped it up and flipped it around in my hands. Another strike of lightning. The rain pelted the ground and the buildings harder. I flipped the first few pages. I shuffled into the living room and to my lamp. What were the chances that I'd be electrocuted? Only pathetic losers stand around in a women's lingerie store waiting to be thrown out by the feisty cashier. And if I happen to be thrown out in the process, it will most certainly not be executed by some little girl with long, wavy, brown hair, big, soft, brown eyes, and rather nice lips. Just for the record, I did not pull it. She's leaning against the display of thongs and I step up and lean my hands against the display, caging her in. Not that I'm afraid of Danny Mullins. But if it comes down to a fight, I'll win. See that comment right there is exactly why she's Cat Lady. All right, so I already did assume that. Okay, so I can't murder with my toes. She said that. I protest, slightly horrified. I don't ask that because I care about her feelings or something mushy like that. And what about that stuff on her head that she refers to as hair? The only thing I remotely like about Kari is her lips. she protests as we stand in front of a toy store. We're walking next to each other again in silence. I ask when she stops walking. Not that I care about her, really. I argue, but I'm already reaching for my wallet. A few minutes later, we're silently eating our yogurts. Plus, I didn't want to gross Kari out. Only it is a big deal. Then I scowl at her. Kari's going to be my downfall. I don't even know why I'm sitting here with her. And I especially don't care about her dumb lips that she keeps licking the frozen yogurt off of. Oh my God, what the hell am I thinking? I hear her ask offhandedly. That's just wonderful. Obviously, that was my conscience's voice. Because I can't feel anything but hate for her. I don't love her. she says wearily, referring to the school dance our high school holds at the beginning of every year. I say heatedly. It's obviously because I'm so very angry. Okay, I stopped. but Kari never finishes. But just because we kissed doesn't mean that we're going to confess our  for each other. I smile a little. Oh, God, I love myself. This was actually ready yesterday, but FP was being a humongo jerk, and wouldn't let me upload it, so I started another oneshot, hehe. Yeah, I'm in a rather giddy mood, because I usually don't use words like humongo. And if Luke seems a little inconsistent, he's supposed to be that way. Still, it was hot – a garden wedding, during summer! In Iris's experience, the children of Easton Falls always acted like they owned the world and the sad part was that they probably did. She said, and shook the small hand. The cake was massive, all fondant, marzipan, sugar work and all type of fillings. Iris said though she knew the odds weren't on the little girl's favor. Iris said with a wink. With rich people, everything always tended to be a circus, but a very repetitive circus at that. Carter liked to pretend to be everything a cartoonish gay man was supposed to be whenever he was among the highest society of Easton Falls. Sarah said and they both turned to where the waitress was standing a few seconds before. It was hard to top Rick Garrett in pompous-ass-ery, but somehow his son Rivers always managed to do so. Sebastian allowed himself a small laugh of self-satisfaction, and then went to collect his daughter, his best friend and head home. Carter said in vague disgust. It was rare that they got a whole afternoon all alone, and Sebastian really wanted to enjoy it. Sebastian said, remembering the waitress that had so annoyed Rivers. Warning: This story is a rough, and I mean ROUGH, draft written a long long time ago. However, if you're simply looking for a rather sweet if naive love story then keep reading. I have inherited my mother's curly red hair, so I'm a red head, which is completely different from my foster family's blondes. I am rather petite, but I do have perfect curves. The day was like any other. I said and jumped up, kicking him out of my room. The drive to the school was pleasant at the beginning. My homeroom was on the first floor. However, the girls were a totally different matter. Things only got worse in my 3rd period class, which was band. When my best friend Shelly and I got to the 3rd floor, we were kind of shocked. Shelly and I didn't move and just stood there like two lost puppies until Jed came over to us. When we entered into the class, almost everyone stopped talking and looked. I shouted back. The guy stopped what he was doing and I knew I was in deep trouble, but I kept my cool and took another good look at him as he walked forward. He was a blonde like many others. I picked out my words carefully, desperately hoping that the bell would ring and the teacher would show up quickly. The guy looked up and his voice became deadly. After about two minutes, Harrison High surprised me again. OK, that wouldn't be hard. I started playing after seeing everyone's eyes on me. When I stopped playing, the room was quiet. The  took about 30 minutes of the class. Unbelievable! A/N: Hi everyone! I flew towards him, and before I knew it, my swinging arm hooked itself around his neck and my face crashed into his. I leaned in closer to him and when my lips were just a breath away from his, I muttered a barely audible  just barely touching his as they moved. Right, buddy threatening a girl is the best way to make her kiss you. Whispers broke out as everyone continued staring at the two of us – him advancing and me backing as fast as my short legs would allow me to. He rolled his eyes and completely ignored my refusal, leaning down to capture my lips once again. I nodded awkwardly, and he turned around, leaving me free. My chocolate donut hovered midway in my mouth and I slowly turned my head round to glance sneakily at the sauntering Ethan Blake who had just entered the cafeteria and whose eyes were currently steadily searching. He looked pointedly at Beth, who took his hint and scooted away even as I called after her. I lasted for a grand total of twenty-six seconds. If I sounded like this was a matter of life and death, it is because it is. The five footballers each held a ball and advanced menacingly towards the line separating the two teams. There was only a muffled grunt. He had taken the shot for that guy. And that was how Ethan Blake went from bad-boy extraordinaire to voted school sweetheart. Disclaimer: I do not own Facebook or Blackberry. A strangled noise, sounding much like something a chicken about to be slaughtered would make, ripped its way out of my throat. I said to the room at large. I clutched at my wounded ear, turning to glare the culprit in the face. she shouted again. What had I just been thinking about this year? I shouted, feeling my throat almost rip from the impact. I'd almost made it out unscathed when the worst thing that could've happened at that moment, happened. His eyes landed on me for the barest second before moving to settle at a spot slightly to my left. Seeing him would usually be the highlight of my day, except this time something had changed. Even so, I could feel my heart bleeding as I looked at the picture they made. I snapped, swiping at my face with the sleeve of my jacket. Freya said gently. I shrugged. I threw up my hands in a gesture of exasperation. After I'd settled down and closed the door, I noticed Freya was on the phone. Freya hung up and we sat resolutely not looking at each other. I grimaced. I asked, but half-heartedly. I said. I offered. I looked out of the window and rolled my eyes. Eric was being uncommonly quiet in the backseat. My eyes caught the bright numbers of the time. I turned back to the window. And as Freya drove on, I could almost reconcile myself to the thought of 2011 being… better. As I made my way up the aisle, I promised myself that if Siegfried showed up at any point, I would definitely be dropping this class. It wasn't like I was trying to be rude. I had to cough a bit to clear the air from my lungs. Her smile turned a little steadier. she asked. Against my will, I was starting to fall in love with the way she talked. I was intrigued despite myself. I resisted the urge to point out the fact that we were the ones who were freakishly early. I parroted. I said. Maja didn't even need to wave to get his attention. I nodded, but I didn't understand what she was trying to say. He was a blond, too, except that his hair was a little darker than his sister's. Anton definitely had his sister's genes, even though I did think Maja had gotten the best of it. When he finally reached the row we were sitting at, Anton Karlsson hesitated a little. This was it, I determined. I'd won that little staring competition, but victory felt hollow. I turned back to Maja, who was staring at me questioningly. A silence had settled around the three of us. he said, sounding incredibly European. I said, lamely. I wondered what I was supposed to do now. I froze. It was an evasion, and he knew it. If it was, I could play his game. Anton's smile faltered, and that was when it hit me that he'd been nervous. I heard Maja murmur beside me, but I couldn't take my eyes off Anton. Anton said quietly, shifting backwards in his seat. Did she really have to talk about this now? Maja was like a dog with a bone, however. I rolled my eyes. I peeked again at Anton. I could still feel Anton's unflinching gaze on me. I grinned a little at that. When class ended, I prepared to make for a hasty escape. I hoped I hadn't been too obvious. I groaned to myself. After I'd burst through the doors and turned the corner, I realized I'd been wrong. He was looking at me, but he had to be looking at a spot slightly above my eyes, because tried as I might, I couldn't quite pin down his gaze. There was a pause, before his eyes moved to clash with mine. I looked away. He blinked. He studied me with a blank expression. I stiffened. He smiled his trademark tiny smile. I countered. Plus, we'd been standing outside of the lecture theatre for altogether too long a time. The small smile that had adorned his lips dropped off quite suddenly. I could've left right then, but I hesitated. He was just standing there, staring at the ground, waiting for me to leave. He – finally – smiled that tiny small of his. When I'd first added him on Facebook, I hadn't expected much. But I'd forgotten that with Anton came his twin sister Maja. Of course, I'd had to accept her request. As it was, I was still a little reluctant to get too close to her. I had thought my main problem would be fending off Maja Karlsson's well-meaning friendliness. I'd heard that people were usually more outgoing versions of themselves behind the screen of the computer. Eventually we had decided to take the conversation to a more private sphere by moving onto instant messaging… and then texting. It had come as a great shock to me, discovering how much I had in common with Anton. This was a snide remark by Freya, who was lounging on her couch and shooting me dirty looks. I shook my head. Not that Anton and I were anywhere near acting like a couple. My Blackberry beeped, signaling a reply from Anton. I rolled my eyes at him. Or maybe he was getting sick of this texting thing we had going on. Anton didn't reply after that, but I didn't think much of it. I grabbed a cushion, vaulted onto the couch Freya was on, and started hitting her with it. I hit her again, but Freya caught hold of my weapon and tried to wrestle it from me. Both of us sat up and glared at him. said Eric, stretching. Freya said primly. Freya shook her head, as if snapping out of a daze. I did just that, grumbling softly to myself all the while. To my relief, things in the car were PG-rated by the time I slid into the backseat. Finally, the argumentative spark in Eric's eyes fizzled out. Eric rejoined. Any response I might have had died on my tongue when I looked up to see a familiar flash of blond hair in the queue for tickets. For once, I felt Siegfried's gaze on me even though I was resolutely not looking at him. Anton shuffled his feet and cleared his throat uncomfortably. He was looking at me the way he had back when he'd asked me out when we'd first met – with an indecipherable little smile. Siegfried spoke up suddenly, the first words I'd heard out of him since we'd all run into each other in the movie theater. When my eyes turned back on Anton, I knew that he'd noticed how my gaze had flown to Siegfried the moment he'd spoken. Puzzled, I turned back to take another look at Anton, whom I assumed Freya was talking about. I coughed into my hand. Our seats were all together in the second row from the back, so I let Eric and Freya sit beside each other before heading down the row for my own seat. I had a feeling Freya had manipulated the seating arrangement this time on purpose. I felt something nudge at my left elbow, and turned to see that Anton that placed the large box of popcorn on the armrest in between our seats. He smiled at me, and I smiled back. I mentally rolled my eyes at my own jumpiness. The movie was horrendous. Which happened to be Anton's hand, seeing as I had been reaching for more popcorn at that time. Anton had stilled the moment I grabbed him, but after a moment he squeezed my hand. I stuttered, belatedly realizing what I'd done. The lights brightened and I turned to see Anton smiling to himself on my left. I looked into the box and saw a measly handful of kernels lying at the bottom. He looked like he could barely understand what I was saying. he said with a hint of laughter in his voice. The smile had fallen off Eric's face and he was suspiciously silent. I spluttered. The worst thing, though, was Anton's reaction. A tinkling voice rang across the room. She looked so happy that I was loathe to spoil her mood. I breathed a sigh of relief that he wasn't going to hold my last statement against me. Anton suddenly laughed. And with a whoosh, the wind drowned out her voice as I stepped out of the building. I looked, too, just to see what he was looking at. he said, without any hint of embarrassment. I didn't want to hurt his feelings again, but things weren't that simple. I said uncomfortably. Anton suddenly took a step closer towards me. I stared at him like he was crazy. I said quietly. he said, just as quietly. What he said – it was, beyond the shadow of a doubt, the truth. The questioning look in his eyes was heartbreaking. On impulse, I grabbed his hand. His eyes had lightened considerably. I took a deep breath and smiled at him. This was coming from Freya, who was swiveling around in the computer chair. Freya sat up straight in what I liked to call her 'explaining pose'. Eric interrupted,  He shot me an apologetic look for that last statement, but I only shrugged. I said. Eric coughed. Eric asked, disapprovingly. I sniped back. But of course, I probably would've never gotten to know about Freya and Eric becoming exclusive. I pointed out. That annoyance that I thought had faded away sparked back to life. she croaked, but couldn't seem to manage to get anything else out. Eric said quietly. He was smiling back at me. I recalled the past times when I had inadvertently hurt Anton's feelings, and felt a pang. Anton's smile dimmed. I started to say that I would prefer to be alone at the moment, then saw the expectant look on his face and sighed. I shook my head. I whispered. Hesitantly, I reached up and placed my hand on his chest. I felt a smile grace my lips, even though I didn't particularly feel like laughing at that moment. Slowly, I pulled my body into full contact with his. We held eye contact for a long moment. he whispered as he laid me gently on the bed. he whispered against my mouth. Anton must have read something in my eyes, because he rolled away and fumbled for something at the head of the pillow. It was hypocritical of me, but his quick agreement lodged a lump within my throat. Anton whirled around so quickly that I quite thought he would get whiplash. he said in a bland tone, as if he didn't care whether I wanted him to leave or stay. Who was I kidding? he sighed, then finally – finally – closed the gap between us and wrapped his arms around me. I hiccupped, pulling back to look at him before I remembered I probably looked like a mess right then, and buried my face back into the crook of his neck. I admitted. There was a part of me that was slightly disappointed at the thought of not being able to sew for him. Then I mentally rolled my eyes at the sappy sop I had become. I scrambled to sit a little further from him, feeling awkward with the proximity now that the conversation had turning such a turn. His lack of speech was even worse than if he had pounced on me and started demanding answers. Footsteps sounded and I knew he was going to leave. I supposed that she had already heard of what I'd done to her brother. I had been dreading this Marketing class for the past five days, knowing it would make for major awkwardness since this was the one class that I shared with both Karlssons. I hadn't heard from him, or caught a glimpse of him around campus, at all for the past five days, and I was beginning to realize that maybe he had been right when he had said he could be Siegfried's substitute. Maja's hand fluttered to cover my mouth. And cue the moment of dawning realization. I said, for lack of a better thing to say. I shifted uncomfortably in my seat. I swallowed. That last statement of hers sent an unpleasant jolt through me. Maja's head snapped up. I looked over to Anton, who still seemed to be deeply engrossed in conversation with his new friend. But there was a part of me that was certain that I had had my chance with Anton, and blown it. The one good thing that had happened was that Maja's confrontation – actually, it had been more like a miserable inquiry on her part – had forced me to face up to the discovery that I had well and truly gotten over Siegfried. Alright, I exaggerated. he said, thus alerting Freya of my presence. The three of us stood there, staring at each other like strangers. Freya quipped, but without any malevolence. The first guy ever had been Karl, whom I'd dated for close to two years in high school. I knew that if I let him leave now, I probably wouldn't see him for another year or two, or however long it was until he decided he was going to stop avoiding me. Well, that had been stupid. Since he had conveniently already bent his head closer to mine, I took the opportunity to stand on my tiptoes and planted a clumsy kiss on his lips. He hadn't even responded. He smiled at me, a smile that combined uncertainty, hope, and amusement all in one. I wanted to say yes, I really did. The light in Anton's eyes had shut off abruptly. He started striding off quickly, and this time I had to run after him. He continued walking away, and I knew I wasn't going to be able to catch up with him. It was then that I took a calculated trip. Then again, maybe it would be kinder to let him continue thinking that I had only been playing him. Oh, who was I kidding? I wrapped my arms around Anton's neck. he breathed, and then after we had both caught our breaths, he set me back down on my feet. He was suddenly grinning. I told him. The plot was inspired by my finding out that my crush had gotten himself a Swedish girlfriend when I saw it on his Facebook page one day. This is the longest one-shot I've written yet, and I was deliberating on whether to split it up into two chapters. one-shot. My best friend was pacing, shaking his dark hair out like a wet dog as I watched him from atop my unmade bed, amused, apprehensive. I couldn't help but nod wryly in agreement. Upset? Like . I grinned a grin so small I wasn't even sure it could be called that. he laughed, but the lightness in his tongue was not there. There he was, I thought, and I almost smiled in relief. He raised an eyebrow coolly, but I saw the rueful flash of pain flit across his boyish face when I'd answered so unaffectedly. he muttered. But he was having fun. . someone shrieked, jumping on my back from behind, laughing, snickering, tugging at my chocolate-mahogany—or so Tanner had pensively described its color—hair as I choked on my spit. Tammy cackled. I said, smiling wider. I did so without another word, pulling out a simple T-shirt. she joked lamely, waggling her eyebrows as she pulled away. I really did cry that time. Mondays were horrible without Tanner's homemade blueberry muffins, but I figured wearing the shirt would keep me sane. I whispered, shocked, as I spun around. He'd responded to my playful jeering by growing up too fast, leaving me to watch him plow through hordes of girls, searching for someone apt. he answered my question with his own. And I flinched. Now we were strangers who didn't even say hello, for Pete's sake. I glared, watching his teal eyes blink. he replied, his freckled nose scrunching up just a bit at being interrupted. Tanner reached into the jeans hanging loosely on his hips, taking out his cell phone flippantly. Even though I knew that my heart would run straight into his Jacey-pinned arms, if only it had legs. I thought he would have left me alone after I'd ignored all thirty-seven of his calls. And was that the best he could come up with? After fuming to myself for a healthy ten seconds, I wondered when exactly he had the time to post that shred of paper there. I don't know why I did. And I felt myself flinching, tightening my fist as I exhaled slowly. he said, feigning indifference as he pulled me closer. He shrugged kind of nervously. Oh. a. I had to write this. Hope you liked it. Maria? Hope the ending wasn't too abrupt. P.S. Okay, so I alluded to Full House unthinkingly. P.P.S. To anyone who doesn't get what pwned is (-coughTheLatestPlaguecough-), it's like. PLEASE READ: I took this story down because it was plagiarized several times and distributed without my permission. I'm in the back office of the Cherry Pie strip club. I ask Big Nick. The thing is, the way I understand it, when you end up in the office for a little chat, you know why. It isn't Big Nick the titty club owner that has me all worked up, though. He looks at me with an appraising sort of expression. Pinche idiot gave me a black eye, damn near broke my arm, and kicked me out of the house a year ago. Big Nick reaches into his desk drawer and pulls something out. The man is a tank, at least six-two, six-three and built like a linebacker with big beefy arms, all pockmarked and covered in jailhouse tattoos. He takes a long drink from his glass, and then he's just watching me, and I mean really staring me down hard. My face flushes hot. My eyes go wide. I say with a nod. I ask. I gesture down to my busted out converse and old jeans, the ones with the holes in the knees. Quinn plopped down on the chair in shock. Ryder watched Derek as he moved about the small greenroom they were waiting in. Flipping her music back on, she went back to packing the better part of her apartment into two exceptionally large suitcases. Stealing another glance at her watch, she pulled out her cell phone to call the car company again. When she finally reached the arena and managed to find Derek Middleton, Personalized Defeat was already on stage. Forty-five minutes later, Ryder led the rest of the band offstage. Ryder gave her a wide smile. Jake and BeeOne shotby xoxluurveYou and I are . REMOVED indefinitely. And by on time, I mean twenty minutes early. I grin wryly. He gestures to my vehicle. John blinks. Alan, by the way, is my best friend ever. As for me? John and I are trudging up the hill to the band hall, waving occasionally as we spot people we know. Tomorrow, though, the real work begins. Oh, but it's all so worth it. Heavy instruments in hand, John and I make it to the top of the rise upon which the noble establishment of Hillcrest (ironic name, I know) high school sits. Sigh. Haha. Ouch, poor fishies. I say the words bluntly, and plainly. Why the hell did I even bring that thing today? I glance up around, and find that my locker is entirely surrounded by unfamiliar names. Except all those freaking freshman that now surround me. the voice is softer,  I relax and whirl about to see the familiar sight of the band directors—sans one. Helter-skelter. I shrug, and catch John's eye, motioning toward the Jazz-slash-storage room attached to the main band hall. John, Samantha, myself, and a couple of other juniors have placed ourselves in the corner of the set closest to the door—when this is over, we'll be the first ones out of here. I look up as Mrs. Wilson takes the stage. Someone giggles because she said 'sex'. Davis begins,  he says, looking at a sophomore who had misunderstood last year and showed up at eight PM. Finally, the time we've been awaiting comes, and Mr. Davis pulls out a nondescript yellow envelope. Davis sighs. But the Hillcrest band doesn't get nearly enough funding from the district, so no luck there. I nod—I saw the movie; I didn't much care for the story, but I'll admit that it had great music. The first thing I notice is the almost-cube of a marching French Horn case. I can't look away. That's not what I mean either. I realize I'm still turned around, and hurriedly shift in my chair to face the front. There's absolutely no polite way to refuse. Of course, my mind then turns back to my undesired task. He almost laughs. His blue eyes go wide for a second, before he figures out that I'm joking, and he laughs—it sounds genuine. Ryan accedes, and I gesture for him to follow me. Ahem. I don't want to talk about the time I found Aaron and Ashlyn in there. I smile brightly, and am rewarded with an answering grin from Ryan, which, I unfortunately must add, caused my heart to flip-flop in my chest a little. Dammit, I've never felt so immediately attracted to anyone before. Author's Notes: Whew! I'm Rachel, and you can pretty much call me whatever you want, although my typical online alias is  I'm a complete band nerd myself, and I've honestly been wanting to write a high school band centered story for…over a year. A/N: After two years, this chapter has finally been edited by a beta! Who knew that these people would be working in such a delightful place? Okay. His office was huge and way bigger than my whole apartment. Oh my goodness. I walked towards the desk rather shakily. I chose to sit down but not before giving him a slight glare. Wow. He didn't answer; instead he just continued looking at me. This is completely awkward. I knew that loan sharks would be unreasonable when they don't get their money, but before I even agree to the money? I squeaked. I mean James would be away in England for university so he wouldn't even know about it and I get five hundred thousand dollars! He looked at me in question. Before I knew what was happening, the table was overturned. Oh my God. This can't be real, but it is. That being said, if you attempt to plagiarize any of my work, I will find you. So. This may very well be my first story on fictionpress but by no means is it my first story. He didn't see the gun. And to my immense regret, I did. He stated simply. I stared at his unmoving body marveling at his beauty. I mumbled barely half awake. I grumbled. I asked to no one in particular. OK since you people are so flipping in love with lore I shall tell you something that is expressed in other chapters HE ISNT DEAD. See that purple button that says review? the red head blurted as she whirled around to the person she accidentally bumped into. She chuckled nervously. Kill me now, she begged. a wry voice reached her ears. She shook her head furiously as determination flashed through her eyes. He was unperturbed. He was laughing by now. She blinked before her face went beet red. she said easily, grinning at him. he replied, eyeing her. she commented, her eyes twinkling. he cracked up. She blushed. She laughed, throwing her head back. He looked down at her, feeling his heart warm. He smiled to himself. She looked up when she heard hurried footsteps. He narrowed his eyes in concern, tightening his grip around her form. She inhaled, trying to stop from crying. And it broke his heart when there wasn't that bright, brilliant grin on her face. she said, her voice muffled against the crook of his shoulder. he whispered fiercely, his eyes burning intensely. Her eyes watered at his words but instead of replying right away, she turned her gaze skyward and took in the night, starry filled sky. he answered in a beat. She twisted her lips in concentration before a grin broke out. She shook her head, the smile still on her face. He got over his shock and he found himself staring down at her red hair. The brown haired girl looked up from her menu to meet emerald green eyes. The red head looked down to see him sitting in the same booth as Chrissy. Autumn instantly flushed. Autumn instantly grinned, bouncing on her feet. she smiled before walking out as fast as she came in. Autumn got back into the car and sighed pleasantly and raised her eyes, only surprised to see Alex looking at her through the rear-view mirror. She felt something hot crawl up her spine. She scowled before shrugging slightly. She felt her face grow hot. she exclaimed, trying to play it cool. Autumn sat very, very still. She studied him. He sat there for a moment before driving towards his place. Christabel snapped out of her daze. Christabel looked at her for a moment, taking in her red hair, gleaming green eyes filled with genuine worry, but she couldn't help but feel a pang of envy and anger take over. Her heart contracted. Christabel quickly shook her head. Autumn blinked. Almost immediately Autumn felt insanely guilty. Autumn's back tensed and she felt another layer of guilt. No. Christabel said before cutting her off. Autumn looked startled. Christabel whispered, the hurt in her eyes. Autumn watched her quietly. It wasn't because of her features. No one can hate her. That's what makes her truly exquisite. Autumn continued. Chrissy suddenly cried out. Christabel just nodded. At the mention of the sunset, her face instantly brightened and he mentally gave himself a pat on the back. she managed to squeak out. she smiled brightly, but inside she was cringing to herself. She whirled to him and smiled nervously. He felt himself slowly start to smirk. She stopped walking and turned around. She nodded in agreement, unable to tear her eyes away from their clasped hands. They sat in comfortable silence and Autumn felt herself start to squirm, realizing something. She's fallen for Alex. She felt her smile falter and her face grow hot. she replied in a beat, her hand over her heart. he trailed off before laughing slightly. he clarified. She stared at him, feeling something pound in her heart. she said clearly, smiling brilliantly at him. She began to nod her head. He had that half smile half smirk on his face and all she heard was his voice, the ocean waves, and the sound of her heart beating hard in her chest. she said, swallowing. He held her gaze. She gasped when his lips landed on hers and her eyes instantly went shut. He looked at her for a second. she said abruptly. he said, his voice full of surprise before a second later, a wide, brilliant grin tugged his lips. he asked, still grinning at her. I'm so sorry, Christabel. She heard him grunt before growling at her father who was a few feet away from both of them. Alex ignored him and turned to Autumn who looked fragile and broken. Alex said fiercely. Autumn screamed, tears springing from her eyes. he said, sitting up, wiping blood oozing from his mouth. he said, his voice stricken,  And he pushed her, just in time for his own head to make contact with the hard glass. Autumn turned her head, her eyes not believing what she just saw. she said, her voice tentative and trembling. she screamed desperately, her voice choked. But her cries were silent to his ears. a voice said from across her. the doctor in charge of Alex stepped forward. Autumn sucked in a quick breath. A few minutes later, Christabel and Autumn were standing in front of the door that held Alex. Autumn said, her voice barely above a whisper, a smile growing on her face. Just like her breath and world. she said in a whisper. And Autumn was gone. She felt as if she would faint. he said, snickering as he rubbed the back of his neck. He looked at her weirdly. She looked at him for a moment, pulling her hand from his face. She was gone, and he was left staring after her disappearing form. Silly, you're my guardian angel. Yeah, I guess I am . He looked at the crumpled bill in his hand before shaking his head, turned around, and walked away, leaving her and his memories until it was ready to be reawakened once again. If you were to ask anyone in my school, they would have said that Libby Daniel's was a soccer freak. What I wouldn't give to throw away my soccer skills. I raised my arms, hearing some cracking noises. I was blessed with three older brothers. Ryan and Taylor were seniors in my high school, and eighteen. Then there was Eddie, who was seventeen and a junior in high school. The main problem with my brother's was that they were over-protective. he asked. I wanted to forgive him for being so horrible to me. I didn't know how to live like a normal teenager. I took my orders as they came. My head was filled with the lies that my parents told me. When he figured out it was me who smacked him, let's just say the car ride to school was not pleasant. I could not blame her. Before entering I'd been confident I looked nice. The others would be impossible to change. I was not hideous, but not the type of girl to get noticed. Of course I was no miss perfect. I blushed. I nodded and shyly sat down in a corner of the room. I just sat there, waiting for my name to be called, when another girl entered the room. I tried to quiet them down. The next moment a few things happened. And then the blonde, who had finally grasped what I had said, reacted. Then the door opened and the woman in black entered again. I could not leave! b. d. e. f. Anyway. Ugh! Never thought I would live to see the day when I would be late for anything, especially school. I got to school only five minutes late, but to me it felt like twenty. Talk about yikes. I mentally gave an annoyed sigh. The evil, old prune actually cut me off before I had the chance to explain myself. And it really wasn't. Ugh! I arrived late in class and got a glare from Mr. Freeman. Well. At lunch one of my friends, Lucy, had spilled ketchup on the seat and I didn't even bother to check that damn seat before sitting down. The whole cafeteria started laughing and pointing at me. Well school was over and I was headed over to room 121 to fulfill my detention. I finished my walk of shame and finally reached Room 121. I didn't expect much, except the usual boring white walls and the same old boring desks. Man! Since I was there for the next few hours I might as well get some studying done. I was about halfway through my history assignment when I heard the door open. I felt someone take a seat next to me. Christian was not some you wanted to mess with. But even with the whole dangerous aura around him, the female population and even few males fawned over him, and worshipped the very ground he walked on. Christian was glowering at my desk which was piled with my books. I snapped. In his seat? He raised one dark eyebrow at my answer and replied . He was using his dad. I replied in a snarky tone. I replied firmly. But right then I couldn't care less about my sanity. He actually sounded surprised. He asked bewildered. He replied with bit of awe in his voice. I coughed under my breath. This guy was just so fucking confusing. Hmm… Who was I to judge him? Mrs. Gibbs stated in her thick smoker's voice. I thought it was Mrs. Gibbs leaving the room for another smoke or something so I kept going. Wild? Christian Collins was staring at me with a huge grin on his handsome face. Was he talking to me? Maybe this guy had lost it. I finally asked after standing there for three minutes of awkward silence. I turned around to see Christian smirking down at me; that same stupid cocky smirk that I was itching to slap off his face. Looking at his face I got a feeling that I wasn't going to get a reply. My name rolled off his tongue perfectly. What really mattered was that the weirdo was holding my arm in a tight but not yet uncomfortable grip. He seemed to enjoy my discomfort. He leaned in a bit closer to me. Liking my reaction, he pulled me flush against his body and began to play with my earlobe with his mouth. I felt his sharp teeth bite down gently and his tongue began to caress the outer ring of my ear. Quickly coming to my senses, I pushed him away from me or at least tried to. I wasn't even sure if I really wanted to anymore. Christian abruptly pulled away from me and I moaned in disappointment from the lack of contact between us. I stared at him, confusion evident on my face. He must've sensed my eyes on him because he looked my way. He gave a gentle tug on my earlobe with his teeth before pulling away and running out the doors of the school. I snapped out of my stupor and realized that I was standing alone in the middle of the hallway after a heated encounter with Christian Collins. And where was he running off to? He's just messing with you. Yeah right. I had to go to the library to study tonight. I realized that the library would close soon and I needed to get as much studying done as possible before then. This is my second attempt at an original story, first. Sarcasm, Arrogance and. Summary: Funny, sarcastic, arrogant, a complete punk. Okay girl, be cool, confidence-- that's the key. Where was I? I gave her a look over. I grinned. Oh what d'you know. But then he glanced at me and I felt my whole body go stiff. Eh. 'Bekka' said, throwing me glares every few seconds. I snorted, and everyone one looked at me like I was suicidal. Oh dear. nerve of him! business"! out"? continued. just like you," Aiden said. old I was". together". your other grades"? back now"? desk-stealer. more car rides from Aiden. was justified. replied. words. have a car. hate about me"? asked. are you doing on this bus"? obvious"? tree was familiar. contact after he said those words. hate him! me anymore, do you"? Aiden called behind me. seemed. have no clue why I'm here"? you stole my heart," I said. ah, i started something old again! i was supposed to have more of Ghosting posted, but it's not yet saved to my lap top (new, whoo hoo! anyway, i hope ya'll enjoy this. Thursday, April 6, 2006. With a soft groan, I pulled myself out of the rickety kitchen chair, the only one that was left of the original set; the only other chair anymore is that orange one I'd fished from a garbage heap down the street a few months ago. The kitchen is so clean, just the way I like it; as if we have anything other than bills to clutter it up anyway. She was still asleep when I walked into her bedroom, and I took a moment to lean up against the door as my eyes slowly took in the tiny details of her entire world. I get my dark blonde hair from her; I've taken shears to it recently, so it's all jagged and off my neck again. After putting the glass back onto the bedside table, I drifted into the kitchen once more, feeling depressed that the pile of bills hadn't magically paid themselves and disappeared. Sighing, I pulled out the dilapidated pack of cigarettes full of mismatched sticks I've bummed off random kids; you bum from every smoker you see every once in and a while, and you don't have to go buy your own. And I ambled down the driveway (with the beat up car that has miraculously carried me around since I first learned to drive it when I was twelve. There's a new family across the street, they've got two teenagers about my age that catch the bus with me in the mornings and afternoons. They were loud by just existing really, the shorter one never shuts up, I don't think. I made a noncommittal noise, feeling ill at ease around two vibrant guys, compared to a dusty fart like me. But I then was pulling her to her feet and slinging her arm around my shoulders as I helped her cross the bedroom and into the tiny little bathroom. Sometimes, I wish I could hate her. It was several hours after I managed to get her into bed and fast asleep that I was able to finish up the bills. Of course, I could always think about the way I smelled one of those guys today. But it's Axel I'm kissing, in my mind, lying half-clothed in my dark bedroom. I feel dirty whimpering his name, and so I do it again, feeling that shameful naughtiness I always get. Anyone. Even as she stood there, she felt God's ridicule. It was an injustice. She understood her mother. While her mother grieved, Terra felt dead. Charles Seblanksy was in his final resting place. Out of nowhere, she suddenly felt a tap on her shoulder. Then, Petra pulled her into her arms and allowed their heads to rest against each other's. Weeks after her father's death, she was finding it harder than ever to cope with her everyday tasks. She couldn't stop thinking about him, or the way he died. At first, she thought maybe she needed a diversion. She was sick of the pitiful faces that greeted her every morning. Her new AP English teacher had wrinkles pulling at the corners of her eyes as she smiled at her. Well, technically, she was born in San Francisco before her parents migrated with her when she was five. She could hear some people behind the class tittering, obviously finding her tone very amusing. Following her mother's foolish and unthoughtful instruction, she'd been sent straight to school after they'd just arrived at the airport. Back in London, she would've never talked back. Oh, but what the hell now. She scowled, irritated. She snapped her head around and glared at the guys. His leer rang clear in her head and that was quite possibly her last straw. Then, she turned around. And that was how first period ended. England had been a place of sorrow since her father left and so, back there, she'd been relieved at the prospect of leaving. She knew her thoughts were contradicting but she knew for a fact that she wasn't about to turn back and go running to the people that caused her fleeing in the first place. Pentrose High really was comparably smaller than her previous school. When she got to the detention room, she noticed that she was fifteen-minutes early. She thought she heard a man's voice. Terra lifted her head up. Terra turned. She paused. Before blondie could make another come back, his friend, Cal, immediately interjected. It was funny how the first thing she noticed about the boys were their hairs. Throughout the entire day, she'd been insulted and objectified by most of the guys that'd crossed paths with her. Suddenly, it was as if no one could move. Very, very gradually – as if everything would fall apart if she moved too fast – she turned to her to look at him. It wasn't his boredom. She glared icicles at him. There was a loud laugh and Terra's eyes shifted. For some reason, when 'pretty little girl' came out his mouth, it sounded like a compliment. Mr. Ohio guffawed but began to walk away from the group. Mr. Ohio was a nice person. Her mother had been going on and on about her behavior since she'd gotten into the car. Terra's eyes wanted to roll so badly. Even when she was saying those words, Terra could already feel regret in her heart. As if right on cue, their car arrived in front of a gated mansion. They parked the car in the garage and got out into the front lawn where they were greeted by a pair of couple. Terra didn't have to wait to see that the mention of her father's name drastically changed the atmosphere. The exterior of the house was, admittedly, beautiful and the interior did it justice as well. The couple led them into a room to the left – a living room. Terra's eyes shifted to the man. Everyone's attention quickly shifted to the little boy with dark-brown hair who had skidded into the room. The way he turned all of the 'r's into 'w's made her smile. She'd met many people today or seen many of them. She waited. No. All eyes were on the dark-blue eyed boy who was now smiling politely and nodding at Terra's mother. His head turned. never even been to Toronto! separate. door. your friends. Well whatever, screw you. Mrs. Hudson, our homeroom teacher screamed. Her being all British and all, not that I'm taking the mick out of British people or anything, cos' like why would I? We all chorused, except for the one jock who said 'sir'. Just as Mrs H was about to finish her sentence off, the bell rang. We stood outside on the parking lot with the rest of the guys, TRANSLATION: Jocks, and cheerleaders. Emily Whitebeard asked me. I nodded. I said lastly. So, there it is. Disclaimer – OK, this is my disclaimer for this chapter and all the others up to the last chapter. About this story: The story idea occurred to me partially formed somewhere around early October 2004. In December 2008 I signed with the Bradford Literary Agency, and as of August 2009 we are officially done with edits and attempting to sell this book to a publishing house. To old readers (you know who you are): Thank you so much to everyone who has been a faithful reader all these years. Our lives are not so amazing that their moments of joy or hatred are kept forever. Rarely is an account written that explores all the tripped-up, tangled ties between people in their small world. This account is creative. What I can give is how I saw and loved them, what I believed they did and why, what our lives were vaguely like, and how we interacted in my memory of our settings. No. There are many days left to travel before I arrive at the home I no longer belong to. I could go on, describing the train we took, then the automotive vehicle, then the primitive wooden wagons I grew up marveling, but I will not. I did not want a slave, but I felt isolated from my fellow women, and since it was my job to sympathize with them, I was gently urged by my patron -she who managed my economic life in exchange for artistic work- to begin cultivating a genuine household. Did he wonder, in the weeks that the matchmakers whittled away the list of appropriate slaves in my honor, who it was coming to look at him, and if they would choose him out of all the others, or merely let him alone, thankfully and damningly, as had been done so many times before? The wonders of our time were the Halls themselves, all four erected as mammoth testaments to the community culture of our nation and gender; North in the northwest, West in the southwest, East in the northeast, and South in the southeast. Of course, I did not question until afterwards why so much time and effort was put into proving feminine superiority. We were afraid of them, I think. I suppose it is the way of things, but I say them because if this has taught me anything, it is how important accounts like mine are to future generations. eyes. her. a week. who cries, it made him feel bad. Silver Star necklace and gave it to him. necklace and put it on. Don't tell anyone I did that"! A/N: This story spans about five years of writing. Immediately my friends burst into raucous laughter, doubling over and slapping my shoulder. Then I did the only thing I could do - join in the laughter; because it was extremely funny if you thought about it. I took a second through my laughter to size him up in front of me. I couldn't spend too much time caring. still felt the need to practice. the only ones to touch the ball. named Keith Nole. teachers. Lucas was the leader. if you were the type. from The Red. 'club'. He wouldn't lie. And that attitude. that sense of control, power, and danger. best players are either warming the bench or getting bulldozed. next week. He hadn't been looking at me before, studying our wedding portrait's frame behind me. He didn't seem to think deeper about that. To my surprise, though he'd certainly sounded annoyed, he looked resigned and tired. I took a deep breath, still not daring to look at his face. This was the guy who'd gotten us to be best friends when we were young, so we wouldn't be as angry about the arranged marriage when we were older. I stared at him, flabbergasted. I said icily. My sudden volume in voice had surprised him, even me. he said angrily, to my disbelief. I interrupted. I sat down on our – no, my bed. Logan said. I screamed. he hissed, pinning my wrists and body down on the bed. It took Logan about a second to realize that I was scared of him hurting me – that I was scared of him, period. I had to stop to wipe more tears. I whispered into the blanket. My heart was still thumping wildly from all the secrets I'd told him. Trembling, I let him pull me back into his embrace, where I let his body warm mine. I whispered into our fingers, looking at our rings. He didn't speak for a moment. A flame of hope shot up in me, even before I could suppress it. he said, holding me tighter. I sat there, just listening to his quiet, deep voice. He started to let me go from his lap, but I held on tighter. I lifted my face to meet his since both our speeches. Whoo! Crossing to my underwear drawer, I pulled it open and considered my options. And so we headed out into the night. Ugh. For a moment I was confused, but then I remembered what Smithy had said about being arrested. This was. In the way of small towns, it didn't take us long to reach the main square that was our destination. The thrill of Smithy not diving to his death off the clock tower faded somewhat, however, as we reached the riverbank and I belatedly remembered all the rain we'd had recently. I followed Smithy down to the very edge of the water, strutting confidently in case anyone was watching. He wordlessly passed the phone over and I read, Task 5: Find the Head Girl of St Mary's and sneak a kiss off her. Our mouths started off cold against each other, but quickly warmed as I turned more fully towards him and reached forward to tangle my fingers through his hair. The second kiss was even better than the first. Yep, it's one of my patented 'I've forgotten how to write, it's crunch-time in my story and I have absolutely no idea how the creative process works. I'd love to hear your thoughts. Edit - someone pointed out that Elspeth Marie Angelica Duspre-Holstaff sounds a bit like Wendy Moira Angela Darling, which got me thinking. Hey everyone! It was universally assumed that if one – especially a woman – was well-bred, she was also polite and demure, exceeding in manners and passiveness. This reasoning was exactly why Riley Ledger wished she hadn't been brought up as a genteel woman. Riley didn't even want to get married. It was Riley's older sister Kendra that played the part of woman with remarkable beauty and grace. Kendra was what Riley wanted to be, and at the same time, knew she could never be. Bradley Ledger was a well-bred man who reveled in being the town's sheriff. Oddly enough, this didn't bother Riley in the least. Currently, Kendra was playing an up-tempo song that apparently was a favorite of bartender's, and Riley was sitting off to the side, her nose buried deep into a novel. This caused the man to frown. This time, Riley glanced up, raising a cool, arched brow. This time, the man felt his patience slip away from him as his frustration only deepened. The man didn't mean to get so offended, but there were many different elements at play here. When Riley suspected that it was safe to open her eyes, she saw another man in front of her, preventing the swing by her pest. So right now, I have taken it upon myself to revise my list in a more…realistic way. Basically, none of it is really feasible. Well! She nodded. 'Who the hell is important enough to hold up a 747? 'Wonderful,' I think 'now I'll have the pleasure of meeting the  who will be sitting next to me. There is something about that voice, and even though I had wanted to ignore him, I just can't. Oh crud…he must have noticed me inspecting him. I took his hand. 'No, Bobby! I didn't have anything else to say, and besides, I hadn't wanted to talk to this guy in the first place, so I just turned back to my list and went back to work on it. I hung up the phone. I threw back the covers, immediately shocked by the cold. I told the driver. I nodded and followed his instructions. I followed her and saw what must have been my seat next to a girl with brownish-reddish hair. I liked her name and I told her so, and she told me that she has a sister named Edna, and a brother named Donald,  she said. Meet someone famous Hey! I couldn't understand why this girl was so hard on herself! Text copyright © 2010 by S.C. StephensAll Rights Reserved. Wow! I don't remember the accident. It was nearly summer when the crash happened. My best friend Darren took the back seat with his girlfriend Samantha, or Sammy as we all called her. And in a way, I did. It took even less time for me to actually be hers. And I was starting to. The answer to the second question everyone always eventually asks me, and that you're probably wondering right now, is no…I was not drinking that night. When Darren tried to throw a punch at some community college, frat boy wannabe (who'd crashed the beach bonfire we'd gone to) for grabbing Sammy's ass, I'd decided he'd had enough for the evening, and swiped his car keys. Eventually though, I think it was Sammy ramming her tongue down his throat and describing all the things they could do in the back seat while I drove them home that finally convinced him that it was a great idea. So, no, I wasn't drinking and I wasn't on drugs. I'd been doing fine before the crash, laughing and joking with my friends while the three of them passed around a forty ounce and laughed over Darren's feeble attempt to defend Sammy's honor. Here is where I forcefully stop my memory. Yes, every person I talked to was told the same response: I don't remember the accident. Three months after that fateful night, when September came round, my external wounds had healed but my insides were still a mess. The town we lived in was a small one and the crash and the subsequent deaths had been  news every day since then. Even though no physical evidence supported that theory, and even though I'd been tested at the hospital and cleared of any mind altering substances, there were few in the town who actually believed that. I almost took her up on it, especially when I ran into Darren's younger brother one day on one of the rare occasions that I left my property. He hadn't said much to me when I ran into him on the sidewalk outside of the only movie theater in town. His girlfriend had dragged him away from me when he looked like he wanted to start wailing on me. Like I said, that was almost enough to convince me that a change of stomping grounds was in order. It was just the two of us after my dad left her when I was three. So with a heavy heart, I told her no, told her that I'd endure the ridicule and curious stares and go back to Sheridan High to finish my senior year of school. My mom had been a beautiful woman in her youth, but her life had been a hard one and she was a little run down from it. The catastrophe hadn't been easy for her either. She sighed sadly and clasped my large hand in her small ones. She smoothed out my black t-shirt and reached behind her to hand me my letterman's jacket. My mother watched me as I stood outside in the light drizzle of the morning rain. As the raindrops picked up strength, my eyes lingered on one spot of the pavement, where a small puddle was starting to form in a dip in the sidewalk. A horn was blaring at me. A harsh voice snapped me completely back to reality. Everyone was staring at me as the doors closed and the bus started pulling away. Sheridan was a small town in Oregon and Sheridan High was even smaller. I fisted my hands and closed my eyes as tears started to fill them. The babbling behind me didn't stop however, and those tears in my eyes were threatening to spill down my cheeks. I managed to ignore the humdrum that way for the rest of the bus ride. The hydraulics of the bus screeched as it lurked to a stop and the door immediately squeaked open. Sheridan High. It wasn't the most put together work though and on occasion those bricks would chip apart or even come loose and pop off all together. Aside from that oddity, the rest of the building was horridly plain. I was jostled from behind and snapped out of my painful memories by students meandering through the campus on their way to another year of dreary school life. I don't know why, but I instinctively turned to look. Pulling my eyes from his clothes, I moved up to his face. I ducked into the main building and immediately turned right. I made myself ignore the stares and the buzzing current of talk that followed me up the hall, and forcefully shoved the door into the restroom open. It was like these people I'd grown up with, suddenly didn't know me at all. I looked up when my lungs felt clearer. A soft voice made me spin around and there sitting on the floor at the far end of the room next to the stalls was…a girl. Surprise at seeing a girl in the men's room, who obviously had been here awhile, lightened my mood. She started laughing and the sound echoed around the tiled room, filling it with a certain merry-like music. She laughed a little more as she gazed at me. I glanced at her still on the floor and thought she looked about to challenge my answer; pretty bold of her since I didn't know her from Adam. She shrugged and slid up the wall to stand. She laughed again at my look. She sighed, interpreting my odd look, and I realized everyone must ask her. I sighed forlornly. I stopped washing the dishes and smiled slightly at the sound of her voice. I asked, wishing I didn't sound so hopeful. I was grateful that my friends were helping me, but I was still skeptical. Marina had been quite a legend in the small town where we grew up. Then, when she was seventeen, Marina announced to her family that she no longer wanted to go to church and wanted to explore, in her words, 'whatever else was out there. My parents didn't approve of my friendship with Marina. Two months ago, I had made an uncharacteristically rash decision to pack everything up and come to Manhattan. I bit my lip. I was my parents' least mentioned child. If nothing else, at least I was reunited with Marina again. I told her quickly. But right now, anything that would prevent me from having to move back with my family would do. I paused, drying my last dish and putting it on the rack. I told her, a bit uncertain now. I quirked my mouth a little at her words. I sat down at my kitchen counter with my laptop, which took a full seven minutes to start up. Clicking on the first link that popped up, I browsed through some of the photos he had online. They were nice photos, but I didn't think they were anything that spectacular. I didn't really understand it. I said, a bit startled by the prompt response. He stepped aside. I breathed, not able to help myself. I said, sticking out my hand. I suddenly understood. Andrew Williams still didn't say anything. There were five large photographs on the wall. I could not tell what he was thinking at all. I looked down at the ground. I said, searching desperately for a good analysis as I looked back at the photograph. Glancing over at Andrew Williams, I saw that he had pressed his lips together. he answered. I shook my head. Well, that was. Paul smiled again at me as the elevator doors closed. way. On the day of my sister's funeral I wore my dusty black blazer and non-matching drainpipe trousers, because I don't own a suit. I sat there, unable to move and realised I was never going to go. If I had turned up, I'd only have done something I'd later regret to her bastard of a husband's body; something like cut off his dick for murdering the only person left in this world that I loved, even though he was dead too. Maybe that was why I didn't move. What I wanted was oblivion and that was easier to find at the bottom of a bottle of nasty cheap vodka left over from around the time of some party or other, stuffed at the back of my wardrobe under my smart black shoes that now sat in front of me on the carpet, waiting for me to slide socked feet into them, fasten the thin, strangling laces and walk out the door. It was a miracle or a curse that I didn't. If I hadn't staggered through the hallway at the moment when that harsh bang on the door made mock of my throbbing head, I never would have answered it. The woman (if I said I remembered her well, I'd be lying) was wearing a charcoal grey suit: a pencil skirt and a blazer, some inoffensive blouse or other. I (hung-over and uncaring) swallowed at her, squinting shiftily. I suppose I scratched my head, letting fingers run through my lank, greasy hair, because I did that a lot then. Her lipstick lips pursed and she extended a manicured hand, grimacing a smile that made me think she'd be wiping it clean when I let go. I spluttered, my eyes widening as I realised that for what ever awful reason, the title I was never supposed to have was being given more than its usual symbolic role. Lips pursed again. I trailed desperately, indicating its position behind me on the hall table. The suit stared at me expectantly. Ewan looks like Em even now. he slurred, getting my name wrong entirely, just like all those journos do when they give my exhibitions bad press. he drawled, slipping into his t-shirt. he grinned, stumbling on the uneven turn-up of carpet near the corner by the lift as he did some pathetic double point, fingers vaguely trigger-like. Shaking it off, I came back to focus on the foreground where Ewan was looking at me - the most disappointment I've ever seen in a stranger's eyes. Kid didn't cry. I put in desperately, my voice an almost-whine. That strange voice again – the words not quite right, as if he was talking through a fog that muffled his words; his imprecise pronunciation annoyed me because it made me feel I was drunker than I was and even with my head pounding, I knew I was more sober than that. My head throbbed as Wendy shoved the papers at me. When the front door closed behind the woman, he sat down opposite me on the floor. I'd seen enough mangled bodies. That numb, tightness in my stomach rose up against his anger, rendering breathing impossible as some heavy feeling crushed at my chest. Ewan was standing in the doorway of the kitchen when I looked up, just watching me, I remember that. I corrected, straightening up to snatch the bottle off him. I turned a hard smile on him – another sample from my chocolate box of emotional responses. I didn't offer Ewan a drink, but he walked in and took one anyway; it seemed that was the way things were going to go between us – he'd take what he needed, despite me. My eyes had stayed dry when I got the call about her going into hospital, which only came because she was thoughtful enough to carry a card in her purse that told them her neurotic little brother needed to know. part of the Questor's Path. His nostrils flared. Haha! Alairn hollered back, sounding entirely ungrateful. the patch. Questor from three summers ago. Tioth. mortal men. "Halfer? however, gave him dirty looks for saying so. Testers. squirrel maiming. Dammit all, he liked it here. for? try and make you stay. Alairn out. the moment. Tam bit his lip as the priest motioned him forward. Training his eyes forward as he'd been taught, Tam moved to the end of the rock ledge the priest had motioned him toward. Beaded red anklets jingled softly as he stepped out as far as he could and he curled his toes over the end of the ledge. He'd been raised to die. The priest's last words fell hauntingly on his ears, but he didn't dare turn to face the man. So was this death? Tam moved his head gingerly, wincing as the movement made his neck hurt, as he tried to figure out who else was in the room with them. People stared. he tried to croak only to realize that the head injury was the least of his problems, his throat felt as if it were on fire. the old man clucked. Why talk to someone who was going to willingly die? The old man puttered about, walking in front of Tam and snapping him out of his thoughts. Last time? Yasel spared Tam a glance then, the contempt obvious in his eyes as he glared down at Tam. By the time he looked back up, Yasel was gone. Tam stood painfully as a group of around fifty men, women and children glared at him. Haelil had shoved a fur-lined tunic and a pair of leather leggings at him moments before dragging him out to this little gathering. He blinked, not comprehending exactly what was happening. So, he'd killed himself and now they wanted him to explain himself before they killed him again? Another man darted forward out of the crowd, cuffing Tam hard upside the head. Yasel announced, clearly and loudly. Tam croaked. Yasel nodded abruptly, pulling Tam to his feet roughly. With that, Yasel took off, his strides long as he carried Tam to the far end of the village to a tent that was isolated from the rest. Yasel ignored him in favor of tinkering with a few of the pouches, opening them and then throwing some of the contents into a pot over the fire. For a moment, all Tam could do was stare at him in frozen uncertainty. Okay, now he knew. Yasel released Tam abruptly, pushing him towards the pallet. he managed hoarsely before nervously watching Yasel cross the tent towards him. Yasel sighed heavily. It was freezing in the tent. Yasel eyes were hard, but he was looking everywhere but at Tam's naked form. Yasel pointed the knife at him. So Yasel came at him, the knife against his throat, and his arm curled around Tam's waist, pulling him up hard against Yasel's chest. The moment the desired noise was out of his mouth though, Yasel dropped him as if he were diseased. Yasel merely shrugged his shoulders, grabbed the blooded white blanket and then advanced on Tam. The entire village was surrounding the tent. With that, Yasel turned back into the tent, toting Tam with him. When Yasel's light snores could finally be heard, Tam relaxed enough to inch closer towards him. Waking slowly, Tam noticed two things. There was clothing sitting in a folded pile at the end of the pallet, and Tam quickly scrambled into them. Yasel barked, grabbing Tam by the back of his tunic and hauling him back into the tent. He seemed to be asking that a lot. Tam dumped the boots to the side to go take another look at the snowing. Yasel regarded him with a small frown for a moment before kneeling down beside him and pulling Tam's head towards him with warm hands. Tam retorted indignantly. Tam gave the boots a disdainful glare. he muttered sullenly before slipping them on. Tam limped after Yasel, following closely the deeper into the tent village they went. There was a group of five children huddled under a set of furs by the fire, their miserable faces indicating just how unwell they felt. A story? Rattling off a quick explanation was not enough to satisfy their curiosity either. Shrugging his shoulders, Tam limped after him back to their tent at the edge of the tent village. Tam copied Yasel in taking off the boots and leaving them just inside the edge of the tent. Glancing over, Tam caught sight of Yasel pulling out a couple long, rolled up lengths of tanned leather. Tam managed to squeak out. Tam squirmed again, bumping knees with Yasel who calmly let go of his wrist to lay a hand on Tam's leg. It wasn't that Yasel disgusted him. He supposed he wasn't necessarily a sacrifice anymore. He rolled over to face Yasel, making sure to keep a certain amount of distance between them. So what exactly was he doing here? Tam shook his head. …well, quite frankly, the whole thing scared him. Tam stuttered as Yasel slid closer. Squirming at first, Tam was uncertain as to where to place his hands or what to do with his legs. It wasn't the best of subjects to be bringing up while the man was half sleeping on him, he was sure. Yasel said softly against his ear, scaring a startled yelp out of Tam. "But after a while, the cold just numbed me and I didn't think of anything. The hand at Tam's waist brushed lower, dipping inside Tam's leggings. Tam panted. It was time to go find Yasel then, he decided, because he couldn't stand his own company anymore. Making his way into the tent, Tam couldn't believe that it could possibly smell worse than it had the day before, but it did. Giving her an uncertain glance, Tam walked around her to talk to Yasel. Wounds that Tam recognized. Yasel, however, didn't seem at all happy with Tam or Tam's continued presence here. Tam looked at him blankly for a moment before he got angry in return. And that was the last thing Tam was willing to take from him. Yasel didn't like it? By the time Tam had found what he was looking for and mixed it up properly, the sun had set. Gingerly moving his sore body out of his tent, he quickly and quietly made his way to the sickness tent. The name was half growled as Tam entered the tent, but he could see that Yasel was in little position to put more force behind the words. he ordered as he dumped the bag that held the jars of salve at Yasel's feet. Tam shot him a disgusted look. Well, Tam wasn't going to protest that. Tam knew it was not going to be an easy task. The combination of the please and the fact that it was actually not an entirely bad suggestion made Tam relent. The kids were all looking at him expectantly though, so he plowed on. "In a land, much farther south than the lands that your parents and your parents' parents have lived on, there was a people who lived off of the rich crop lands that the Mother had gifted them. By the time that they'd gotten all the children tucked into small pallets with their eyelids drooping closed in sleep, Tam had managed to tell his story up to the point where he'd awaken as Rin here in this village. Tam took a sip of the oilskin himself somewhere in the middle of checking the other tents of the villages. Sighing, he made his way to the last tent. Tam told him stiffly, handing him the oilskin. It wasn't a very strong one or an effective one. Yasel promised. Hands touched lightly on his chin, and reluctantly, Tam turned his head to look at Yasel given the gentle insistence. He struggled painfully to get up, but Yasel halted the movement, gingerly picking Tam up and hauling him like a slightly fragile dead animal carcass back to their tent. Yasel told him, his hands resting on Tam's cheeks and then threading through his hair. Yasel watched him for a moment, and then turned around to put the mess Tam had made on the other side of the tent back to rights. He was still lost in thought when Yasel crawled under the furs behind him a couple hours later. So. Up, up and away, then. Truth be told, I love summer anywhere. I am pretty damn sure that my little girl is going to be the CEO of some enormous company when she grows up. Case in point, she is sitting above me right now in front of our little lemonade-and-baked-goods stand, which we will run for the extent of the summer. Arianna gets to be our frontwoman – she even knows how to count and give change – while I lay back and rest. I hear from above. she chirps back and I know she's smiling her big, toothy grin where her freckly nose wrinkles. he asks of her. he asks carefully. I smile as cheerfully as I'm able to. Ari starts giggling madly at this – it isn't the first time I do it – and I join her happily. he strokes his chin mock-pensively, no doubt for Ari's benefit. When I get back up, Ari is carefully picking his cupcake with these little tongs that look like they belong in a toy kitchen and slowly deposits it on his stretched hand. he bows his head at her and I take that chance to slide the bottle towards him. She's all giggling and shaking her head. And I have to busy myself with the iPod because I can't watch him eat. I smile. he nods in agreement and there's something a little bit wolfish in his smile this time. Ari only loves this too much. But then he holds his hand out for me, too, and I have to laugh as I give it over for him to put a slightly lingering kiss there just as he rubs my fingers with his. I look at her with a laugh. I smile at the scene I find when I come back from my quick trip to the trunk of my car, where I've gone to retrieve more stickers. He smiles up at me when he notices me walking up towards the booth. I can hear Ari giggling as she finishes her story and my eyes widen. I say helplessly, which only sets him off again. I'm pretty damn sure that I heard him wrong, but there's no way I'm going to ask him to repeat himself. I turn towards her. I squeeze my eyes shut for a second. I finally settle on one of those breezy country ballads that I found – today is 'roadtrip' day for Ari and I – and look up just in time to see Mr. Pat chewing on the first bite of his Carrot Cake cupcake. he says once he's had his last bite and licked the last of the frosting off his pale fingers, which if I didn't know better I would think he did for my benefit. Ari is in the middle of celebrating her small victory when she sees something a little further ahead and slides down from her little stool so quickly that she almost topples it and goes tumbling to the floor. she beseeches, doing a rather impressive rendition of the pee-dance. he continues with a smile. I smile before I remember that I didn't bring any. he says. Because her mother is a social climbing whore who as good as dumped her on my brother Dylan about the second that Ari started to cramp her style; my brother was a bartender at the time, and a really good looking one if I can say so myself, so long story short, he met Clara, had a one night stand, Arianna happened. I laugh, focusing on her again. he says to her. he winks at me as he backs away towards the trees again. Because, to my utter chagrin, I totally want him too. She found him huddling inside a telephone booth, one of those rare relics that somehow managed to survive in a world where cell phones were the driving force. Which was occupied by him, some man who was most likely homeless, she thought. In normal circumstances, she would have let it go and walked on to find another payphone, one that would be unoccupied. His eyebrows raised and a smirk formed on his face. Crazy and rude, she thought. And it went on and on and on. What really happened was that Wyatt had some knowledge about cars. he explained in the car as Paige drove. Paige was quiet and she kept her thoughts to herself, but frankly she thought that Wyatt was a bit eccentric for her taste. Paige watched him walk up the steps to the apartment building. Groaning, she turned the engine off and grabbed his backpack. It was Wyatt. There was silence before Paige heard shuffling and suddenly she was facing Wyatt while hearing Grace calling, after him from her door. He didn't have a place to stay; both of them knew this. Paige didn't know this man. But her instincts were telling her that despite Wyatt being a weird, strange guy, he was also one who just had his heart broken. She got out of the car and she took a few steps towards her apartment building before stopping and looking back at her car. But when she glanced over at her car, Wyatt was already getting out. Wyatt ended up staying for five years. Paige didn't sleep that first night Wyatt stayed with her. A pause settled between them as her words lingered in the air. It would take her the end of the night when she was lying in her bed and Wyatt was snoring away contentedly on her pull out couch that she realized he never left her apartment building and she never asked him to leave. And with that he gobbled up whatever was left on his plate. He took a step closer and picked up a blue shirt that was lying on the floor between the two of them. By the end of the night, Wyatt won and Paige declared her hatred for monopoly. The month was torture for her while Wyatt loved it. Paige watched from the sidelines, and while she was glad that Wyatt was happy, a part of her was still skeptical. Wyatt would have two serious girlfriends during the five years he lived with Paige. The first break up, Paige helped Wyatt cope by buying him lots of his favorite beer and snacks. He noticed how Paige had no friends and during his time staying with her, he never once saw her go out on dates or bring boys over. When he asked his question, Paige no longer giggled. She shrugged, giving a fake a laugh that sounded more like an anguished cry. she said. His hand brushed her cheek and Paige felt warm. she said as she got up. Wyatt told Paige that his favorite pictures are the ones that captured the small moments: family gatherings, kids playing on the streets, and the typical ones with friends posing in front of a camera smiling. Wyatt especially loved bringing his work back home. Paige remembered in particular the two of them sitting on the couch. Smiling, he straightened up on the couch and told Paige to take a look at his camera. Paige cried, struggling to move away from him. And so after a struggle that lasted a good fifteen minutes, Paige smiled as Wyatt placed his cheek against her head and grinned happily as he took a snapshot of the two of them. It was the other's presence that made things better. Tom crashed at the apartment, but Paige's welcome was hardly warm. Tom didn't get it and the only thing he could think of as an excuse for his buddy was that California just changed him. Besides, Paige wasn't so bad after all. With Wyatt, while it was just the two of them, ordering take out was out of the picture. In the end, Wyatt took over and Paige followed his lead around the kitchen. Meanwhile Christmas Eve was spent walking around town with Wyatt taking pictures and then doing last minute grocery shopping. For the next four years, little things changed. Still, one thing always remained the same from that first year. Wyatt's presence in Paige's life resulted in Paige opening herself up to those around her. But as Wyatt introduced craziness into her life, Paige found herself bonding with her colleagues by talking about Wyatt. With Wyatt, one had to look at the small things. And the same was still true. If anything Paige made him appreciate life all the more. Deep down it bothered Paige a little each time he went out with another new girl. Then Alexis came into the picture and Paige soon realized her feelings were much more than just disappointment. Wyatt took pictures of her, captivated by her soft beauty, curly auburn hair, snowy skin that seemed to glow, and a look of contentment as she scribbled away lyrics on her pad. Paige ended up sleeping on the couch, waiting for his return, and feeling a bit worried because he didn't call her to tell her where he was (and she didn't want to call him and seemed like a worry wart). After being together for two weeks, Wyatt brought back Alexis for Paige to meet. About six months into their relationship, Alexis began to feel uncomfortable with Wyatt's relationship with Paige. It was then that Alexis started to look at Paige a bit differently, that she seemed to be more than a best friend to Wyatt. As weeks passed, Alexis noticed things more and more. The more Alexis fell in love with Wyatt, the more she wanted to be the person Wyatt turned to in his times of need. Alexis continued. On the surface, the words comforted her. Whenever Wyatt couldn't find something of his, he would complain about not having his own room. he said. he said. And she felt the fear finally washing over her and knew at that moment, everything changed. There was so much she wanted to say, but the words could never leave her throat. Their goodbye was short, impersonal. She missed him and she wanted him to stay. Whether that part of him was the caring, friend part he didn't really know. Yet, the idea that she loved him made her hate herself. At least that's what she kept making herself believe. Just when she was next to him, Wyatt's hand suddenly shot up and grabbed a hold of her ankle. People ask them what makes their friendship work. But she saw him again after all those years at work. When he saw her, he came up to her as if they had no past connection other than the fact that they went to the same college. That night, she got very drunk. He went on to call Alexis, who, he knew, wasn't going to be happy with the change of plans. The trip back to her apartment took longer than expected. she revealed. rambled Paige. Wyatt didn't know what to say. Wyatt muttered. By the time Wyatt went back out to the living room, Paige had fallen asleep. Lifting her from the couch, he took her to her room and tucked her into bed. Alexis confronted him with the question the moment he returned to the apartment. It was only seconds, the moment that changed everything. 'But not the way you should be loved". Almost instantly Paige could tell something was wrong. Paige didn't know what to say. To outside viewers, things seemed to be back to normal between Paige and Wyatt. Truth was Paige was afraid to have things return to the past, where it would just be the two of them. And while Paige did all she could to seem normal, Wyatt knew the truth. So Wyatt did his best to play along with Paige's ruse. He believed that if he just took his time, Paige would finally come around. It was his frustration that finally did it, but the frustration was caused by Paige's fear once again. But he didn't expect her to bring another friend, a new teacher who worked with her, along to their outing. He didn't say anything the whole afternoon. he quietly said. Paige nervously swallowed, shaking her head and doing her best to avoid his eyes. he ordered. he whispered and he leaned in. She should have pushed him away, but she couldn't think. Paige didn't answer nor could she look at him. Paige's hands grasped the white invitation, creasing the perfect cardboard the words were printed on. Paige opened her eyes, once again facing the invitation. Yet, did he want her there? Each night, Paige cried herself to sleep despite telling herself millions of times how she was doing the right thing. That was what she was doing as she examined the invitation. 'Wyatt,' Paige thought, a small smile touching her lips. Paige turned the camera over in her hand, her mind indulging in Wyatt memories once more. Then she found herself walking, taking in everything around her. Paige didn't know how long it was she walked, but suddenly she was at a park, about an hour walk from her place. It wasn't until she was further in the park that Paige came across an empty bench that stared out to the little pond of ducks. So this was Wyatt felt when he took pictures. After, Wyatt would probably want to go and feed the ducks. Paige shook her head, growing frustrated with her thoughts. It was an elderly man and an elderly woman, slowly walking up the grass toward the cemented path. A whirling noise came from the camera and Paige tore her eyes away from the couple to the camera. Paige felt a big smile stretching across her face while she felt the tears blurring her vision. Her hand gripped the camera as Paige raced through the park and finally onto the sidewalk. Paige didn't realize how long it took her until she was able to return to the convenience store to retrieve the photos. Somehow she made it to the gallery, but by the time she reached it, people were gathering outside already. Paige stood in the middle, her eyes taking in the exhibit. Paige began to walk down the room, glancing at the pictures, remembering each moment when Wyatt gave them for her. The exhibit was arranged in which the photographs and wall spiraled to end in the middle. It was their picture, the one he forced her to take so long ago. Paige turned around, and there was Wyatt, dressed in a dark pants and a white dress shirt. She took one more step and then she was before him. The smile on Wyatt's face was slowly widening with teach word she said. Author's Note: I'm back! So again thank you for everything. Anyway, so I'm back. Again, thank you for reading this and hopefully it wasn't too bad. Author's Note: Don't you hate it when you have an idea for a story but that idea is something that happens in the middle of it. It all started when I was five. The last one had a huge impact on me. I'm eighteen now, I just graduated about three months ago and I still live in London with David. I've only made a few friends since I've been here. Keira and I have been inseparable for twelve or thirteen years ever since Irene and my mom took us to the same park. You're probably wondering who 'him' is…and who I am. Regardless, I threw my magazine at Brandon. Brandon said walking closer to where I was sitting. The place was pretty much packed with people from local colleges who were trying to dance and drink away the early college stress. I was miserable, and I don't know why. You know that song, Barbie Girl? Guys are pigs. I liked him. Authors Note…again: I have a ton of ideas for this story. Description: An American boy, Ryan McFallon (18), is sent off to Japan to avoid the war. Note: Not meant to take place in strictly modern times. The American economy crashed. And I didn't. . Well, that's what was happening to me at this very moment. The band on stage had started a slow song, with a soft, catchy melody and lyrics that everyone in the audience seemed to know by heart. The lead singer was who my eyes landed on first. I watched the way he moved, the way his fingers maneuvered gracefully up and down the neck of his guitar, the way his lips formed the lyrics to the song as he stepped towards the microphone every now and then, to sing back-up vocals, his long black hair falling in thick curtains around his beautiful face. From the corner of my eye I could see my best friend, Tina, jumping up and down, colliding with the people around her with every jump, her hand high up in the air and her lips forming the lyrics to the song. I was told later that the band played for almost two hours, but all I can remember is, even after the second encore, not wanting it to end. Then I turned to look at Tina, smiling happily. She laughed and rolled her eyes at me, knowing that I remembered. I started feeling nervous now, because I knew there was no talking her out of this. So. She started screaming in excitement, jumping up and down, and making plans for what we were to do after the gig. . I asked, chuckling. When my laughter faded away, I fell silent, thinking about what I was about to do. I told her, without having to think about it. I muttered distractedly while rummaging through my bag for my eyeliner. . After using the bathroom and fixing our faces, we made our way towards the bar again. I remembered it like it was yesterday. . Not Mike's – Mik's. I told her firmly. Tina looked thoughtful now, the mortified expression fading away. I nodded. I blurted out, laughing so hard that some wine came out of my nose. I looked at her like she was insane. I just shrugged. I thought about it. I couldn't. Tina was talking again, and I forced myself to pay attention, not really wanting to hear what she had to say anymore. I felt myself blush, but my imagination was suddenly running free. Tina said suddenly, grabbing my hand and my attention. I asked, the corners of my mouth twitching. I nodded. . . You might see some inconsistencies in the plot and character details and personalities throughout the story, because again, I've edited some chapters but not all. Sorry about the inconvenience! I silently cursed under my breath, running a frustrated hand through my messy hair, and resisted the urge to start tapping my foot impatiently. I sighed and leaned against the wall, my bleary eyes too heavy to open much longer. I glanced down at the wristwatch on my hand. My sister. My hair was a plain dark brown and, having been denied the privilege of L'Oreal and Garnier, I used simple shampoos and conditioners. Lorraine was the sole reason for my lack of friends at school. Instead, I was confronted by a tall Goth that was casually drying his black hair on towel. 'What the hell' was the biggest understatement of my life. I looked from 'Jay' to my sister in surprise – did they know each other? she continued, ignoring my question and raising her voice so I could clearly hear her as she walked down the hall. in the morning. too. me? from my hands. swallow. licking, and nibbling. someone's spell or a drug. didn't"? followed my tongue's progress. fiction. Ten days before he promised that he'd buy me the biggest keg he could find and my very own male stripper. The world didn't stop. They ditched school and work for a snow day. Pissed at the rush hour traffic. His so-called parents never even bothered to show their faces. You would think that someone that just suffered from a life and death situation would be thankful. He should have been thankful for the second chance. This wasn't the same asshole who tortured me through out my childhood. I was immediately shoved out and a crash cart replaced me by his side. But his chiseled features still showed through. I missed. It should have been awkward. I knew better, I knew that I was probably hurting him, but a part of me didn't care. he said with a nervous laugh. He leaned up so that our mouths were only inches apart. This time, I smiled triumphantly as I leaned in for another kiss. COPYRIGHT: According to the United States Copyright Office, a copyright is secured automatically when the work is created. WARNING: The actions and/or views of the following characters are far different from those of the author. SPECIAL THANKS: To all my reviewers, for wonderful feedback and constructive criticism. I glared into his fierce eyes. I hissed twice. He was the latest addition to our dreary suburban neighborhood. I strolled across the street to my house and planted my feet firmly on the first few rungs of the trellis that led up to my bedroom. To the rest of the school,  was merely a girl named Annabelle Jones, no label included. I did what any normal teenager would do. At least that's what I would've liked to have said. Because, at night—when the pretty heads of my classmates dented the contours of fluffy pillows, and when the seduction of sleep was powerful enough to force eyelids closed—I, Annabelle Jones, was fighting a war. I needed to be harsh. I never used to be this violent, you know. Now they know where I live. I bet you all think I'm crazy. Through my fingers, I saw his head turn slightly towards me. I squirmed in my seat and started to think of multiple ways I could pull off a successful attempt at suicide in a classroom. I folded a piece of paper in half and brought it under the desk, quickly slashing it against the edge of my arm four times. Don't you hate all the teenage drama? A/N: Well, this is slightly different to what I usually right. Tricked, Humiliated And ClaimedSarah Allen, Slayer of the Shadow Defenders positioned herself on the roof of the entrance. There was a small grating sound coming from the doors as they were slowly pushed open. a rich voice snickered. Brody shouted and they all started fire at point-blank range. She was so screwed now! She clicked her fingers and fire spread around him. Sarah flinched. Sarah tried to recall all her training as she fired the first shot. She looked over her shoulder to see the male vampire running after her, not using his super agility to catch up. The vampire smiled until it wasn't a smile at all, but an arrangement of long sharp fangs. he teased, leaning down to flick his tongue against her neck. Ten humans! Sarah raised an eyebrow, unsure of what he was going to do but placed her hand in his. he said in a bored tone. Sarah stood up slowly, finally realising what time it was. There was one exception to the Shadow Defenders. He didn't want to make her feel worse by saying it was, instead he simply shrugged and ushered her into the car. The Chrysler stopped in front of a heavily bared gate as it opened and then drove through. The two got out and the garage closed behind them as they walked to the mansion. Sarah placed her hands in her lap and laced her fingers together. The Master stopped as he looked at her gloved hand - the right one. Her? Mitchell looked stumped. Sarah fell back on her mattress and stared up at the moon where it was visible through her open window. Sarah was gob-smacked. he started. The fucking bastard tricked me! Sarah gritted her teeth. she seethed and grabbed the first thing on her bedside table, which happened to be her diary that she wrote in every night and threw it at him. Sarah was too shocked to say a thing. Sarah made a face. and I left without a further word. heck are you doing in my house! At Oak Ridge Academy, the two most common sayings that I ever heard were; don't hate the player, hate the game and hate the sin, love the sinner. A pair of hands snaked around Hannah's waist and started to suck her neck. Hannah looked at the mirror on my locker and placed her hand over the new strawberry mark on her neck a. All the girls giggled except for Hannah and especially me. I left the lunch room along with my sports bag. Charlie and I never got along he was another player but he was worse than Ryan. I scoffed and stepped back away from him. I kept on moaning, I could feel myself getting damp. After I ran laps I walked out into the hallway cautiously, I felt like I was entering the enemy's territory. Hannah was like my mom at school, she always wanted to know where I was. Trent released Hannah and stared at me. Mitch released my arms and crossed his. Hannah and I head back to our dorm and sat down onto the sofa. Ryan and his hound dogs were walking and talking about some stupid game they were playing next weekend. His face looked different from the last time I saw him. After I said that I walked off in a huff leaving Serena. When that bitch Leah Richards turned up with Serena I was fuming inside, she thought she could fucking turn up and smile at me after what her brother did? I spat out. I was more than pissed now; she started to walk off smirking. When she said that all of my boys were shocked and I knew that she had crossed the line. Once I reached my dorm, I dumped my bag on the kitchen counter and continued to make my way into the bedroom. I didn't want to stay there much longer so I grabbed the glass of water and headed back into my room. She was about to get up but I stopped her and she glared at me. I felt her struggle underneath me, so pushed my other hand down to her thigh, I felt her thigh lifting up so I forcefully pushed her legs so she couldn't move anymore. I was so lost in the kiss I forgot what I was supposed to be doing, my other hand trailed up her leg until I reached her underwear, I felt the juncture between her legs getting damp so I rubbed my hand near the opening of her clit, she moaned so I took that opportunity to slip my tongue into her mouth and explored. He left then I turned back to her, my hand was still rubbing against her and I could see that she was tired and ready for me. I locked my bedroom from the outside so she doesn't get any surprises during the night. Bridget said dismissingly. I pointed out incredulously. I said through clenched teeth. Tiff asked as I fiddled with her stations. Tiffany gushed. I smiled even though just the thought of it made me feel slightly sick to my stomach. Trey was my first real boyfriend and already I was confused and frustrated and generally didn't feel good about myself when it came to him. I nodded feeling abit self conscious about my not quite shoulder length hair. I asked cheerfully. Julianne said solemnly. she said her face one of innocence. he asked with a smile. Chloe added,  I choked and lifted my head to stare at her. he said sounding a bit amused,  he drawled. I looked around shocked. she said flatly. I said with a tight smile. she said in this fake chirpy voice while flipping her hair over her shoulder. See, in Grade 9, Bridget heard about the Pink Panthers. A deep male voice asked from behind me. Which wasn't that difficult since he hung out with the 'bad' crowd and I was too much of a wimp to even walk through their hall. I stood up when a warm hand was placed on my shoulder and I was pretty much forced gently back into my seat. No one else seemed bothered by the sudden drop in temperature so I decided it was probably in my best interest to keep it to myself. "Aww, she's so polite, isn't that cute? I told her and we made the arrangements with people making comments about how crazy/sick/out of this world the party was going to be. I said with a forced smile. she said hooking her arm through mine and beginning to walk. she said amused while looking at me as if daring me to tell her that I was the one who couldn't take a joke. I gave up and turned my head away so I wouldn't have to look into her hurt face. Bridget asked gripping my arm as Missy neared. She looked at me confusion on her face and I felt my face begin to heat up as the silence grew. she spat out. With that she actually spun on her heel and flounced out of the cafeteria. And this might be a bit sick, but I was sort of glad that she was mad. Note: this will be very cliched. We barely knew each other. A boy's gruff voice said while I was squatting, trying to find my English notes. She said with a grin. I cut her off. He said. He said, eye brow raised. I stated. He said casually. I said, gesturing to the popular girls in the corner. I muttered. He said. I told my friends what happened and they had heart attacks. Sage said with a little grin. I said, still frowning. I mumbled. He said. East. I threw the map down in frustration and looked up to see the very street I'd been searching for. I cleared my throat. I had sat in that cold, stale conference room watching as members of the school board filed in and stared at the three of us who would inevitably be on the chopping block. God forbid they would cut sports, I'd thought bitterly as I cleaned out my desk later, students trickling in to say goodbye and a few teachers, heads low, wishing me luck. The gate in front of me gave a loud buzz and began to swing open. I rang the doorbell, listening to its sonorous tones reverberate through the house inside. I stepped inside, trying to keep from appearing too in awe of the grandiose scene that met my eyes. I swallowed; concerned that I had no idea who this Mr. Carmichael was considering she spoke of him as though I did. We passed the stairs and continued through the room toward a long hallway lined with framed photos of men whose names I didn't have time to read. I swallowed again, wondering what on earth I'd gotten myself into. I took a deep breath and moved to sit in one of the high backed leather chairs adjacent to the desk, crossing and uncrossing my legs as I waited for my mysterious interviewer. The door creaked open and I stood quickly to greet the young woman that approached me. The woman smiled at me, seemingly pleased with my answer. Carolyn went on,  She smiled again. We passed through a large arched wall and into the living room. Through the open plan of the room we walked into the kitchen, which at this point surprised me very little to find it could have been in a magazine spread of designer kitchens. The man still sitting at the island cleared his throat then and looked pointedly at Carolyn. I was brought back into the situation as Charlie pulled his hand from mine and sat back down. It was an uncomfortable question, both for me and Elle. I laughed but immediately stopped when Carolyn didn't join in. I grinned. Charlie laughed. Ive looked at clouds from both sides nowFrom up and down, and still somehowIts cloud illusions I recallI really dont know clouds at all. . of me: Dr. Jason Krentz. Yorker harbours. make conversation with her! self. thought: what the hell? "11th floor studio apartment. $6,000/month. around noon the next day. papers. to console myself, right? falling onto my face. mass murderer. be so perky. radiator. chairs. not really caring which of us it was directed at. I looked up at him and raised my eyebrows. He murmured something else absentmindedly as he continued working on the tiramisu in front of him. I had grown up about an hour's drive outside of Bollinger, so of course I had heard of this town. Apprehensive was more like it, especially after the conversation I just had with my brother. Our neighbors? She was about my height and size, brunette, and very pretty. For the first time, I realized that she was wearing a classic schoolgirl's uniform. Alaina suddenly smiled, although only briefly. I followed her out of the apartment, locking the door behind me and putting the key around my neck. I opened the passenger door and followed suit. I looked out the window at the hedges and the trees that we were passing. It really was. Alaina smiled at my response. We walked up the steps to the arch that marked the entrance of the school. We walked up the rest of the steps to the arch entranceway. he stood up walked to the front of the desk. I looked around the room, and noticed that everything about the room seemed to come at me like an Edgar Allen Poe story. I blinked, surprised at this piece of information, although I couldn't pinpoint why. I looked up just in time to catch the gazes of the two of them. His face remained impassive and cool as he took in what I was wearing. I could tell that everyone was surprised by that. For a moment, they both looked at each other before both quickly turning away. As they left, I watched them carefully. I wondered if they were friends, acquaintances, enemies? She was right, of course. A.N. To begin, I should mention that this piece was never meant to be anything more than a quick fix for my romance story starved brain. Now, in the soft shadows of pink and orange hues that cut across the sky as the sun slowly rose in the early morning hours, the pristine white sheet that covered the land glimmered, soft and ethereal. She sighed heavily, setting the cup down on a darkly stained wooden stand that stood next to the window, and crossed her arms beneath her chest, ignoring the tugging sensation she felt in her stomach. She supposed, in a way, she could always blame her older brother. But then, she had been the one that Grayson had called every Thursday when he had been sent away to war. She sighed again, noticing the time on the grandfather clock in the corner of the living room and moved from the window. She stopped in front of his front door, her hand lifted, momentarily suspended as she paused in her movements. He lay on his back, the dark sheet tangled low on his naked hips, the beautifully sharp angles of his hips tantalizing against the black of the bed sheet. She sighed softly, her hands resting on her jean clad thighs. But she had been unprepared against the smoldering heat of his gaze whenever he looked at her since his return from war, those brown eyes intense and dark. she said, the endearment tumbling from her lips before she could stop it, and she shook him again, harder this time. His sudden grin surprised her, wholly masculine and too enticing for her fast beating heart to handle. He sighed, allowing her slide off of him and he nearly groaned from the contact. He scanned the floor around the bed, looking for his jeans, and her eyes roamed over his body hungrily. 'I think you were," he murmured, and she narrowed her eyes at him, turning her head. he said as his fingers slipped beneath the thin underwear she wore. he murmured into her ear, licking lightly at her ear lobe. he asked her as he rolled her nipple between his fingers, and she did, hot and hard and long. Her mouth fell open and she pushed her hips hard against his hand, forcing his fingers deeper. she exclaimed then squealed softly as he rammed his fingers deeply into her. He pulled his fingers from her, slipping them into his mouth, one after the other, and she moaned weakly as she rested against him, a soft smile on her face. His deep laughter echoed throughout the apartment. Even her brother had noticed the sexual tension that simmered between them at the Sunday lunch, glancing back and forth from his best friend to his younger sister, his eyes widening when he saw the bite marks on her neck, before grinning knowingly. Smiling softly, ignoring the heat that consumed her body, she waited for him to return from work. She waited another fifteen minutes, sipping hot tea at her kitchen table. He was shirtless, trousers riding low on his hips, and barefoot. he said, his voice low and sensual. she mumbled, kissing down his chest, his stomach, her tongue skimming across the smooth flesh. she murmured before taking him into her mouth. she gasped into his ear before trapping his earlobe between her lips. she whispered and pulled away from him. He had never known she could behave so wantonly, and he was reminded of how much of an enigma she really was. His move. She pulled into the hospital parking lot, quickly locating a space for her car. She grabbed the plastic container and her purse, shivering lightly beneath her sweater as she hurried across the parking lot. Grayson said, coming up behind Jordan without warning. Mrs. Ashe said, waving Jordan off. she said, placing the hot container in front of him. Carol had been Grayson's first patient, a vivacious woman in her early 50's. Jordan asked him as he finished his pasta. Jordan whispered, mortified. he declared arrogantly. she said, and then she left, leaving Grayson to deal with the sputtering older woman. She sighed softly, stretching her body, turning the water off with her foot, the water rippling over sensitive skin. It seemed strange that Grayson should want her. 'Grayson! 'Move up a bit, would you"? he said softly, his thumbs smoothing over the soft skin of her stomach. She turned in his arms, her legs wrapping around his narrow hips, hugging him to her. His arms wrapped around her, holding her tightly, and she offered him the only comfort she could. He closed the short distance between them, his mouth meeting hers, cataclysmic, desire pulsing through his veins like liquid flames. Silently, she nodded and he kissed her again, hard and hot, allowing her to feel the desire that swelled within him, before pushing her away. he asked, his eyes like molten chocolate as he looked at her. he growled softly into her ear and she shivered against him. He pulled away, his eyes meeting hers, smoldering, molten, and she couldn't look away. He tugged gently, pulling her face away from his stomach. Gently, he pulled his arm from behind her and she nestled into the bed, her hands rubbing his shoulders, pushing through his hair. Slowly, he pulled away, positioning himself so that he was over her, his hips pressed tightly against hers, bearing his weight on his forearms. His hips met hers in a wild frenzy as he slammed into her, trying to push himself in as deep as he could. he growled into her ear as he picked her up, her legs wrapped tightly around him, and he slammed her against the wall next to the bed. She felt the cold wall on her back, his thrusts pushing her higher, could feel his mouth hot against her neck, sucking and biting and then she was coming, her body tightening so beautifully, gasping as the orgasm tore through her, one hand pressed against the smoldering flesh of his back, the other tangling in the strands of his hair, holding his head to her. He lowered her to the bed, coming down to lie on top of her, their hips pressed tightly together. she said softly, smiling gently as his eyes darkened. His hips rotated against hers, his thrusts lazy as he kissed her, his hand traveling her body, caressing and stroking. She tightened against him, her orgasm building slowly until it crested, and she was coming around him, all hot and wet and tight. he murmured, pressing light kisses on the corner of her mouth. A/N: This is purely a work of fiction. Congratulations. Keep in mind that you have applied for Cadetship, you have applied for four years of enlisted service. Since then, the Armed Guards Academy has been erected to do the job that James Laurel did himself 58 years ago. The Academy receives approximately 3,678 applications to enter the prestigious Academy per year, and less than one percent of the received applications go through to be approved by the General. Ever wanted to fly a cool fighter jet? Watched CSI? This is one of the most prestigious programs that recruits have the chance to participate in. Squeezing between the two of them I put my coat on and slipped into a pair of Vans, but I was still the last one out of the house. I shook my head, stuck my hands in my pockets, and followed dad and Luke in, Jamie trailing somewhere behind. behind me. Disclaimer: I don't own Heroes, 'Save the Cheerleader', or Ben Affleck. This is from Gavin's perspective. Can't stand her, in fact. It gets better. And it never works. I don't look like someone who would appreciate her efforts, okay? The first couple of times she said  in that ridiculously cheerful voice as we headed off to class, I tried to let her down gently. Well, for some reason, that didn't deter her. Which brings me to the Halloween of my senior year, following a good two and a half years of solid venom. I know. Anyway, the only person that ever seemed to rub her the wrong way was me. So it's All Hallows Eve, and the normal college kids are off getting baked at some party or another. So I'm standing in front of my door, marveling at her capacity for idiocy, and she's trying to push these guys from our 'Domesticity and Social Sciences' class (they only took it to meet naïve freaks like her) out into the hall. Her voice carries over, and I hear enough to figure out that the bastards are giving her a hard time. But I've already yanked him away from her. Unfortunately for Katie, that one good punch did very little to release the fury that had been building in me ever since I realized she was in trouble. And she's just standing there, looking bewildered and uncertain and way, way too grateful. Sadly enough, it wasn't that bad, and I ended up eating a lot of chips and drinking a lot of the promised punch. I'm having this internal debate as the guests start petering away and clean up begins (no decorative candle-holders in sight, by the way, but a rather questionable frog incense burner). When we come up for air she's still grinning (can you smile as you kiss someone? she begins conversationally, and this isn't a good sign at all. Anyway, it seemed like a nice thing to do, since she enjoyed it so much, so I kiss her again. Save the fricking cheerleader. But I guess it's not so bad. Sunlight filtered through the slated windows of the art room, causing dust motes in the air to sparkle like fairy dust. Valerian Kimble had never liked that painting, though everyone else had always seemed to. Val's head jerked up at the teacher's stern shriek. James' seat mate could barely contain himself. He sat in the back of the room where the light was the worst, with stringy black hair and glasses that didn't suit his angular face. He was doubled over his desk, sketching with wide, fluid motions that didn't match the rest of his body. Suddenly, his eyes rose, locking with hers. It was. Val could feel those strange eyes boring into her shoulder blades and shivered. She barely noticed when Lisa suddenly stiffened beside her. Val didn't have to look to know who she meant. Lisa whispered. While Lisa was exclaiming over the paint splotches she had allegedly gotten on her new pants, Val stormed to the back room to store her painting in the file cabinet. She put the painting in her folder, closing the cabinet door. . A hand fell on her bare shoulder, eliciting a yelp from the red-haired girl. His voice was deep and soft, like a square of folded velvet and that smile. Her smile faltered in response as he casually leaned against the cabinet door. Her voice died in her throat at the sound of his laughter. He caught her wrists easily, holding them over her head with one hand. He leaned closer, so close that she could feel his warm breath tickling her cheek,  He smelled like cedar wood and peppermint. A second later, the graphics design teacher, Mr. Fujiyama jerked the boy away from her, keeping his arms behind his back. A lot of controversy erupted over the issue — mostly local — because of the fact that he was over eighteen and she was still a minor. A/n: So here it is, the rewrite! chance – it was his chance to try to make Jessie like him. Imagine it. the answer. Humility. Humility. I turned my head slightly and let out a whoosh of air between my parted lips. came his relaxed, joking voice before I felt his body heat mingling with my skin. I cut myself off when I saw what he was holding. He crushed it in his hand in a beat. I chirped. he said, referring to his cousin. My lips curled but I quelled the reaction down. He looked thoughtful. Despite myself, I smiled. I swerved a little on my feet and I turned my head away from him. he shrugged. His eyes twinkled and an irresistible smile filled his features. I turned a corner of the hallway and stood still before shaking myself and breathed out to regain my senses. I took in a shaky breath and made my way upstairs for some privacy; something I'd hope to achieve outside, but fell futile when he appeared. he said, his voice surprised before he recovered. I said shortly. he pointed out. My facial expression didn't betray my thoughts. he murmured and I felt my heart thud painfully, reminding me of something important that always seemed to slip from my mind. I said, already standing up. he said, sounding too close. I said easily, my eyes flickering back and forth. I didn't say anything because it was true. I didn't need to because someone walked past us, giving me just enough time to yank my hand and turn my heel. He scrunched his face cutely and nodded. he yelled over his shoulder before disappearing off somewhere. Keisha happened to be my best friend. We were both generally sarcastic to other people. But at the same time, little things made us opposites. I looked up and saw Keisha's aunt smiling warmly at me. I said sourly. Her aunt made sounds of understanding, but I wasn't sure if she believed me. I felt my heart leap to my throat and I absolutely froze in shock when I heard those words. he said bluntly. I stared at the crowd of people. I grew silent, silently thinking of an acceptable answer to that. I sucked in a breath and stood up. He scoffed, not bothering with the jokes. He grew silent. he suddenly said. I shot him a curious look, even when I tried stopping myself. Wide-eyed, I looked up at him. I said breathlessly. He shrugged, fingering something in his pocket as well. I breathed out lowly. he said, his voice slightly hesitant. I did and he gently placed it around my neck and locked it from the back. The screen door suddenly slammed opened and Keisha stepped out with a bright smile on her beautiful face. I had taken huge steps back when I first heard the door open. Still smiling, I walked over to her, the pendant heavy on my neck, before I engulfed her into a hug. I said. My face softened a little but settled easily when his eyes flickered to my face. He looked at my hand before slowly lifting his own. He grasped my hand and shook once and I felt fire. Author's note: I haven't written anything in a long time and I just started typing this after a got a tugging feeling every time I heard Jesse McCartney's Just So You Know. I sighed, the hands now creeping their way under my skirt seeming like a distant memory. My brow furrowed in confusion. Those hands that had been gripping my knees began to slither higher, and I panicked. A rough hand covered my mouth and forced me to lay flat once again. Alarm bells went off in my head and even barely conscious, I managed to bite the hand that covered my mouth. I tried to squeeze my thighs together, but it was no use; the dark haired guy had found his target and much to my mortification, he began rubbing his thumb up and down my panties. While his friend's strokes roughened, Richard forced my cotton tank top up to my collarbone and began touching my breasts again. Richard looked at me, a smirk on his face and I knew all hope was lost. It was hard to believe that this was happening to me. I heard an angry voice and suddenly cool air washed over me when I was released. Richard demanded, attempting to force me to my feet. an angry voice shouted and instinctively I shied away from it, forgetting about the cruel grip biting into my wrist. Tears welled in my eyes and I felt desperation clogging my throat. Hazel eyes that I was used to seeing mischief and foolery in were now clouded with concern for me. His gentle grip on my cheeks fell to my shoulders, and then tenderly pulled down my shirt which I had forgotten was leaving my bra fully exposed. What did happen? He didn't say it, but I knew what he was asking. Jake stared at me for a long moment and then sighed again. The room was doing slow revolutions. He carried me out of the room, stopping to slide my skirt back on me, his knuckles skimming their way up my body accidently. I knew he was right, but everything around me was hazy, my head felt as though it had detached from my body, and I wasn't sure what was real and what was a part of the drug induced stupor that had become my terrible night. Text copyright © 2010 by S.C. StephensAll Rights Reserved. Greetings! There was a chill in the air. All in all, it was not the night to be out and about. Jessica Marie, as her family insisted on calling her, was suffering from more than just a sodden foot and slightly wet trench coat. So, he'd shattered her heart as she'd shattered her favorite vase. Jessie's second best friend laughed heartily. While April was generally just a hair behind Harmony on the best friend scale, at hearing her laugh, Jessie thought about moving her good friend back a position, to bestie number three. The dance club that Jessie was being dragged to was right in the heart of downtown Denver, so the dolled up girls had to pass a good helping of beggars and homeless people to get to the door. Her bad feelings were stripped away from her as Harmony stripped the jacket off her shoulders. Jessie sighed, adjusting her short, black club dress while April hugged the perky blonde collecting money and waved everyone to follow her into the throngs. Harmony glanced at April shaking her ass with some random guy, then smiled back at Jess and nodded to the far end of the packed-with-people room. Harmony led her to a fifteen foot bar, the dark wood chipped and damaged from years of drunken abuse. He grinned, nodded, and started pouring them shots of a dark liquid, covered with a light creamy liquor. Three more rounds later, the girls finally went to find April on the dance floor. Giggling in delight, April squealed at seeing her two friends back in her midst. Grabbing her girlfriends' hands, she pulled them back to the bar for another round. The next several hours went much the same way - finding a group of guys to dance sexily with on the floor, then ducking out to grab some more shots. Jessie was pleasantly buzzing, laughing with her friends at the bar, when she felt a set of eyes on her. There was an intriguing blend of ethnicities there that her buzzed brain couldn't quite place – a mixture of Caucasian, Latin, Asian, or maybe even Puerto Rican? He blinked and looked down, almost as if he'd finally realized that they'd been staring at each other for while. She bit her lip as the beautiful boy kept his eyes on the table, a small smile on him. Laughing that the most attractive guy in the club was actually being a little shy with her, she twisted around to order a couple shots. Her friends laughed and immediately, and not subtly, checked him out. Throwing her friends a warning glance, Jessie started stumbling her way over to him. Strong arms were around her waist as she squealed in surprise. Jessie pulled her eyes from his, her languid head remembering the awkward situation that she'd gotten herself in. Not understanding, he only smiled at her and gently released her from his arms. She handed him the drink, or what was left of it, since some had splashed onto the floor during her scuffle and was now resting in a pool by his shoes. They touched glasses and Jessie watched as he closed those marvelous orbs and swished back the drink. He looked over her flush, his smile captivating. Jessie smiled at the excuse to grab his hand. Jessie smiled widely at the unattached, beautiful man in front of her. He smiled and willingly allowed her to lead him. He winced a bit as the strong liquid burned through him. His tropical eyes never leaving her face, she placed one leg strategically between his. As the music and other gyrating bodies danced around them, she let herself get lost in those absorbing eyes. It was brief, a bare brushing of soft lip against soft lip. She noted his eyes closing fractionally as they continued slowly moving against the other. When his eyes reopened, Jessie could see the desire in them. Her hand grabbed a handful of his hair, shifting his mouth so she could feel all of his tongue sliding against hers. She moaned in his mouth, running her other hand up his shirt. He brought her lips back to his, the hand from her cheek, slipping to her breast. His mouth dropped open at her words and she took the opportunity to playfully press her finger against his tongue. Pushing his chest back, they panted at each other, a foot apart. Jessie sighed, her body not wanting a concerned conversation at the moment. Harmony looked over her shoulder, like she was looking for the hot guy. Jessie was assaulted from behind, arms going around her waist and a head of dark hair nestling on her shoulder. Not needing a voice of reason at the moment, Jessie cut Harmony off. Harmony still looked unconvinced, but seemed torn on what to do. Moving to walk away, Jessie's arm was surprisingly grabbed by April. Confused, Jessie unfolded her hand. Harmony watched her leave then looked back at Jessie. Jessie sighed and rolled her eyes. He was standing with his back to her, his hands in his jean's pockets and his shoulders bunched up like he was really cold, even in his thick, dark jacket. He smiled when he saw her, desire and relief that she'd shown, clear on his face. It was the longest couple of blocks that she'd ever walked with someone. Just as she was considering pulling him into an alley and having him service her right there, he pulled her to a flight of steps leading to an apartment complex. His jacket in one hand, he pulled her out of the elevator when it dinged open. Her high head not feeling the embarrassment that normally would have given her, she unzipped his pants and ran her hand inside. He laughed deep in his throat and attacked her mouth. He took a moment to enjoy the sight of her scantily dressed body, her black bra and underwear matching the heels that she was still wearing, then he popped off his shoes and pushed down his jeans. Looking around, she noted that his apartment was a studio, he literally slept in the living room, and they were safely on a mattress in the middle of the floor. She groaned at feeling that hardness firmly pressed against her, the scant silk of her underwear barely separating their needy flesh. She tucked her hands behind her and popped open the bra; it took a couple tries with her numb fingers. A deep groan rumbling in his chest, his lips started heading south. Her liquored head not feeling the slightest bit embarrassed, she pushed his head again, urging him to keep going. His mouth dropped open in a pant, then he settled himself between her thighs. That marvelous tongue in that beautiful boy's mouth brought her right to the edge of release. She used whatever parts of her body she could to bring him to the edge. Their hips moved together automatically, building to a rhythm that was increasing in speed and intensity. As she came down, he sat up under her, grabbing her thighs and pushing her up and over. As he breathed heavily in her ear, she trailed her fingers through his dark hair. Jessie continued her voyeurism, feeling and watching the way his body moved as he rocked above her. He let it trail off and she grabbed his head, bringing his eyes back to hers. He groaned, his beautiful face breaking into a look that men only got when they were about to release. Feeling him, hearing him, the eroticism of the moment hit her all at once, slamming her into a sudden climax, and she started coming for a second time. Jayden Wilde looked at the brunette standing in front of him with tearful eyes. Chyna shook her head in disbelief. The words hit her hard. A/N: My dear readers. in your closet moping". they just"! what's your name girlie"? Wow, have I really not been on here for two years? I was out of my fetal position on my bed and at the door in a heartbeat. Seth said with a laugh, his eyebrows crinkling in amusement. Seth laughed. I glowered at him, looking between him and the door in confusion. He laughed and stood up. I scoffed, but nevertheless obeyed, sprawling myself out on the bed. he said, making himself comfortable in the corner. It may seem strange to most people. You would think it would sound like the start of a romantic relationship. I asked as the previews started rolling. I said, snuggling against him. I shifted my position slightly, contemplating. His face dropped, and for a second I felt bad. I instantly heard something clatter to the ground, followed by a muffled  and a moment later a grouchy Seth opened the door, his hair all mussed as if he hadn't touched it all day, and he was cradling his foot as if he had just stubbed his toe. I raised my eyebrows at him. I reminded him, a snap in my voice that betrayed my displeasure. he said, looking at his lap instead of me. My heart was suffering from a war of conflicting emotions, and I shoved them all into a neutral zone. I said, forcing sympathy into my voice. he started to defend automatically, his voice loud, angry and protective, his eyes jumping up to meet my gaze angrily. He smiled sadly. I leaned across him to grab the remote. he said, his voice somehow changed. A tremor ran through my body as I turned my head in his general direction, but still I couldn't raise my eyes. he said, and before I could register what he said, he closed the distance between our faces, pressing his lips against my mouth. His hands moved to draw me closer. Seth looked hurt as I backed away from him on the bed, my chest heaving. I spat, the idea sending a clutch of pain though my mind. My mind reeled. Very, blatantly ignored, I realized at that moment. I gave him a droll stare. I blushed to think he had remembered that. I thought about that for a moment. His words, and the conviction behind them, had me convinced, and I realized that because his tone I had even shrunk away from him slightly. My eyebrows knitted together. His eyebrows shot up, and he looked genuinely startled and amused. I said, shrugging carelessly a moment before I leaned forward. I laughed, long and hard, feeling my face redden. There now, all over. I sat alone on a small, uncomfortable stool, my eyes glued to the stage on the other side of the room, where a boy with semi-long blond hair that fell before his eyes sat on a stool identical to mine, and everyone else's in the club. I watched as he moved his fingers to get the right key on the guitar, then he lightly strummed his fingertips along the strings, as if testing the sound. He cleared his throat again to get the crowds attention. If he was nervous, he was excellent at hiding it under that mask of emotionless weariness. He had beautiful eyes, though. And he's the son of the leader. She's exploited the only way to get me up other than dropping a pile of bricks on me. Why duck down, you ask? Ok, so I'm trying to distract you from the fact that my butt just hit the carpet instead of my feet. After the usual morning ritual was done I trudged out of my room, eyes still closed. Well, at least the carpet's lush, I contemplated. What? Oh. I briefly toyed with the notion of voicing my inner thoughts, but decided not to face the wrath of the mother. When I finally managed to swallow my toast, I looked up. Mum glared at me, and the third piece of toast I was trying to cram into my mouth (I figured, might as well eat now, before she cut my food rations for the week). And then my feet were pounding down the hallway. Okay, so maybe my last statement wasn't the best thing to say. Here's the one and possibly only thing I can say for sure about mum. And then I was a free woman, the distant slamming of the front door barely reaching my ears. It was all because we moved house. Looking like this and late? Ho-hum. I hurriedly untangled myself from the driver. I gritted my teeth. I found myself seated at the back of the bus. I don't care what you withering wimps of students think. A group of guys were sauntering towards the bus stop. I reprimanded myself, feeling a twinge of sympathy- after all, they had just missed the only bus on this road for an hour. Anger throbbed like a wild beast in my mouth (kind of like when King Kong pummelled his chest with his fists /insert ape-like grunts here/). They were twenty metres away from the stop! I was just about to charge up to the bus driver and give him a piece of exactly what I thought of his rusty old bus when I bit down hard on the inside of my mouth. My back tensed. It was then that my fate was sealed. I looked back down, averting the gaze like all the others, only noticing well worn jeans and brand name shoes. A guy was leaning casually against a seat, his hand falling short of a girl's shoulder. But the features smoothed to a cool chill in the matter of seconds, and no one seemed to notice the brief lapse in composure except me. his voice barely raised a notch, but it was laced with poison. What? He continued to stare at the girl, a mocking smile barely lifting the corner of his lips. What was wrong with the people, or should I say, gormless newts, on the bus? I don't care if I get into trouble; I simply abhor people who pick on others. And trust me, I'm not some puny little weakling either. You know one of those carnival games involving shoving balls down the throat of smiling clowns with hollow eyes? All of a sudden the bus went very, very quiet. You know how they say that eyes are the window to the soul? They were emotionless… and black, the only word I could use to describe it. I never knew I could punch that hard, and for some reason, Jae, as they had called him, was more menacing than muscle man. But before I could be sure of what I had seen, the moment was gone, snatched by the shadows just as his eyes had been, and I mentally kicked myself. Think of the girl Tia. But, surprisingly, my death didn't come. Hmmm. Yep, wash my face. Well, at least his breath was human. AN: Prelude before reading . I slammed the car door behind me and shoved my keys into the ignition. I do not go out with random strangers. But for some crazy reason I decided to go out with Owen Riley. First he had to meet me at my restaurant to pick me up because he didn't have time to go all the way to my apartment. The problems kept happening. Thank God it would be easy to get out of another date. I pressed my foot down into the clutch and started backing out. I let out a long and mother-disapproving curse when I figured it out. I unbuckled my seat belt and pushed my way out of the car. I turned to look and, in fact, my car had taken the accident like a champ. I could tell Owen was starting to get impatient with my bad attitude. Absolutely not! I didn't want to give it to him, but even I knew I had to. I refused to look at him. His car sputtered away. Alita sat up in bed. My cousin burst out laughing. I thought back to it. I ventured over to my cell phone sitting on my desk. Still . Absolutely not was my first thought. He agreed. Owen was standing there, looking a bit ridiculous in an argyle sweater and skinny jeans. Owen wasn't the problem, however. Owen trailed off, obviously not wanting to talk about it too much. Somehow the situation seemed a bit . The car looked worse in daylight. Logan cursed under his breath about smelly dogs. I rolled down the window once again, cursing Alita for stranding me. My heart jumped. I was surprised. We lapsed into one of the worst awkward silences of my life. He left us in the waiting room. I couldn't even must a fake smile. I checked my watch. Owen shifted awkwardly from foot to foot next to me. I knew she was speaking in Spanish deliberately to make Owen feel awkward. Owen left quickly, patting his hands against the sides of his jeans. I walked back into the restaurant and found my way to the bar. Alita asked, stealing a bite of my food before I could. Alita looked up to the ceiling. I leaned my cheek on my hand. I faked a smile. The first was when I was taking a jog in the park. The poor dog looked normal from the front, but attached to its body at the back was a strange, wheeled contraption. I peered up at the voice. He looked just as shocked to see me. Owen said simply. I looked down at the dog, still feeling bad for it. I gave Caterpillar a quick pat on the head. Owen stopped pushing the cart when he saw me. I felt incredibly self conscious. The girl, Caprise, burst into a long list of words that I could barely make out because of how fast she was talking. Caprise said. I had no idea how to respond to that so I said nothing. He shook his head. I drawled. I thought to her boyfriend. He shrugged it off. We said goodbye and it was strange. When I was leaving the store I saw Caprise and Owen checking out. I left the store before I had a chance to be embarrassed. I cursed under my breath. I said, far too fast. She went first to the cell phone bill. I walked over to the kitchen and began washing some dishes. I thought back to the accident. That night I went outside and pulled out my cell phone. He didn't. I had given up hope of running into Owen again either. I tried to shake it off. I put in a pair of big, gaudy diamond earrings. Kaylehn and I got along well enough. I didn't want to go alone so I persuaded Alita to come with. I stood up and surveyed myself in the mirror. Alita abandoned me as soon as we got in the club for a group of guys in the corner. As we walked to the table I asked Kaylehn about the band. When she said the name of the band I had an odd sense of dai ja vu. Suddenly the lights flickered and the crowd went wild. A group of guys ran onto the stage, arms in the air. Kaylehn and Riley both watched as my eyes flickered to the bass player. He looked good. Kaylehn and Riley looked confused. Riley gasped. She shook her head. I was shocked. Kaylehn suddenly snapped back into the conversation. Kaylehn said quickly. I suddenly felt very nervous. The show ended twenty minutes later. Logan noticed me for the first time. A couple agonizing minutes later Logan returned, literally pulling Owen behind him. I suddenly looked back and forth between Kaylehn and Owen. Kaylehn disappeared in a huff. Soon it was just the loving couple and me and Owen. I nodded, setting my cup of beer on the counter. The outside air felt nice. The idea of going somewhere alone with Owen made me nervous. Owen took it, shaking it gently. I reached down and slipped them off, just in case. We talked about his band for awhile. Owen suddenly stopped. I waited for him to continue. It took me a couple minutes to piece together what he was implying. I stared at him for a couple seconds, still shocked. I leaned over and threw my arms around his neck. We stayed like this for longer than normal. Maybe it was the alcohol, or maybe it was just me being daring, but I leaned over and kissed him. I don't remember the rest of the night very well. I thought back to it. For so long I could only focus on the first date. I said into the phone. I've kind of decided, as people may have notice, to intertwine these stories. They were the alpha males. It was like a cycle. I watched it happening as a freshman, then as a sophomore student, next as a Junior, and now, finally, as a senior. Another one came along. Not that any of us were surprised. But that wasn't where it ended. For us normal students, this was our golden opportunity to maybe make it big. And just because of that seventh alpha male. Right, I was going to say something, but I've totally forgotten…yay! Logan Masterson stepped into the library, his deep blue eyes scanning the room. A/n: This is the preface redo, because this definitely needed a make-over. Roy would shake off their doubts, not answering their questions. Even when he and his wife separated. He heard the smacking of her gum before his assistant, Nelly, even entered his office. Roy was feeling lightheaded. He said nothing and waited for her to hang-up. His tongue protruded further. she says, but she smiles and I know she's not really mad at me. That's what I'm doing when I give her a smirk – flirting. I say. However, it's all different this time. I'm not sure why, but the voice irritates me. This news blows me away. My voice is cool. Of course it must have. She doesn't know about the strip clubs. I ask her. What kind of girl doesn't give an answer to a question like that? She blinks and I almost swear she looks like she's going to cry. Typical woman. I'm not sure why, but I feel like being an even bigger ass to her than usual. Her smile has long since faded. I dated her best friend for nearly a year in high school. Her friend, my girlfriend, moved away our senior year of high school and that is why we broke up. At first, it seemed like a pretty lousy prize. Preston Fucking Waters is leaning over the table to kiss this girl on the lips. I call out to him. And then I hit him. he sputters. He didn't. That smile. I find her sitting on a bench at the park. I think about her question for a moment. I say, but I'm lying. My eyes widen with surprise. She is silent for a moment as I begin to study her. She's pretty. I'm happy Preston didn't propose to her. She keeps her gaze glued to those same kids playing Frisbee. The End. Hey, everyone! You'll see what I mean. Let me start by saying that my name is Temperance Conners, but my friend calls me Temper. When school started that day, the sky was cloudy and the impending rain was making the soccer team and cheer squad antsy, but for completely different reasons. Now, the cheerleaders were a different story. Now, as I said before, the day started out overcast and gorgeous as far as I was concerned. After a brief, yet stimulating, argument with my locker, in which the locker won, I made my way to my first class. I replied. Susan Greer was the top of the food chain as far as the masses were concerned at Connelly High. he said in acknowledgement. she whispered suggestively. Cole said, pointing at me. All except one. My hair was long, and dyed black with purple streaks. It was a curse. I glared menacingly at the teacher as she began her lecture. By the time lunch rolled around, I was just ready to die. Slamming my bag down in the lunchroom table, I looked around for Cole. When my friend sat next to me at the table, he looked just as frazzled. I asked, shoving a plastic-wrapped ham sandwich his way. I heard the distinct and disgusting sound of giggling behind me, and I grimaced. Bending forward, he rested his forehead against his arms and pretended to sleep. He only walked on, used to my harsh mouth. I waited outside of the men's locker room, but I could hear the distinct sound of shouting. He laughed, smiling for the first time, and went back into the locker room. Okay, so I decided to retrace my steps. My ears detected the near-by sound of thunder, and soon after I heard rain as it pelted the roof and outside street. Running my hand through my hair, I sighed roughly as I looked from all ends of the hallway to see there was anything. I heard from inside the door. My breath hitched in my throat. He turned so fast that I thought he was going to trip on his own feet. Gaining my balance, and putting on a straight, brave face, I marched up to him. Yet they had. As soon as they gym doors closed behind me, I ran. When I was inside of my car, I turned it on and was filled with the music of My Chemical Romance, and I listened to the sad songs as I drove through the pounding rain. And they were. my Mom asked. And this is where I am now, crying softly into my pillow, the tears that rolled down into the soft fabric. Jaiden Daniels smiled at his bodyguard slash manservant slash driver slash friend. Bunion watched his young master move with the grace of a prince and sighed. Jaiden mused about having a new personal maid for a week. Blow some cash, have some fun. Mina twiddled her thumbs. Mina cleared her throat. Kiterin shrugged. Mina's feet screamed for her to run but instead she angled her chin toward the skies. Mina looked across the platform. Kiterin stood before Mina and held out a hand like a gentleman, her knight in shining armor, a prince, a. Kiterin chuckled and Mina snapped out of her thoughts. Though Mina sat right next to Kiterin on the train, he couldn't have felt farther away to her. He was mine first, Mina thought as she fought back tears as visions of Kiterin and Alissa embracing flooded her head like fire ants. Well duh Mister-State-the-Obvious. No! Mina sighed. Mina batted her eyes and smooched her anachronistically large computer monitor the moment Kiterin logged off online. No you can't Mina! Mina snorted and wondered why she had a moocher leech as a sister. Mina wished she had a hammer in her hands to smash open Emi's head and release the silly dreams of hers. Without her hammer, Mina could only face Emi in defeat. Kaila Lin stared at Mina with an expression full of gravity. Mina almost choked on her juice. Since Dad left, Mina's mother had changed too much. This week, I'm Cinderella again. Mina's cheeks blew up in rouge fury or so other people would think. Danni, Kiterin's twin sister, was Mina's best girl friend. Danni could read Mina like a book, much unlike Kiterin. Mina's fingers itched to stroke away the few strands of hair that had landed across Kiterin's cheekbone. Life just couldn't get any better… at least I have my health and youth, Mina thought. Mina found a place beneath the generous shading of a tree and stood to watch the gathering of girls… too many girls. Like he rules the world. Deep in her scheming and thoughts and sneaking around the get a closer look, Mina tripped over a pile of rocks, placed strategically by the gods of poor storytelling, and flew towards the maid on stilts. The sound of footsteps filled her ears. I didn't want my Prince Charming to own a white Stallion and sweep me off my feet, and I never believed in love at first sight. I wanted someone that would hold onto me just because he could. It wasn't until my senior year of high school that I learned that maybe, just maybe, I had been the delusional one all along. Expect them soon, but I can't make any promises. I have pictures for most of the charectors and am trying to be able to get them onto my profile. I'm one of those people who's considered different. I have an older sister called Sabina. The guy who hasn't fallen for my sister, is Alric Silverstone, most popular guy in school, goes by 'Silver'. He's pretty good friends with my older brother, (I haven't told you about him yet, well, he's Sabine's twin, his name is Taliesin. He lives next door. And because of all the above reasons, every single Sunday, our family has lunch with him, taking turns at who's house it's at. Oh, and our mothers, don't get me started, you know how mothers should be all over-protective about their children losing their virginity at high school and all. that would be one of my best friends, Danny. They both had the whole preppy punk down to a perfect art. I asked, so I try not to swear. She muttered, I felt my eyes narrow and looked up towards the popular people table, Sophia was not a nice person, she was a slutty bitch. We both turned to look at Principle Garrett. They both didn't understand what was wrong with starting a fight at school (remembering these are the same people who bought me four-hundred-and-forty-four condoms four's my lucky number for my eleventh birthday, that's right. My punishment was a month's detention (Yay! I asked him, before Freedom told me to get out of there, Freedom is one of my muses. Have you ever gotten home, had a major urge for a peanut butter and jelly sandwich only to discover you can't open the jelly, and no one's home so you have to go ask the neighbours for help? he asked grinning at my bare feet covered in mud, Nate, the angel on my left shoulder, (when I say angel, that doesn't mean he's good. he said raising his eyebrow, in I guess what he thought was a seductive manner, okay, it was very, very sexy. Did he really think it was still funny? I replied without a moment's hesitation. When I woke I decided not to open my eyes, it's comfy. My eyes flickered open, and it took me a moment to realize my so called 'blanket' was an arm, and my 'mattress' a full grown boy. Troy surveyed the coffee house crowd from the corner of the room, his position on a raised level of tables giving him a clear view of the majority of the shop's other occupants. Troy Vaughan was used to beauty. Sighing, Troy drained the last of his café mocha and tossed the plastic cup in the trash as he started to leave. The young man started at Troy's sudden appearance, Troy's speech jolting him from his single-minded concentration on the computer screen. Troy smiled at the other man, his charm in full force as he gazed at the other man. Troy smiled. The other man jerked back quickly and clapped a hand over his ear. They stared at each other for several moments before the younger man burst into action, sweeping his books and laptop into his bag and standing in one swift motion. Troy had found what he'd been searching for: a man of uncommon beauty. Standing, Troy followed after the younger man, his gaze stuck on the form moving along the street farther ahead of him. am. that don't happen to be lyrics. the back of the classroom with all his other. ticklish it is there. obviously forgoing air for more of this. it. Just as he says it, a sharp pain blooms over Caid's shin, making him stumble and yelp. Caid sighs. Josh says. Caid scoffs, feeling frustrated and exposed. He's always been that way, ever since Caid's sister brought him over for pictures before her junior prom. If Caid could see him, he would punch Josh in the face. When Tally's keys start turning in the lock, Caid hears Josh's feet thunk off the table before the door swings open. Tally sits down beside him with a sigh, closer than Josh had been sitting, and Caid lets her rest her head on his shoulder. Caid says. It's times like these he feels like moving here was the biggest mistake he's ever made. Josh hollers, and Caid wants to throw something at him. He ends up sitting by the open window for most of the day, listening to the sounds of the manmade lake in the middle of the community of condos. Caid says, expecting the hands to leave, but they don't. Caid sighs and signs the scanner, holding it out from his body when he's done. Caid says, waiting for the question. There's nothing. It's stupid to think about it so much—it makes him feel desperate. Caid flinches away. He says, thinking of Eric. A/N: the title of this story is from Marshall McLuhan's book Understanding Media. Jace spread his arms. she sounded horrified, her eyes going deer-in-the-headlights round. I shrugged. Amused, I smiled tightly and shook my head. Again, I shrugged. Jace took the extended hand, his blue eyes sparkling as he lowered his lips to her knucks. Annabeth chirped giving me a wide grin that clearly had thankyouthankyouthankyouthan kyou written all over it. I said, nodding and giving him a two fingered salute, which he returned. As I walked away, I spared a glance back. Sighing, I threw my hands up in the air and continued out the door, pulling my coat tight around me for the quick walk back to our apartment. When I got back to the apartment, I was overwhelmed by an immediate sense of boredom and loneliness. There was a chuckle on the other side, and I grinned. I groused. I could hear them both laughing. I heard them both sigh on the other line. I was already up and making pancakes the next morning when the front door opened and Jace slunk through, his clothes from last night a rumpled mess and his hair clearly showing signs of bed-head. he said, his first coherent word. I heard him sigh as I flipped a pancake. Typical man, he didn't need to be told twice, and promptly proceeded to scarf down his breakfast. I said flippantly. I stuck my tongue out at him. Making a face, I reached for my black eyeliner. Shrugging at myself, I reached for my lengthy brown hair, twisting it up this way, and then that way, and then back to the first way. I made a face at the door that he couldn't see, and dropped my hair, letting it flow down past my shoulders to just beneath my breasts. When he didn't respond, I turned and looked back at him to see what was the matter. I was really beginning to wonder if these girls had any other introduction to a conversation. I followed her gaze, and heard her dreamy sigh as she looked at Jace. I said, cutting off her thought process, used to this by now. Without comment, I turned and whistled, and watched as, once again, Jace's attention snapped away from what I was doing, and looked in my direction. she said, and my heart clenched—I really should have gotten her name first. Jace said, looking at me pointedly as he took her hand and gave it a squeeze. I was surprised when, only an hour later, the door opened and Jace entered…alone. Thirty seconds! Not really. I tilted my head, confused by his tone of voice. I swung my gaze to him in surprise. The next hour was spent with me and Quinn girl talking over food while Liam at first tried to seem interested, then tried to change the topic, and then gave up and spent the meal on his phone. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Quinn stiffen at the same time that I did. I sighed. Dinner with Liam and Quinn left me frustrated. My fingers paused on the movie, and I grinned. Unfortunately, not even halfway through the movie I heard the key in the door. And he was right. I wanted to resist. I chided, but there was no anger in it. Immortality. And even if I could…ever lasting life? Jace's voice was low, and dangerously close to my ear. As the movie continued, I tried to ignore the subtle movements Jace made. I took in a deep breath. With a sigh, he relented, and I was free of his arm. I smiled. As soon as the door closed, I bounded over to Liam's part of the couch, throwing myself down next to him and wrapping myself around him. The sound of a key in the door made me slap my hand over his mouth. Liam's eyes danced with amusement. I said. Liam made his way for the door and I followed, good host that I was. As the front door closed behind him, I found myself looking between the two doors both boys had walked through, completely and utterly confused. The week passed much the same as any other week went around here, with only my heightened awareness of everything Jace adding any difference. I walked around to the other side of the couch and sat, picking a spot not tight to the other end, as I had been the previous two pillow nights, with the pillow clutched in my lap, but rather in the middle, closer to Jace without being too close. Reaching into the fridge, I grabbed two Yuenglings, then swiped a bag of chips from the counter on the way back to the living-room. Another beer and three quarters of the movie later, Jace surprised me by grabbing a pillow, dropping it my lap and laying down, putting his head on the pillow without a word. Jace shook me a little. By the time I finished, Jace was already sprawled out on his bed with the movie paused on the first scene. It was easy to make myself comfortable. As the movie progressed, we didn't move. Finishing my cereal off, I grabbed my bowl and headed for the sink, grabbing a mug on the way. I said, and I could hear the breathlessness in my voice. I breathed, not really knowing whether I was saying his name to encourage him or stop him. We both jumped away—well, more like I pushed him and he jumped back and I successfully managed to slam my heel into the floorboard—at the sound of the microwave. I heard Jace say. I beamed at him. I blinked and looked down at my reading, then at the clock. I opened my mouth to retaliate, and then realized, no, he probably had a point. I turned and saw the door to the room adjoining mine was open. he said. This time, the tension between us was palpable. I said nothing as I stared into his searching eyes. I lost myself in the kiss, letting my hands run over his chest, his shoulders, up his back, through his hair while his hands toyed with my hair, my hips, caressed my arms, brushed tantalizingly up my side, barely tracing my breasts, and then worked their way back down to my hips, starting the whole cycle over again. With a gasp, I pulled away, swinging myself off of him to a seated position on the bed. I shouted, angry now. Jace shifted uncomfortably. he was irritated, I could see that. I pursed my lips. The look of empathy that washed over his face nearly broke my resolve not to cry. I paused a moment, thinking. Turning in his grip, I bit my lip as I looked up at him. he said, already leaning down to press a kiss against my mouth. He made a face at me. Jace turned my face back to him, and covered my lips with his again. I gave him a playful swat. Well, there you have it, folks, I haven't disappeared completely. WHICH REMINDS ME. Anyway, that's all from me for now. After nearly six years, I have decided to take this story down. Eric looked up and nodded at Andy, giving a brief wave goodbye. Eric rolled his chocolate brown eyes. Eric sighed, refusing to reply as he sped out of the parking lot and down the street. He slowed his convertible when he drove through the residential areas. He cleared the thoughts out of his head forcefully, pulling up in the driveway of a quaint white house. he told her, looking down at his shoes. Eric turned away, not wanting to hear about it. Without waiting for a response, he headed upstairs. His sweat pants fell to the ground before he stepped into the shower. Rinsing himself quickly, he shut the shower off and stepped out, wrapping a thick white towel around his waist. Eric shrugged to himself and walked down the hall to the doorway of his room. A few drops of water fell into his eyes, blurring his vision. His eyes fell on the source of the voice. But the one feature that caught his attention wholly was her eyes. He gaped at her. The girl giggled again. he asked. His mother looked to where he was pointing. Eric froze, his eyes never leaving the sky blue orbs of the girl clad in white. He moved towards the door and shut it tightly. I force my eyes open to look at the clock. Two long hours later, the bed dips slightly as he settles underneath the covers, wrapping a solid arm around me. he whispers. he says, nodding at the table where a plate of pancakes, sausage rounds, and eggs are waiting for me. I reach for a tissue, but he's already leaning over, his gaze concentrated on my face. His face is so close to mine that I can feel his breath heating my face. he nods uncertainly. As I replace the phone back in its cradle, I realize that my hands are shaking. I don't know what happened. All my life, I have sworn to myself that I would never tolerate cheating. I sniffle and lean against the wall, completely at a loss of what to do. I look at him, and even after all these years, it sometimes still takes my breath away how gorgeous he is. he asks, likely seeing my red and puffy eyes. I inhale and an incredible aroma hits my nose. I blurt out bluntly. I feel my own anger rise. I see the anger slowly drain out of him as he puts his head in his hands. It's a few moments longer before he raises his head. And in this moment, it becomes clear to me that this is the Mark that I know, not the near stranger that I have been living with for the past three months. Do I trust him? He shuts his eyes for a moment and takes a deep breath. In spite of the fact that Lexie lives on the other side of the state, I'm driving to her house in the middle of the night. Lexie isn't mad as she answers the door at nearly three in the morning. I'm almost done filling her in when my phone rings loudly. he starts. I blink and I'm surprised at how wet my eyes are. I'm changing when I hear the doorbell ring. I sneak a peak at him and he looks perfect as always. I flinch at his harsh tone and he immediately softens. I untie the ribbon and slowly pull away at the wrapping paper, suspense building in me. He scratches his neck sheepishly. I say to him. I don't need a second invitation. For the hundredth time that day I swallowed the growl that threatened to escape my throat. I held my head high as I walked towards the mate I did not want. I took my place beside him and refused to look at him as I started to strip. With blinding accuracy my claws swiped across his face. I ran, fueled by my fear and rage and I didn't stop until the day had turned to night and I came upon a shallow cave, the perfect hiding place for a run away bride. As if mimicking my emotions, the sky rumbled and the heavens opened. I growled with contentment and allowed my body to melt back into human shape. I would wait here for the night. Blankets and clothes were stacked neatly against the far wall while my food and weapons were right beside the cave's entrance. With a sigh I pulled a short but comfortable deer skin dress over my head and began to make up my bed. I buried into my blankets, a happy smile on my lips as I thought of the freedom that was now within my reach. Hands cupped and caressed my breasts. I arched my back at the first touch of a thumb and forefinger and let out a little gasp when lips brushed against the curve of my throat. Lips brushed against mine, feather soft and teasing. My hands traveled over a hard chest and came to a rest on broad shoulders. I squirmed and arched as I tried to ease the pressure that was building inside of me. That touch burned through my body and sent off warning bells in my head. A finger slipped into me and my eyes flew wide open. He growled softly in my ear and then pushed himself up on an elbow. He lowered his head and nibbled on my ear. I moved my head to the side so he would have better access to my neck and felt the little growls get louder. Through the haze of emotions and jumbled thoughts I saw a small glitter a couple feet across from me. Quick as a snake, I drove my knee into his stomach and swung my hand at his exposed throat. I was so angry, his naked length pressed me deeper into the blankets and I snarled. To my horror, tears pricked my eyes and overflowed in unexpected streams down my face. I felt him sigh and then I was being pulled gently into his lap. He didn't want to break me? He barely had time to finish that sentence before I pulled him down and crushed his lips to mine. Never had I allowed myself to act upon the attraction I felt for the Ivory King. He growled with pure male satisfaction and for once in my life, I felt whole. Thanks so much for reading this. I clutched my hands to my chest and felt my heart skip a beat. Nooooooo! Looking around wildly I noticed a small door to the left under the stairs. Making a snap decision, I launched myself at the door, throwing it open, diving through the gap and slamming it quickly behind myself. Any of my suspicions evaporated instantly. He laughed then and I loved it. Ellie and Fin were my characters for NaNoWriMo last year and I treated them appallingly, shoving them into ridiculous situations and making them say horrible, cringe-worthy things. Disclaimer: This story is purely for entertainment purposes. Dark grey clouds loomed across the sky and lightning thundered threateningly down the city of Melbourne. I could literally hear him jumping around on the spot. I shoved my phone in my pants and climbed onto the train once it came to a stop. he pressed. I flinched, not at all liking his sausage fingers squeezing around my arms. I complied. I trailed off when he lunged forward at my face. Eventually a security guard came along and hustled the man away from me. She gasped at her luck and quickly scrambled through her bag for a pen to scribble her number down on my palm. With my hands in my pockets and hoodie up, I jogged home. I reached the gate and saw, to my dismay, orange flames spitting out the second floor. he instructed, his voice deep and growling. The fire finally sizzled out and the fireman from before walked back up to me. I stared at my GHD, in a complete trance. the fireman asked again, his hand gripped my hair and tilted my head back to look at him. The hot fireman let go of me when his colleague joined him. I scowled and took the GHD from him and thanked him. Plot: Oh no! - profanity used by any guy. It was to my elephantine, unfathomably large dismay that I woke up with red staining my underwear. Lacy, who was taking AP Psychology in school, told me that PMS was mostly in your head—that getting your period didn't actually make you grumpy—but I told her that this was bull crap and the exact kind of psychobabble I'd warned her about when she signed up for the class. I whined once I'd swallowed aforementioned pills. I rolled my eyes. My cousin Darren entered the kitchen just then. I snapped at him, a scowl on my face. I huffed, flipping the magazine closed and tossing it back into the center of the kitchen table. Honestly, I wasn't usually this crabby. I stood up and obediently made my way over to the cereal cabinet, only to discover, once I was there, that I hated all the cereal that was in there. Darren asked rhetorically in the shameless manner that comes only to a guy with older sisters. Despite the activity of my uterus, I was having one of those days. By the time Lacy and I reached the mall, the tampon run had already been made. After an hour and a half had passed by, we decided to stop at a little café in the middle of the mall, with various small tables and chairs in front of it. I was chewing my sandwich and reaching out for my water bottle when I suddenly noticed someone over Lacy's shoulder whose face was turned towards me. Without consciously realizing it, my mouth dropped open and I simply stared at the Adonis seated so close to me, within speaking distance if I cared to raise my voice. Daringly, I snuck a peek back at Adonis. Lacy yelled, smacking my forehead with her palm. She furrowed her brows and spun around. She sighed like it was a big deal, but then smiled. I racked my brain for something—anything! I glanced past him to the brunette. I wondered if the brunette was the jealous type. What if today hadn't been one of those days where I looked fantastic? Any other guy would have been a bit anxious at this point. But no. When everything was settled—we swapped phone numbers and I'd given him my address—he joined his brunette,  friend, Violet, and picked up where he left off. I spilled everything out to her, giving every single detail that I could, from the way my nose had itched when I asked him about the girl he was with to the precise way that he said Dinner or no? My phone rang as soon as we got back to Lacy's house another two hours later. Matt had taken to calling me emerald almost as soon as he learned my name was Julie. That had been our very first conversation in our very first class on our very first day of school in our very first year of high school. I responded in a considerably less enthusiastic voice, since I'd just seen him at school yesterday. I said this uncomfortably, for Matt and I, as close as we were, no longer discussed matters that pertained to our respective love lives. My Favorite Doily, a. She nodded as she took the phone from me. I greeted the pale sixth grader, mainly to be polite and not to lead him on. Mark, on the other hand, seemed to think this was some secret, girlspeak code for I love you more than there are stars in the sky , because a brilliant shade of red crept onto his formerly white face. I wondered if I'd acted that way around my crush when I was in sixth grade. I was talking to Matt that night as I got ready for my date with Bryce. I managed to convince her to wear it sometimes, but only if I put it on. I held out a summer dress to Lacy, even though it was the spring. In my mind, I could picture him saying this—brown eyes wide, lips pursed, hand pressed against his chest. I knew when Bryce and I arrived at the restaurant that I'd seen too many movies. It was a relief to finally be in the restaurant, where the dull murmur of the other patrons covered up the silence between Bryce and me as both of us thought of something to say. Oh. The waitress spent the next few seconds making googly eyes at my date, and he did nothing to stop her. Rolling her eyes, she turned back to Bryce. Shooting one last sexy look at Bryce, Jess sauntered away, shaking her hips from side to side as she did so. he asked, obviously not offended in the least by that comment. I muttered under my breath. replied Bryce, grinning at her like she was God's gift to him. This really was not working for me. Because I had nothing better to do, I asked Bryce to tell me more about himself, just to prove my point even further. While Bryce was explaining something about how he was good at basketball but had to quit, Jess appeared with my water in her hand. I announced through gritted teeth. Red was splashed all over my crisp, white pants from my stupid period. I explained to her which restaurant I was at, and with her promise to come and get me now, we hung up. I exited the bathroom and leaned against the wall right next to the door. I watched him stuff his phone in the pocket of his jeans while I put mine neatly back into a pocket of my purse. I gushed, giving him a squeeze. He looked at me finally. At the time, I didn't find it strange that he was agreeing to this without even asking me why I wanted him to do this. Matt yelled, and now he was attracting attention from other patrons in the restaurant. I only wished I had a camera to snap a picture of the look on Bryce's face. There was completely silence as they stood up, both soaked and with food sticking to the backs of their shirts. said Matt, then walked over and took my hand. Lacy's car was sitting right in front of the entrance to the restaurant in a place where she was definitely not allowed to be waiting. Her shouting was cut off. He flashed me a sheepish grin, like a little boy caught calling someone a poopyhead. He was watching me with the expression of utmost concern on his face, the same way he'd looked in the restaurant. A bowl of popcorn sat in my lap from which we took handfuls of popcorn like we hadn't eaten in days. Then tragedy struck. I said as I walked in. Matt—crazy, lovable Matt—was uneasy. I took another step towards him. His brown eyes finally met mine, full of fear. I grinned and wondered how I could ever have gone on a date when Matt was there the entire time. I stood defiantly in the crowded school hallway, struggling with my combination, telling myself over and over again I would not cry. The girl opened her combination locker in one fluid, well-practiced motion. Students swarmed around me. I wobbled on my spaghetti legs, wallowing in the humiliation of my first day at East Appalachian Middle School. Then in math class I answered a problem wrong on the chalkboard, and received not only a grimace from the teacher, but mocking laughter from my amused classmates. The bell rang, and I realized I was alone. The voice startled me. I smiled shyly at him and then, feeling ridiculous, averted my gaze. Nate hung his head and obeyed. A/N: I know I'm a bit late, but I wrote this for Valentine's. She let the breath escape her lips in a sigh of exasperation. She huffed again. The call went straight to voicemail and she punched the redial button. Her cell phone gave a beep of protest as she tried to make the call again. There was a sudden noise, and she looked up to see yellow headlights peering up from somewhere along the road. She studied him from under lowered eyelashes. Some of that same disdain surfaced in her as she gave him a quick glance-over. She could feel the anger mounting. She hesitated for another prideful moment, before deciding she could live with the company of this uncouth devil better than frostbite. That didn't sound like a compliment. Only when the truck rolled to a stop did she realize she'd jumped to an incorrect conclusion. she asked even as she entered the elevator behind him. he said mockingly. The elevator doors chose this moment to open, and he strode out a little too quickly. His apartment really was terribly small. It took her a while to find the post-it stuck haphazardly to the side of the couch: Work. Flopping back onto the couch, she fumbled for her phone before remembering the battery was dead. For some reason, his tone irritated her. And to think Jayden had said she was a floozy past her expiration date. This referred to her clubbing clothes – a glittery top and a mini-skirt, both so molded to her curves like a second skin. He shrugged. Jayden said, breaking the silence. For some reason, she really wanted to know the answer. He shook his head sharply, as if saying, girls. It was pure obstinacy that kept her going. He was standing with his hands in the pockets of his jeans, staring at her in disbelief. She stared at him. She was silent. His eyes – she could never get over the brilliance of their color – searched hers questioningly. She smiled in relief,  And she didn't. His light-blue gaze was amused. Amy said. He sidled up even before that dance had ended. The distinguished guests at the dinner party were, by now, murmuring amongst themselves at the scene that had just transpired. She opened her mouth to ask who Natalia was, then clamped her mouth shut as realization assailed her. Outside, Amy found to her horror that she'd been right. Jayden supplied with a lop-sided grin. Amy glared out of the window. Jayden was laughing, smiling, and in all looking so terribly happy that at that moment, she hated him for it. But instead of getting out immediately, Natalia turned to look at Amy. There was a little silence, then Jayden opened the door and got out of the driver's seat. His eyes were so beautiful up close, they were throwing her brain into confusion. She started laughing. She had? skin for all to see. unbreakable? Silas. him a slave. are away. my Master? so. It's his birthday in two days. hands airily, trying desperately to think of the phrase ". am for. wood. with something…happiness? Please read the Author's Note on my page! meet you. whoever was on the other line. "Fine. At this point, I couldn't help but laugh. both Sandy and I said at the same time, staring intently at the screen. Riiiiiiiiiing. My whole world stopped. Angry didn't even begin to cover what I felt at that moment. I paused and just glared at him. With a sour taste in my mouth, I jolted awake. Bryce commented as she sipped at her smoothie. Sometimes, having a health freak as a roommate was seriously crap. She grinned wickedly. I grabbed my shoulder bag and slipped my books into it. a blonde bombshell was saying,  The crowd of mainly women began to cheer wildly as Logan strode out on stage, the camera zooming in to a close up of his face. I just rolled my eyes, stifling my laughter. And that was not an exaggeration. The lecturer, Mr Falloon, walked into the theatre and everyone quietened down when he started talking. . Addison's father addressed the wall with a violent kick. Addison Oakes was a regular girl, attempting to dodge the hardships that life seemed to enjoy showering upon her. Addison couldn't seem to fathom the reason why she was left so cold and unbearably alone; left to fend entirely for herself. She wanted a parent that would love her and ask how she was doing and actually care to hear the answer like her mother once had. Today had been no different. And she hated herself for crying. Her father had dropped his cool exterior a teensy bit, just to let Addison know that he wished it were her that had gone instead of her mother. Deciding to resolve her pointless wander, Addison dropped her weight onto the flat surface of a large rock, and brought her knees to hug closer to her body. Her father probably wouldn't even bother to notice or care that she was gone. When she reached the dusty sidewalk that was the end of the vast trees, Chloe was already sitting in her car, light fingers tapping away which told Addison that she was waiting anxiously. Chloe didn't hesitate to ask questions, and Addison didn't mind. Addison gave her a thankful grin and nodded because that was exactly what she needed. Addison just couldn't help but feel more at home at Chloe's house than she had ever been lately at her own. Addison sarcastically jested. At lunch, she sat as usual with Chloe and a couple of their other friends at a table, eating and talking. Monica teased and took a large bite of her sandwich. As students piled in, Mrs. Henson ushered the class to settle down and take their seats, even though most of them had already. Addison groaned silently in her head and shared a look with Chloe. Addison shook her head. The boy gave her an uncaring snort and walked down the aisle of tables coolly before eyeing the empty one next to Addison. She nodded because she figured as much. Hi everyone! a cheery voice said from behind me. I sighed. she chirped, releasing me from her arms,  For such a petite, sweet-looking girl, she had quite the big mouth. I nodded,  It was a horrible break up, and he wanted it just as much as I did – meaning not at all. I said with a chuckle,  Natalie beamed and linked her arm with mine as we headed down the hall. Someone sat down in front of me and turned around to introduce herself. I replied with a smile,  Isa smiled back, but she seemed overall indifferent towards me. Natalie whispered to me,  I raised my eyebrows. she squealed quietly,  I rolled my eyes at her and glanced at the jocks again. she muttered, sounding uncharacteristically bitter. she spat, turning away from him, and began to whisper,  My cheeks reddened when Hunter winked at me. She furrowed her eyebrows, but didn't look up from her phone. she began. I followed Nat as we wove our way through the crowds. Nat called tentatively to the girl sitting at the head of the table. she droned, not really seeming interested. the girl sitting next to her sneered, jumping right into our conversation. her clone said in the same, bored voice. Another girl exclaimed as she arrived at the table. a sharp voice spoke up from the other end. she mumbled in between bites,  I smiled; I liked this girl already. Who knew cheerleading could be so intense? he replied charmingly. I stuttered,  Cole hung his head and exhaled loudly. he said,  Cole and I wandered through the halls until we finally located my locker. he replied. he offered. I felt Whitney pat my head awkwardly. she said, patting my head some more. some random guy walking by slurred to me, already wasted at 11pm at night. Michael said. Michael frowned and handed me the napkin under his drink too, because the one in my hand needed to be thrown away at this point. I told her flatly. I jumped out of my seat. Whitney said, but I still bent my head a little lower so that Jake was less likely to see me. Whitney dragged me over to the sink. I pulled my skirt down a little bit. We had meant to go out so I could forget about Jake for a night. I washed my face as Whitney reapplied her lipstick. I mumbled as I wiped my face on a paper towel. I asked. Whitney shrugged, and I couldn't help but chuckle at her nonchalant manner. She was right. I murmured almost instinctively. "The what? Michael replied, rolling his eyes. I protested. He was pretty handsome, I couldn't deny that part. Whitney tapped my arm lightly so that my hand fell as she leaned over. I opened my mouth to retort at her, but the next thing I knew, I felt a tap on my shoulder. Whitney practically shouted from behind me. I looked at the guy. As I let him lead me towards the bar, I turned around and glared at Whitney and Michael once more. I told the bartender. I was surprised that he had noticed me earlier. I sighed. I paused, because suddenly I saw Jake at the other side of the bar. Nick asked me. I gasped and turned away. But now that I was kissing a random stranger that I had met at a bar, I wondered if it was a good idea. Just when I was starting to feel dumb for doing it, I felt myself lose my balance a little bit. His mouth parted just ever so slightly and I felt his lips catch my bottom lip. He pressed his palm against the small of my back to draw me in closer until I was flush against his chest. Whitney's voice suddenly pierced that haze that was clouding my mind and we broke apart. / I've had the idea in my head for this story for quite some time now. For some it's the sound of a skate slicing across the ice. But for me, it has always been about the rush. have any. i. cookies, brownies and well. eat that? did not. Gushing. it's my sisters wedding in 4 weeks. so he can have that to". cloudy sky. It was the sunshine that woke me up that morning, the bright light shining in my eyes from the opened curtain. Livy, yep that's me! Yes you heard me right, I did the horrible cliché thing, I fell for my brother's best friend. I blew him a kiss, grabbing my overnight bag and going into the bathroom before I changed my mind, he was just so hard to resist sometimes. I approached her, taking her into my arms and holding her tightly. I whistled cheerfully in the bathroom, attempting to whistle 'Jingle Bells' in tune. After the final ear piecing note, I dried the last of the water droplets off my back and I looked around for my pajama top and shorts. Giving up, I grabbed the last piece of clothing which hadn't been put into the laundry basket. I screamed, looked up and immediately crossed my arms in front of my topless chest. He sighed resignedly, shrugged off his grey shirt and handed it to me. I nodded my head begrudgingly before taking a better look at him. So it's been over two years since I've posted anything on here. Alright, then. It's rated M for language, because apparently my writing's gotten a tad bit more vulgar since I used to post on here. Lastly, you guys are awesome for checking this out. To anyone else in that coffee establishment, I'm pretty sure I looked normal. Under the surface, though? There was something horrifying about being back in this town. What's even worse, this place had barely changed, suggesting that it was more than capable of doing the same thing all over again. A lump rose up in my throat, and I was dangerously close to losing both my outward composure and the Cocoa Pebbles I'd ingested earlier this morning. One: I anchored my shoulders to the chair behind me. It was a breathing technique my therapist had taught me (except that last step there—that one was all mine) and it worked miracles. The door swung open, and my eyes jumped to the front of the coffee house. The girl whipped around again, and her eyes narrowed. Jordan wasn't listening, though. Everyone in the place was watching her freak out, but I couldn't have cared less. If I had been Batman and Jordan had been Robin, Bobby Duncan would've been Alfred Pennyworth—still fundamental, still in the loop, still a good friend, but ultimately in the background. I said, although that wasn't true in the slightest. I wasn't about to tell that to Jordan, though. Five whole years, and I hadn't once come back to Hills Ridge. For now, I had to pretend like I was here solely to edit suicide-worthy manuscripts all goddamn summer. this began as a one shot, but it quickly morphed into a short story. lately, i've been pretty preoccupied with my course work, and so i haven't gotten anything written of anything old. Actually, Alan had been friendly and chatty nearly the entire night, but he'd been shooting flirts toward my friend. Pete was sounding pretty desperate, and I collapsed down onto the side of my bed, rubbing my temple. He gave a blush, brushing invisible lint from his smoky-colored shirt, the one that hugged his abs and waist just right, turning him into sex-on-legs when combined with his ass-fitting dark jeans and black boots and his pale and milky skin because of the shock of red hair on his head. We met up with Alan and Colt outside of the theater, and it was my turn to roll my eyes at the casual way my friend flirted with his date, his eyes cool and suave when I know for a fact that he's piddling all over himself on the inside. As it was, I was the first to turn and get into line for tickets, startled when Colt stalked over and stood with me, his arms crossed over his chest, as if he dared me to break the silence. I didn't break our silence as we made our way inside, handing our tickets to the girl manning the way in and being guided to the left and about four theaters down. Momentarily shocked, it took him a few seconds before jumping me with an ecstatic hug, one that I endured for a few moments before curling my lip with disgust and peeling him away from me, my eyes amused at his glow. Shocked and angered into silence, he pointed at a house and had the door open before I'd even completely stopped, his movements jerky with fury. I 'uh-huh'd and nodded at the food close to completion upon my stove, switching the phone to my other ear as I pressed it between my head and shoulder, using both hands to steady the pot and stir. I kind of felt shitty about it, actually, because it's not like me to be so petty for no concrete reason other than a guy was 'mean' to me. It never sits right with me when I'm an unprovoked ass, and that night plagued my mind even after I hung up with Pete and watched college basketball on the television. He looked at her with a frown, dark eyes narrowing. However, invariably as small children are apt to do, they quickly forgot any animosity and became friends. Looking at what he had given her, her eyes widened. She clapped her hands excitedly. she replied simply. There was no big fight or blowout; they just slowly started drifting apart. She was the quiet, friendly girl who got along with anyone. She suffered her first heartbreak alone. He didn't date. They didn't pine for each other. Changes began to happen by the second year of high school. He asked her to pick him up. It took her twenty minutes to find the right house. Nevertheless, she grabbed his arm and dragged him towards her old, beat up car. She reached his house and helped him open the door. She pressed a small kiss on his cheek, much like she had done on her sixth birthday. It was the last year of high school and she started putting 'weird stuff' on her eyes and lips. He couldn't understand what had changed. They were in the same Biology class. He couldn't sleep at night. And they did. When he couldn't sleep, he phoned her. She laughed as she thought about it. Without really knowing why, she redoubled her flirting attempts with Slick Guy, who was only too pleased to see she was finally responding to him again. Both their dates were a disaster. He couldn't believe how pissed off he was that he had actually agreed to date Redhead Girl. He strode towards her without preamble, eyes trained on her. Now take a minute to think about the consequences. A handy hint: If a guy refuses to take part in any activity, threaten his masculinity. My head snapped up and my eyes fell upon a girl clutching a tattered paperback to her chest looking, well, shocked. She was the girl with the gorgeous smile that could make me forget my own name. One minute had probably gone past and still neither of us had moved. I paused to shoot him a warning look. Hm. I mean, I've known her since kindergarten. With his words in mind, I clenched my fist feeling a surge of empowerment. And just for the record I was not 'streaking', as they so crudely have put it. Reaching the lockers, I found the place deserted. I took a precious moment to lean back and admire my handiwork. Three days, two hours, forty-seven minutes, nine seconds and still nothing. How . What was I thinking; sticking my butt-replica and love declaration on her locker for the whole world to see? As I reached forward, James raised an arm to stop me. A/N: I'd just like to say a big thank you to TaD and an even bigger thank you to Jules (the awesome prompt Judge)! A/N: Woot! Now for some background information: This is a side story of WAC/POC, but you don't need to read those stories to know much about what's happening here. Now, my lovelies, I give you. It's raining; it's pouring. Hehehe. I stop dancing and look at Mom with an affronted expression when I see that she unplugged my iPod from her car stereo. I start to buckle myself, but stop halfway and look over at Mom. Matt, get your faggot, emo ass off the couch and do the dishes! Of course, these conversations are said lovingly. I huff, irritated. I was not late to school, in case you're wondering. Anyway… right now, I'm dancing down the hallway—not like a slut, thankyouverymuch! Sorry ladies, you'll never get a piece of this. You know how there's usually that one person who seems to catch your eye when you're new, and you automatically know you want to be friends with them? I stand there, practically in the middle of the doorway, just staring at this chick sitting in the back of the room. She grins again and extends her hand to me. I reply. I grin at her again then move the desk so it's right next to hers. Courtney and I have all our morning classes together! I start party-boying around Courtney as we walk down the hall to the cafeteria for lunch. Courtney stops walking and looks over her shoulder. I look over at Peter to see him blushing and avoiding looking at me. We start walking again, and I don't even need to ask Courtney what table we're heading towards since there's only one that has people dressed like her and me. Once we reach the table, I instantly zoom in on the kind of guy I like. Carlos looks at her, pouting, his lower lip trembling and his brown eyes wide. she says and then points at Carlos. Seth says after a moment. I hesitate, looking away from him and everyone else. It's a lie and I know it, but everybody nods so it seems they all bought it. Everyone at the table besides Courtney and Carlos started laughing and snickering. Yeah. Mmm—Aaron. Now, on to young Peter. Josh and Seth are another story. I don't like Josh that much. Seth, on the other hand, seems pretty cool. Really, I just can't see why he's with Josh. Abby is alright, too, but we just don't click, you know? Sydney is another story. My dad picks me up from school and we get home around two-thirty. The door is open, so I know it's alright for me to just walk in. Nana laughs, but it turns into a rasping cough that shakes her whole body, and she holds a handkerchief up to her mouth. she says once she stops coughing and takes a short moment to regain her breath. Chapter 1: The NewsI wasn't normally a superstitious person. I wasn't superstitious. I immediately regretted telling her that because it led her straight to ranting on about how crazy I was to even think about that idea and demanding to know why she would tell him if he would probably let her down. Tyler only responded by giving me another kiss before slipping his arm around my waist and pulling me along with him as his friends fell in step behind us. Tyler and I had been going out for almost four months and it made me smug to watch his admirers fall back in devastation but never giving up on the fact that he would break up with me. I was slightly confused when his best friend, Jack Miller, glared at us with a burning look. Tyler glanced at me and when he met my cold gaze, he gave a helpless shrug in my direction and murmured something to the girl. I hadn't spoken for a long time because I was in a haze of anger and confusion. I suddenly decided what to do. he asked bewildered. Tyler's friends roared with laughter. I was on the bus, my tears dried up because I was holding them back for the time I would arrive at my apartment and go to my room to scream. The ride was silent with only a few people whispering as if they were in a library. I took a long, soothing shower and turned the music up loud. Until there was a loud knocking of my door two hours later when I was halfway through a game of minesweeper and imagining the mines blowing up Tyler. said the man, his voice strangely ominous. How could I forget that fateful day when it all went bad. Uh oh. I opened the door more and they filed through, spotted the couch and sat down next to each other. Why did that sound like what a criminal would ask? Both the children support workers looked shocked at the agreement. I was choking at the thought of living with my mum. Once her fingers touched the white keys of the piano, she was off into her own little world. I'm not looking for someone to talk toI've got my friends, I'm more than OK. Don't wanna wake up alone anymoreStill believing you'll walk through my doorAll I need is to know it's for sureThen I'll give. The song finished and she finally opened her eyes, she smiled and received a standing ovation. A woman approached Calista with an eleven-year-old girl following close behind her, smiling at Calista admiringly. she asked, Calista nodded shyly. Oh, that's why she thought. A second later and her question was soon answered. he asked, acting like they were close friends. Right, she was just talking to Nathan James' mother, as in Veronica James, the wife of the richest man of the state. Nancy nodded and gave her a hug. Ms. Donovan smiled, looking at Jake who was pulling faces at the girls and shaking his head. There was a reason why she picked that song for her final performance; it was a personal choice and her friends knew why she picked it. Calista was a hopeless romantic; she'd never been in love before and she wanted to, being in love was just one thing she was missing, like what the song said. Samantha asked, she was trying to put her family back together again, without her husband Carlos; she knew she could do it. River Ambriosi watched his friend Nathan approached that white pianoforte. Nathan sat down on the piano seat and stared at the black and white keys; he always wanted to play piano but he thought it wasn't cool enough so he decided not to. He'd seen her play. Tristan Zhou said, annoyed. River asked; Lucas threw him a dirty cloth that he used to wipe spilled liquids on the chairs. Nathan shook his head,  he grinned, slightly confused. Tristan asked and all of them looked at him, curiously. was all he said, they waited for her to explained but he didn't. Sleep would be good. Sometimes it just isn't worth it to pull myself out of bed. I snap out of my vegetated state at the irate sound of my physics teacher's voice. Mr. Chan shoots me a disgruntled look and starts in on entropy. My name's Eve, by the way. But I guess I'm not so typical. Take last night for example. I guess you could say I'm a world traveler but I don't really travel for the sake of traveling. I am now officially Lola Magazine's America's Sweetheart. See, my mom's sick. Like Cambodia and Ecuador. And, yeah, I guess I do do a lot. correct? She reached for the door knob and stopped. person p. noe how much research I put into this. research on the gods n goddesses. the story. I was. you seek of me? explain to me". and held onto him as I cried myself to sleep. what's the matter? Mother is here! and I was upset. love you. truly meant it or said it to cheer me up. pitied them. his mothers. burying my face in his chest. pulling away and looking into my eyes. face made my smile disappear. Kratos said his next words". perchance, another god or goddess? Kratos asked. said. email me. what u think! This is my first challenge response for SKoW and I'm both excited and nervous about it. Plot: Vietnam War. 1) Angst. - political commentary. Curiosity taking over, Mary glanced in the direction the two men were and nearly dropped the coffee mug and plate. finished the other man, shaking his head slightly. James looked up from his hands and into Mary's eyes. Once the door shut, the restaurant went back to their whispers and small talk resumed, leaving Mary to wonder why she even stayed home this summer. exclaimed Ellen, clasping her hands together, beaming at Mary. She arrived at the local park ten minutes later to find it deserted. Mary's tough façade faded slightly as she looked at his lone figure. he yelled, throwing his hands up in the air,  There is no point, he echoed in his head. But what was he thinking? finished Mary when James came out of his reverie. Mary herself didn't know why she was so adamant about writing to this bitter man who had insulted her twice in one day. said James, looking past her and into the distance. He looked back once he was sure that Mary had vacated the area and let out a breath he hadn't been holding. . I mean, forcing me to miss soccer practice was one thing. But when they arranged a date for me with the captain of the lacrosse team? I should have put my foot down. I said resolutely, stomping my sandal-clad foot on my carpeted floor. I replied instantly, trying to dodge the wand she was aiming at my face. I whined, slouching down on my bed. As if she were any more wiser than me. They both looked at each other with quizzical expressions and turned back to me. That only made them laugh more. That just about did me in. If it were anyone else, I would've sent my two older brothers after him. That's probably why he was over here. Jared asked, his hazel eyes taking in my too-dressy outfit. Not because I like him or anything. Anyway, Jared has always been cute. It was rumored he was going to be voted Most Likely to be Famous because of Such Good Looks for our senior yearbook polls. Could I help it if I sounded bitter? We sat in silence for a moment, staring at the blank tv screen across from our couch. The doorbell rang. It rang again. A warm hand on my wrist stopped me. It was good. That obnoxious doorbell was ringing again. As quick as my soccer reflexes would allow me, I jumped off of Jared, grabbed the soccer ball from where I had dropped it, and threw it with all my might at his head. Dinner was Burger King. The movie was cheesy. He wanted to go down to the lake, to . When he finally dropped me off at home, I let him walk me to the door. And it was horrible. But I am so not going there. I wanted to rip out my hair. Well, at least Kenny was better than Hunter. But before I could even reach my car, I found Jared waiting outside the girls' locker room once practice was over. Dread filled me. We were in the hallway now. His hands wound up in my hair, and he didn't even seem to mind how tangled and windblown it had become after my rigorous soccer training. And just as I wrapped my arms tightly around his neck, a door closed and I could hear coach snapping at us to get home already, and yeesh, teenagers these days. Megan giggled and Stacey rolled her eyes. And I squealed back. I loved my friends. . He steadied me, probably because he realized I would fall over if he didn't do anything to prevent it. And then he leaned down and captured my lips once more. If anything, I wanted this kiss to last forever. And then he went into the kitchen to go eat some more pie, and I had to leave for my date with Trent Westland. He was sitting cross-legged on the couch, looking like he had nothing whatsoever to worry about. I picked up the pillow again and began hitting him with it over and over again. I stopped talking to catch my breath, and that's when Jared pulled me back into his lap, just like that first night a couple of weeks before. He nodded as his mouth spread into that killer smile, that one and only smile I had known for my entire life. He scoffed and I laughed, pulling him towards me for another kiss. Authoress's Notes: Man, I am on a roll this week, aren't I? haha, just kidding. SUMMARY: Devan McCoy could get any girl he wanted, and any that didn't want him. OTHER STUFF: Yes, the title came from the Tom Petty song . Also, each chapter title is a song title that goes with what's happening in the chapter. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS: I'd like to thank the academy, the little people…Okay, okay. At least within community limits, as far as she knew. Meet Jayden Walker. The band, that is. But his eating habits weren't what was on her mind. Devan had seemed to make it a personal mission to sleep with every legal, willing girl close enough to come into contact with one of his five senses. Which brought her back to her point of being the last of her kind. It was only earlier today that she'd been at Tanner's house—he had a recording studio in his basement, and the band was doing some warm-up practices for a gig—and Devan had explained how he was going to find a way to get Jayden into his bed. She knew everything about Devan, Marcus, Tanner, and Troy. Especially Devan, it seemed. So she went to sleep. He didn't respond. He sighed, closed his eyes briefly, and stared at his younger sister. He stopped in the driveway, sighed again, and turned to look at her. He nodded. She smiled. Troy smiled over at his sister. He smiled as they pulled into the back parking lot of the downtown Marley's. Jayden found her way through the dance floor and up to the bar. The band took the stage, and the crowd went wild. At this point Troy took the honors of the guitar solo, usually something Devan did himself. And I'm. The sound faded and was replaced by cheers and whistles. Suddenly Devan rose his arms from the stage and dropped them, signaling silence in the crowd. Jayden felt a chill run through her. Baby, baby, baby. The other instruments backed out and Marcus let his guitar rest for a harmonica solo, earning another smile from Jayden. Your love is sweet misery. The sounds of the guitars and Devan's voice and Troy's backup voice faded away into the crowd's cheers again. Jayden smiled. The band made their way into the bar, where they were each swarmed by people, wanting anything from a dance to an autograph to buying them a drink. Now. Even as she walked around by the bar to see if he was there, she knew it was a mistake to look for him. There inside the storage room stood a very angry Devan, with no shirt on and loosely hanging, unzipped jeans, low on his hips. she stammered, not able to get a sentence out. She immediately closed the door and turned to lean against it. Jayden said goodbye to Troy and his date, who smiled and waved as he had, and headed for her car. Devan shook his head, glanced up at a clock, then back down. With that, he left the room, and everyone was silent as they listened to Devan's footsteps up the stairs to the house. Tanner was the first to speak, but he wasn't friendly about it. Marcus replied. Troy looked down and sighed. It was Troy who said, So. Oh yeah, before I forget. REVISED! I have two sets of twins in my family. At the age of eighteen Matt and Chaise are the eldest twins. Now when it concerns Travis and Jason, they are completely differing to the pervious pair. My father – Jonathan Matthews – is a busy man. The woman is psychotic and mentally deranged. You know what? And then there is finally me. I'm the only girl in my family save my grandmother, but she doesn't count. Ok, so I'm exaggerating, but seriously it does feel like it. I think my grandmother is the only person in this world who doesn't treat me as if I'm some weak person. So as I was saying, I'm virtually a non-existent being. Anyways, two is more then enough for me. Toni is the type of girl who stands up for herself. You guys don't even know what's happening right? That's where ladies and gentlemen, my trouble started. You know when you watch those clichéd teen movies and the lead characters enter through the high school main doors and suddenly everything slows down and becomes utterly cool? I mean the guy isn't even good-looking. Fine… I lied. It's really unfair. Ugh, my sick mind and me. Marika Bentley was not a bimbo. She's like a walking talking Barbie doll. the boy next to me exclaimed, again rudely breaking me out of my reverie. The thing about Conan is that he's not like other guys, well in more ways than one obviously. I stopped. yep I was acting cool all right,  Shut UP! I could've kissed her right there and then! I don't know who's blush was worse, his, or mine but I knew one thing for sure, I was going to kill HER! Yes you did hear right. I've tutored him for two months now, and as sad as it seems, we have absolutely no chemistry together. Anyhow it was 6 o'clock and I was stuck outside the large castle-like building called the town library. As I was saying, I was outside the building grimacing at the rain that was slowly spitting down on to the earth. Dylan's conscience: NOOO! Yep. I have no way of transport, well except for walking offcourse, but at the moment that didn't seem too appealing. Sighing yet again, I started walking. Stopping next to a fork leading to an alleyway, I decided to take the dark road that was a shortcut to the street where my house lay. Not many people used the barren place as a thoroughfare since it was considered as transporting strip. Looking up at the sound of motorbikes, I furrowed my eyebrows. My worst thoughts were confirmed when the guy on the middle bike stepped off the blue tinted vehicle and started sauntering towards me. He turned his head towards the other two bikies and signalled them to leave. He was, to say the least, the scariest guy I have ever met… well seen considering I've never met him. Not many people knew much about him considering he was like a brick wall, solid and hard to break down. Vance Bentley was quite good looking… in his own weird way. It wasn't until he was a few feet from me did I realise what exactly was happening and why the topic of Vance Bentley was taking place. Whoa… where had that come from? It was the first time that I had a proper chance to take in his appearance regardless of the fact that I was shit scared. A small dimple was evident on the side of his left cheek. Jesus Christ the guy was checking me out! I was mortified, how dare he? I stubbornly reported folding my arms so I could at least try to hide my bra. Vance Bentley smiled slightly. I replied stepping back. My first friend gave a wail of a laugh and almost fell off the bank wall he was sitting on. Ugh! In my rage, I'd sort of forgotten that I hadn't told them about my money problems. I threw my hands up in defeat. I stepped closer to the both of them, fluttering my eyelashes as I held my hands underneath my chin. Tristan broke, wincing away from my puppy dog eyes of cuteness. Mimi'd been silent for a few minutes so I was already wary of what she would say. Damnit. Mimi raised a brow before she gave a little sigh. I didn't understand why everyone always wanted me to drive. I changed it again. I pulled my face away from the limo window to turn to my lawyer, Johann Schmitt. I nearly snorted, dilly-dallying? Despite myself, I winced at his words. There was a long silence in the car before I started laughing. The driver winced and turned away, getting ready to get out of the vehicle, but Johann beat him to it, leaving me in a heap on the floor. I pushed myself up on all fours and crawled to the window, amazed that it was still intact. Squinting, I attempted to peer around Johann to see who the driver was. Strangely, the accident had blasted feelings of self pity right out of me. He was not a senior citizen. He had me breathless. His pouting lip quivered again and his hand suddenly covered his face as he shook his head. The collision slammed all the air out of my lungs. My arm felt like it had been hit by a ton of bricks from where Tristan collided and my fingers on my opposite arm felt broken as they dug into the steering wheel. The back of the car was in the best condition since it was a head on collision, so Tristan left the car first and I was relieved when he came around my side and helped me slip out from where the front end had compacted. The front end was crushed beyond recognition, as smoke billowed from her engine. Tristan said after a while. What the hell? Glaring at Tristan, I watched as he rubbed the back of his neck in apology. Obviously I could see it. Damage? That wasn't even me that was Mimi. Wait, did he just call me a druggie? Oh my God! A new, deep sexy voice questioned. Tristan hit me in the back so hard I almost fell over. I bit my lip and was horrified to taste blood when I did. Sexilicious, as I had named him in my head, nodded while his lawyer looked at him like he was crazy. He wanted me to sleep with him instead of paying him the money? Tristan ran a hand through his hair. Tristan and I both winced at that. Somehow, though I may never know how, Tristan shook off what Mimi said. I hated Tristan. He looked slightly taken aback by my practical snarl. I looked at him as if he were insane. Great. Did I say that I hated them in the beginning of this? he was shaking his head when I looked over at him. There was a movement in the corner of my eye and I noticed Tristan stumble. I stared. What. In that moment, Peter Grayson knows the ritual has begun. The lights of the city blur together, swirling, whirling, twirling in a brilliant blaze of red, green, blue, and white. The taxi slams to a halt before Peter realizes that they have arrived. They've reached the door. Their mouths collide. But it's Leight, of course, who moves the proceedings forward, clawing at Peter's coat, his sweater, belt, pants, briefs, and one by one they fall to the ground. Somehow, they arrive at Leight's bed, having managed to only knock over one lamp and two stacks of books on their way. Leight is everywhere at once, his hands, his mouth seem to cover all of Peter's body simultaneously. A finger slips into him easily, then another, and another. Leight laughs, striking a low, rumbling resonance. It burns, of course, but Peter doesn't object. This is their ritual. That night Peter dreams they have a new case. Leight stands over the body, staring steadily at it. Peter puts on a pair of rubber gloves, crouches down, and, carefully, pushes the body onto its back. The next morning, Peter awakes to the shrill ring of the telephone. In no time at all, they're in a taxi, headed straight for the historic district. The three rooms look as if they've been cut out of an upper-class home and gardens magazine. Leight stands over the body, staring steadily at it. Peter puts on a pair of rubber gloves, crouches down, and, carefully, pushes the body onto its back. Peter sincerely hopes that Leight is joking—he doesn't want to be the one cleaning up the mess if Leight develops food poisoning—but he complies all the same. Peter is drawn to the window, a moth to flame. Peter knows, intellectually, that he should be put off by Leight's arrogance. The building marked  on South Street is not Mr. Wilson's place of work. They open the door of the establishment only to be greeted by a dense cloud of smoke. Peter's insides are all mixed up. There's a man standing just beyond the threshold. He ignores Larry's horrified expression and pushes into the interior of the building. Peter tries to hide his disappointment. A bead of sweat appears on Larry's abnormally small forehead. Peter is not satisfied. That signals the end of the conversation. They are standing in the kitchen of their apartment. Peter sighs. Peter does not scream; he does, however, jump backwards in thinly repressed fear. Without warning, Leight turns him around. Leight kisses him, and it's different (and not just because this is the first time such an event has not been preceded by the solving of a case). Peter can feel Leight's breath hot against his skin. For a world-renowned private investigator, Malcolm Leight is truly an idiot. They are sitting on the couch, and their lobster still has at least five hours of rotting to do. Peter does not sleep that night. Even after he analyzes a tissue sample with exactly the same level of bacterial growth as the original lobster (thirteen and a half hours past time of lobster execution), he can't sleep. The room goes dark after Peter switches off the halogen lamp beside his microscope. Leight says. Leight reeks of opium and saffron. Of course, none of this matters to the Captain, the Lieutenant, or Dennis Wilson. Leight's smile intensifies. Dennis Wilson has finally spoken. Dennis Wilson doesn't answer. Mr. Wilson is deathly pale. This is when the ritual is supposed to begin, Peter realizes. This is not their ritual. Leight does, however, pin Peter against the closed door. Peter's eyes flutter shut. Leight murmurs. Peter tries to gasp, but Leight snatches his breath away with his lips. Peter wishes this was easy, a sunny, breezy summer day, but it isn't. Peter is tired. He goes to his bed—not Leight's, not the couch, not floor—sits down, kicks off his shoes. he sighs. I hesitated, just for effect. Note to Self: ……something about never running out of condoms. I cut him off smugly  I stood, whipped out a cigarette and moved towards the door  I shot over my shoulder, slamming the door behind me. I closed my eyes and leant my head back against the wall picturing my oh-so fuckable younger step-brother. I looked up at the sudden voice, to find Luke staring down his freckles at me. He asked all politely and shit…damn I want to fuck the politeness out of him. And she heard loud, heavy footsteps running all over the playground, looking for perfect hiding spots. She shrieked, her green eyes bright with pure admiration for the male lead in the movie. He bit out sarcastically, and then stared at her attire for the day. And for the first time in her life, she wished she would fail every single test. She pried after a moment of silence, her heart beating loudly against her rib cage. Ashton teased, earning a light punch from the side. She managed to choke out with a watery smile, then turned away so that she could board the train. a/n: UH. A/N: Ok, this is not the story I've been way busy writing for the past year. The first thing I see when I open the door is the note from my mother. I push the door shut behind me, and walk through the front room, sneaking a peak into the kitchen to make sure my mother really isn't there before I stalk up the stairs. Upstairs is the landing, nearly as dark as the stairs but not quite. When I get upstairs, I look into my mother's room to make sure that she's not there. Next stop is the bathroom, mid landing. After the bathroom, my brother's room. Bryan is the next big football star, or so he claims. Pushing down the handle on the door to Bryan's room always makes me feel really nervous. His room is plastered with football posters. I walk into my room and drop my backpack on the floor with a thud. I loosen the tie around my neck but leave it on. In this house we've got a computer each; I've got one, Bryan's got one, my mother's got one. I'm just about to log onto one of those sites when my mobile phone rings. Suddenly I've lost all reason to scan the internet for any visual stimuli. Shane is Irish. I flip my laptop shut and walk over to my bed. Have a nice wank, mate. I lose myself in thoughts of Shane's voice, of his silky soft skin, raven black hair and dark blue eyes as my hands reach down to undo the buttons of my black school uniform trousers. If I'd ever last long enough to finish the fantasy, I'm sure it would end with Shane making sweet, sweet love to me whilst whispering words of passion in my ear. This is why I don't make fun of Bryan's Girl's Aloud poster. I can't even begin to tell you how scared it makes me. I've had a crush on Shane since he started in my class two years ago. So we were 14. He's yet to see through mine. When we're done, I'll always wrap my towel around me, trying to dry off in the most modest manner possible. A couple of times over the past two years I've lost control and let my eyes wander over his skin. I don't think he noticed. Back in my room on the 27th of April. As the summary suggests this is a ONE-SHOT. His lips were moving, but no sound was coming out. History has to be the most boring class ever. Every high school has its own Golden Boy. Adrian was our Golden Boy. Sometimes, I wonder when I'll wake up from my dream, only to be crashed by the harsh reality of the situation; because in this 'dream', the cliché of the nerdy girl and popular jock falling in love did happen. I just nodded my head, unable to trust my voice. Lime green eyes was the only thing I managed to get a glimpse of before I got backed against the cold wall, warm lips covering my own in a frenzy, desperate kiss. How much I'd longed for this. I molded my body to his, pressing it tightly against him in an attempt to feel his hard body as close to mine as possible. He had once told me that I was a minx in disguise. He stiffened at my words, then let me go and took a step back. I stood there numbly, trying to comprehend everything that had been said between us in the last few minutes. I almost laughed out loud at the irony of the situation. He put his hands on my hips and pulled me close to him. It actually felt good, I suddenly realized. he smiled after we broke apart, pointing to the outrageous position we were in. Summary: My life is just great, I'm already failing math, I really hate my step brother's girlfriend. Well during that painful year I was stuck at my Aunt Susan's house. Living with my Aunt Susan was the worst year of my life. A year later I had enough of my Aunt Susan, she leaves beer all over the counter and she never cleans up. Christian families do not necessarily loose their virginity when their 14. I have black mousy hair that curls at the end no matter how hard I try to straighten it, tan skin that matches my striking green eyes. I live in New York and my mom lives in California, in a little town called Petersburg, so I had to sit for hours on a plane. I quickly walked down the steps to the pick up area of the airport, seeing cars lined up to drop off and pick up their family members. I have no idea what car my mom was taking, because I have no idea what car she has. I didn't even go to her wedding; I know what a selfish thing to do. I muttered to my self, trying to tune out their little reunion. I pushed my hair behind my ear having enough of it smacking me in the face. Ok seven minute late, I'm over reacting. I sighed; it is just way to cold. I couldn't tell if he was trying to go for the clean look, or the fishing look. I chose not to say anything and got off the bench grabbed my bags and waited impatiently. he said jangling the keys. I asked anxiously. I slammed the door and fascine my seat belt. This car was great, if this is for his son, they most be a rich family. Hah! As I got out the car I took the time to analyze the house, and it sure wasn't a farm. For an old guy he was kind of fast. Like Stacie, and Jesse yea I just don't feel right switching the names every time. The sun was slowly setting, creating a picturesque background of land and sky intertwining their beauty together. Marco and I met two years ago. he began, looking a bit awkward. I clamped my mouth and covered it with my hands. Later that day, I was told that his family moved to New York, and he didn't even have the decency to break the news to any of us - his closest friends. Hey everyone! If Stephanie Fields was asked to describe herself, she'd say she was ordinary, calm and cautious. Ivan stood as tall and proud as always, despite his seventy-five years. Listening to the drone of the minister's voice, he absentmindedly watched the little white puffs of vapour that appeared with each breath the man took. They'd had a wonderful life together, with four children and twelve grandchildren. Of course, the children were grown now with their own families and the house had become much quieter in recent years, but as long as his wife had been by his side, it hadn't mattered. His eldest son, Daniel, touched his shoulder and he started. Looking at his son, he met the boy's concerned gaze and gave a brief nod before starting to walk towards the car. He hesitated. His voice sounded gruff, even to his own ears, but Mary just smiled and wrapped her hand around his upper arm. Stephanie Fields sat inside the hair salon nervously chewing her lip and looking at her own reflection. Paula was a perky, dark haired, ball of energy, the total antithesis of her best friend and boss. Almost every day for the past two weeks, she'd been plagued by one problem or another. She took a deep breath and made her decision. didn't agree. celebrated. a drummer boy to be in this room unless. see it is not here, I should be going. bit younger. really don't, but I do want to see Brigid happy. country, and even then I have never seen such a shade. again. knew he would. it. soft green eyes widened. had not realized you were here. She looked back to Kian, somewhat uncertain. Somehow, Kian looked. hope. game are you playing at, Kian? power we wield. little drummer. He's the one you. them for the first time, starting rather visibly. so overprotective of him. explain to one who has not grown up with the concept. enamoured of the concept ever since I first realized that I.. to laugh, but it was a lost cause from the beginning. don't want you throwing up on her. lips, tongue, and breath were a safe distance away. you said you wouldn't touch. have been with. him. muscular chest and. orders to be informed when your brother proposed. strands. face and he leaned heavily against the door for support. were going to tell you. truth. shook his head. find a bride, not for you, but for your brother. of continuing the line. either of us expected, and you. Life as a public relations director is hectic, but I'm used to hectic. So right, hectic… bring it on. People's dreams are crushed, they are used, married for money and unless you are somebody big with crowds of fans, then you are nobody. At school, you keep the kids busy. It's like letting the kids go out to recess. With stars, you only get this treatment when the camera is rolling or the press is around. And how has this ability come back to bite me in the ass? There was Jessica Marsh. While she was my nightmare, she was working on a movie And Then There Was One. Oh and then there was Callum Edwards. So now one must wonder, who is my current nightmare? So why is Kiernan Maitland on the Black Files? Not that Kiernan always plays the villain. Mostly Kiernan sticks to horror movies. He has never asked though. He's not condescending where he doesn't acknowledge me because he believes I am beneath him and I cannot say in all honesty that he ignores me. His first name means 'little dark one' and it suits him except for the 'little' part. His hair was… five points to whoever guesses it… yes, it was black. At times, I will admit I find it unnerving to stare into those eyes. Author Note: This is my first attempt at original fiction. The heat in the courtroom was oppressive. She had worn the most demure outfit she could find, a simple black dress and jacket matched with a small string of pearls that her mother had given her and simple pearl drop earrings. On her left, her mother was fanning herself with a copy of that morning's newspaper. her mother muttered, not really expecting an answer. At that moment, the door at the far end of the room opened, and the twelve jurors traipsed back in. she persisted, pulling free from her mother's grip and moving out into the aisle of the courtroom. Garrett shook him off. She wasn't listening. she pleaded,  the officer started to drag her away as firmly as he dared in her condition. He gave the spectators a chance to digest this. The room erupted. words. "And. know the pretty reddish color. 'Don't tell her Jessie. 'Well. now. "What about. screaming 'We did it! Nicole Evans. did i- are you okay"? whispered almost silently. A/N: Revamp of Foxified. Luke said. Taciturn and lonely. Luke could almost see himself saying those words. Without realizing, Luke had started to rub his left arm. A/N: Guys, with the passing of Slim Pickings. WARNING: This is a sequel. Alex sighed and stood up, walking over to the door and opening it, seeing the sight of his beautiful boyfriend standing there in an apron. Aaron and he, after talking on the bus ride, became fast friends. And Aaron…well, don't get him started. Along with Aaron, there were many, many wickedly cool people he'd met here. And then Penelope, Aaron's good friend, who was a Psychology major who thought she was a hippie. Then, Christina of course, but she didn't go to school. Aaron grinned back. Clayton grabbed Alex's arm and pulled him down the hallway. And, only five minutes late, they managed to get in the auditorium, as their regular professor was speaking. Clayton rolled his eyes to Alex as they both paused. Clayton's eyebrows knitted but he didn't comment. Alex shrugged and shook his head before entering and going directly to the bathroom. Clayton shrugged, closing his notebook without saving whatever it was he was working on. Clayton shook his head and left the apartment. Nobody really knew why these 'attacks' started. As Clayton climbed onto his bike and started towards the popular housing area off-campus. Aaron sighed, watching Clayton pull away on his bike. He sat on the couch and stared at the random thing Clayton had been watching. He'd tried to get in contact with his boyfriend's family about a week after these attacks had started, but the address in Kentucky he'd been given couldn't be found. He'd talked to everyone, Clayton, Penelope, Gladys, Sarah, and all of their friends. After five years, Aaron had never met his boyfriend's family. Aaron rested his face against a hand and stared off to the side. He got up and went to the kitchen, starting a cup of tea as he thought. He talked to Sarah, the Clinical Psychology major working on her doctorate. Aaron could love him enough for the both of them until Xander finally either loved him back or found someone he could love. parts of his anatomy. got more stressed. winced. Nick laughed". daddy"? the school? is ridiculous. He was the epitome of cool. Fortunately, I'm not affected by him unlike many of my gender. Anyway, getting more to the point. In year 7, I met and became friends with Patrick (who is currently my best friend). Pat looked at me in puzzlement before bursting out laughing. Well, finding out that Pat batted for the other team, or should I say, the same team, released me from my infatuation rather harmlessly, with little to no emotional scarring. Having an unbelievably cool brother does have its highlights. Over the last couple of years I've dated my share of what I term 'safe' guys. I'm now in my final year of high school, I'm allowed to make some reckless mistakes before I have to make my way in the 'big-bad-world', aren't I? I know what I want, and what I want is what I've been avoiding for my whole schooling life. I could just see the expression on his face. My brother was tall, at least 6'3, and he had the whole sun-tanned, blonde pretty-boy thing going for him. I paused to check my make-up in the rear-vision mirror, tugging at a lock of my hair in an absentminded gesture. I scooted out of my car, conscious of what the leather seat felt like sliding across the bare skin of my thighs. I cried, crossing my arms, irritated. Pat looked around. I drew in a measured breath to compose myself. Callum nodded at Pat and Gareth in greeting. Callum was going to be pinched. Lunch was usually a mediocre affair, but today the cafeteria was abuzz with gossip. Pat was strutting around, striking poses, soaking up the attention to our group like a sponge. I think I should have been pleased with my success, but I just felt embarrassed at the attention. With that thought, my eyes zero in on my target. I grinned. Patrick gagged, grabbing my attention. I wanted to raised my eyebrows at her and ask who she was calling a skank. What was up with the name calling, what is she in? I felt sorry for him because he obviously did not want to be doing this. Drusen Lafayette was grinning, or rather leering, at me. I couldn't help but wonder at his attention. I thought of Ricky. I was at a loss. This was way too easy. Callum steered me towards the table he normally sat at. Great, it seems like every girl that so much as looks at Callum is entitled to a little piece of him. As if he'd read my thoughts, he turned up the wattage of his smile, his brilliant green eyes holding me in a trance-like state. I wanted to choose one of Callum's eyes so I would have an excuse to look into them, but thought it would be just a little much. I looked over to find Callum staring at my lips intensely, for a heart-stopping moment I thought he was going to kiss me, but alas, it was not so. I was surprised he admitted to being shallow, but then I don't know him all that well. I wrinkled my nose in what I hoped was a cute manner. When the bell went he offered to walk me to my next class. I was grinning when I got home. He chuckled. Well, there went my good mood. By Friday I was becoming used to the attention, that and the fact that a student had been caught having an affair with the new male P.E. teacher, which had deflected most of the interest away from me. I just turned around to look at him sceptically, but he was still looking at the girls. Okay, so I wasn't really surprised he said things like that. We've had lunch together twice, once in the company of his friends, and the other in the company of mine. Callum had been openly attentive towards me. I felt that there was something developing between us, I wasn't really sure what though. Pat was torn between raptures and jealousy of the relationship forming between Callum and myself. Drusen had made a couple overtures towards me, but seemed to lose interest when I slipped into conversation the fact that my dad was a cop and my mum was a lawyer. It was strange, I had called Ricky on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, and hadn't got through to him. I hadn't spoken a word to him since last week. My Mum and Dad trusted me when I went to parties because they knew I wouldn't drink to excess, or at all for that matter because I became violently ill whenever I touched alcohol. Friday night had been fun. Callum had greeted me the moment I got out of Gareth's car, and had not been far from my side since. I directed him to my house when we reached a familiar junction. I can't believe it. I thought about it. I took the easy option out. I was lying on my stomach reading on an exercise mat in the deserted gym opposite the boys change rooms. I rolled on to my back, bent one leg at the knee and stretched the other into the air, supporting it with both hands behind the knee. I held back a self-satisfied smile. Callum made his way over to me. I took both his hands in mine and guided them from ankle down my extended leg. There was a twinkle in his eye and I knew he was enjoying this to no end as he lightly massaged the area. Instead of calling Ricky after school I drove over there only to be told by Cam that he wasn't going to be home for hours since he had afternoon lectures today. Why was I so desperate to talk to Ricky? His nostrils flared as if smelling the lie by omission. I pulled a piece of paper out of my back pocket. I glared at him. Callum took me to lunch on Tuesday, and on Wednesday I declined lunch but accepted an after-school rendezvous. I'm kind of ashamed of myself because I don't even remember what movie we went to see. I was strung tighter than a harp string, sitting almost on the edge of my seat. He had gently turned my face towards his, the touch of his fingers light because I needed no persuasion. The kiss had been fantastic, as I knew it would be. I shook the annoyance off, deciding to enjoy my time with him. Actually, I had a hard time trying not to look at the girl myself. He grinned sheepishly. Involuntarily my eyes kept straying to the phone. I forgot all about the phone I was holding in my hand. As I walked back to the kitchen, knowing full well my father would still be rummaging through the fridge, I realised I wasn't all that disappointed about the cancelled date. Friday dawned, and I felt a swell of anticipation. I looked down at my legs. Again I shrugged indifferently. Pat rolled his eyes. Pat would have pouted, but he swore never again since someone had once said it had looked like the back end of a cat. I threatened darkly. Callum was waiting for me outside my classroom. Callum pulled me away from the lunch crowds to an unoccupied classroom. He pulled away from me. I thought of the way he checked out that cheerleader before he'd pulled me into the room, and smothered a smile. Two weeks had passed since that telephone conversation with Ricky. I tug at the frayed edges of my 'Daisy Duke' jean shorts, I feel ridiculous and cold. I sat in my car, trying to scrape some courage together for the second time that day. The corner of his mouth twitched. I choked up. I trembled in the face of his unexpected wrath. He groaned and I felt a shiver of excitement run through me. One of his hands cradled the back of my head tenderly, as the other held my body tightly against his, and oh it felt so good. We were desperate, almost savage in our desire to devour one another. I let my fingers run through his hair, mussing his currently blue mohawk beyond repair. I smiled a secret smile. I said, sneaking one of my hands down his back. Even if it's with the person you least suspect. The noise. Summary: Guys aren't even supposed to have Diaries. My mother's getting drunk right now. As of now i'll enjoy the boisterous mood I have. I guess that's why I tolerate the few friends I do have. The journal felt alien in my hands. I had always waited for the class to clear out before exiting myself, I just couldn't find the energy to fight my way out of the classroom. My teacher, Mrs. Jonas, said while glaring at me. It was almost comical to believe the bad boy of the school had a journal and that I had found it. I knew I couldn't tell anyone about the diary, not even my best friend (Susy); not that we were that close to begin with. I found your diary and would prefer to keep anonymous for now. I think, we're all pretty much worthless. I've never actually thought of you as a delinquent. Um, I do plan on returning your diary. - MoronA/N: Okay, well new story, obviously. So If you viewed this and read this please take out a second to review this, you'll be noticed for it and it's greatly appreciated. This is what there is. It all started with Ray 'Ratso' Rastelli being an asshole. His round face went purple, and he cocked a fist back. Ray muttered. I said, sounding more resigned than I felt. He thumped my back, then began to steer me through the crowded, smoke-choked room. Seems that was the right thing to say. The girls giggled. He didn't look anything like his dad. Little Nicky's glare flicked to me again, and this time he actually saw me. A broad smile dawned over his face. When I brought Junior his coffee, he didn't take it from me. Then I went and got a chair where I could see him but not hear him. But it wasn't the girl he took with him when he left the party. Then I saw what I was going to be driving, and suddenly all I could feel was peace, joy, and goodwill toward men. The girl snickered uncomfortably. I got behind the wheel. He sat up front and let the lovebirds have the back seat. I drove. I had to call Tommy to find out where to take him. Nicky turned out to have a real nice penthouse apartment to go with his gorgeous car. you shitting me? Jude stretched his arms as he stood in line; ready to leave the Country of Russia that he had fun spending his time in. At the age of twenty-three, Jude Hayes was on top of the world, sitting on his empire of money. He had wanted to call her and return her phone calls. Katelyn sighed as she walked in, blowing her bangs annoyingly away from her eyes, smiling when she saw Laurie sitting on the couch in the large apartment. Laurie hadn't changed over the five years. Two years back he asked her to marry him, which Katelyn thought was the sweetest thing in the world. Katelyn threw her hair up in a ponytail, bringing down strands to frame her face and she glanced at Laurie, seeing her new tan that she got from the beach. Laurie sighed, applying more eyeliner to her eyes as she stared at herself in the mirror. Katelyn stopped searching through her purse, glancing up briefly before forcing a small smile, looking back into her purse. Laurie shrugged, making her best friend smile. Katelyn sighed, keeping the smile on her face. Zach glanced at the telephone as it started to ring, glancing at the time as he stood up, yawning loudly. She smiled when she took out a picture of Jude and herself from the third grade at a zoo. And you're not who you used to be. Their relationship was a surprise to her, but it happened. She pulled out a note that was folded, unfolding it gently and staring with emotionless eyes as she read 'I LOVE YOU' that was written in big letters and had a smiley face. What happened to the moments. she told him, getting up with the box and placing the top back over. she answered quietly, giving him a small smile as she let thoughts race through her mind. This would've been out ALOT sooner, but I had uploading issues for at least a week or more, so sorry for the wait. So yes, it's clearly five years later, most of the characters in college. (Repost. The large swimming pool ahead of them allowed for Scott to simply conclude the separate (but second-level patio joined) two-story extension to be a pool house. Zachary Hayward, with hair to match his father and features to match his mother, handed the less full of the cups to a girl just two years younger than him as she reached up for it. Anastasia Aston obediently took the cup she was given between two hands, still sitting with her legs bent against the blanket, her bare feet beside her hips. The two had grown up together mainly due to the fact that their parents had been friends for years. Zach said nothing, merely stared unhappily down at the plate through his dark hair for a few moments. Ana's blue eyes followed Zach as he got to his feet, the guilt remaining in her tensed features even as she nodded. Zach only made it a few steps until he saw the empty Oreo bag beside his dad and gritting his teeth in frustration, he turned on his heels to watch his mom set down a plate of chips. Zach shook his head a little as he reached out for the bowl of chips, sliding it closer to himself in the process as he lifted one. Gavin was currently manning the grill, applying cheese to the already cooking burgers as he cast a look over at the two children. Looking over from Zach to Gavin instead, Ana again simply nodded as she tried to stop feeling guilty for having eaten all the cookies. Zach nodded, chewing the last of a few chips he'd quickly eaten as he pushed himself up to stand. Alex looked up from the bite of pasta salad she'd been eating, easily taking notice of what Zach was asking and with a short nod, she leaned aside to begin fishing through the small mesh beach-bag she'd brought over for the deflated swimmies within. Ana quickly spoke up in agreement. Scott gave Gavin a tired look, hating when he played the kinder of the two. Zach chimed in, his brows rising as he reached out to take Ana's forearm gently and ease her closer to his side as he waited. Zach shared in Ana's excitement mainly due to how close the two were and wearing a bright smile of his own, he leaned down just a few inches to smile at her. Zach was usually one to jump in at first to get wet, but he knew he had to stay with Ana the entire time. While she was on the last of the steps leading to the low-end of the pool, he knew she still wanted him close to help. Ana might have been nervous. Though Gavin had caught a glance of the two in the water, he concluded they were safe enough and said nothing. Sputtering a bit from unexpectedly slipping beneath the surface, Ana brought her hands up to push her soaked hair back from her face, a quiet cough leaving her before she found herself laughing. Zach replied with a smile at how optimistic and cheerful she was over such a simple thing. In the course of only half a decade, the two childhood friends were slowly coming to realize that they couldn't remain as close as they once had been - at least one of them was realizing it. Zach had no doubt that Ana could keep up with him and his friends, but he had no desire to allow her to tag along every single time. -but Ana didn't want to hang out later. he groaned as he remained seated on his bike and leaning against a foot to keep it unmoving. Ana caught herself as she began to whine. Zach could only hope that she would grow to understand and they could keep their friendship as they went in whatever directions they would. His eyes dropped to the digital watch he sported and he sighed at length as he dropped it back to his thigh and began to shake his head to himself. Zach smiled pathetically at her excitement and nodded slowly as he pushed against the driveway with his foot and glided down into the street. shoulder anyway and grins. raises both eyebrows. Kringle smiles softly. totally cockblocking me with that hot guy, dad. him. Rudy crows. adorable? heaves a sigh over the phone. nods. busy to toast marshmllws? hesitates. is such a bastard. backhands him. and what do they do? Rudy says, in a small voice. Okay. purses his lips. Stay the night. Jack agrees. It's a Business Doing Pleasure With YouHe was looking for a way for his parents to stop bugging him about a wife. Noelle Brooks smiled at the elderly gentleman who gave her his order of a tall, straight black coffee. she smiled in return. Noelle called to the back as she finished zipping her leather jacket up. Leslie replied from her closet in the back where she was stocking up. She brushed away the frustrated tears that raced town her face, stinging as the wind pushed at her face. Noelle pushed through her small, cracked apartment door to the smell of chicken. Noelle rolled her eyes. Connor huffed as she began to stir some weird concoction of noodles. Kole Harper. Pushing through his office door early that Friday morning, he could not help but grimace at the paperwork lying upon his desk. Most of his day consisted of signing paper, making phone calls, and talking to some of the staff. Pushing the top floor button in the elevator, he stood back to lean against the wall and closed his eyes. Kade grinned, a resemblance to their father's own grin. Connor begged, pulling Noelle's hands into her own. I have made it to 50,000 words but it's not yet finished. I would love to hear what you have to say. Where did I dissapear to? Some of you do know, but if you don't, I've been dealing with right knee and right hip issue for years now( patella tracking disorder, and sciatic nerve damage in the right hip due to the inbalance in my right side) . After my orthopedic surgeon sent me back to physical therapy in preperation for potential surgery (that, and my condition had to deteriorate MORE for them to actually perform surgery). I gave him a W-T-F look but did as he said. So for the following six weeks, three times a week I had physical therapy with this guy, and it was all weight training. Speeding up a bit: after the end of the six weeks, I noticed that walking was easier. And I think I started pushing my limits with the weight training. Speed up to present time. So, that's what I've been doing for the past year folks. My body is bruised and battered from the training. I say loudly. One feather makes its way out of my headdress and hangs in front of my eyes like a hypnotist's pendant. Unsurprisingly, my knee hits the ground. Finally, I bow and kiss the queen's hand. I rise and curtsy to the other royals present before giving one last curtsy to the queen. Finally, I exit the room uninjured. Then the other debutantes point and laugh at me. An hour later, a lady relays the incident to her footman—then that footman repeats the story to the other servants. PrologueDisclaimer: This is the only disclaimer I will ever write, and you can't say I never told you so. The first thing I remember about that summer is that it was way too hot for clothes. cried my mother as she peered quite noticeably out the front window. And yet my four sisters and I all stopped what we were doing (read: nothing) scurried to get a glimpse of the new neighbors. Brylee was right to wonder. Once it was obvious that there was no one else moving in, Brooke immediately grew disinterested. My mouth practically dropped open at this order. Let me just start off by saying; I don't know how to cook. I wouldn't be standing outside right now with my little sister, Reese, and my little brother, Aiden. Sirens started blaring in the distance and I knew that this was only going to be the beginning. My mom said. Dun dun duuuuuun. I started praying. Warning: this story is rated MATURE. Mr. Morris chuckled,  he left his threat unfinished; making Amber's heart skips another beat. Amber walked on wobbly legs, making some major effort to not fall down on her face. Walking out of the company that she worked in for the last year, the only thing Amber was thinking about was Mr. Jones, her apartment owner. The second Amber set a foot in her apartment, her cell phone rang. . With that said, the speaker hung up. Her head bobbed up and down his shaft, swallowing as much as she could of the thick cock. Tristan had to fasten his own climax, thinking of how he'll take Debra's daughter, how he's going to fuck her senseless and make her beg for mercy. Amber ran inside the building, still having two minutes of her forties. Amber couldn't help the gasp that came out of her mouth when the elevator's door opened. Amber nodded her head unable to form a word. The lunch went by slowly. How could she tell him that she's not allowed to have men in her apartment? She didn't know what to say, and felt stupid for saying that to her boss but her major concern now was to make sure she has coffee in her pantry; it's been a while since she bought anything at all. Amber squeaked when she heard Tristan's voice, he was standing in the kitchen door looking at her. With his free hand Tristan cupped Amber's breast, squeezing the tender flesh in his hand. She moaned in his mouth and wiggled her hands, but Tristan didn't let her go. Tristan removed his mouth from her lips only to start kissing her neck. She had kissed him back and he saw her topless… how on earth was she supposed to work in his company? She was still trying to figure out exactly which way he swung, which was something Nate had made sure to keep to himself. It wasn't that he was ashamed of what he was, he just enjoyed torturing his best friend by not telling her. Relieved laughter filled the air as both the boys and the girls sitting in the room relaxed, both for different reasons. Erik had never bothered to label himself. Nate, however, was a totally different story. By the time Nate had whipped his head around, the small flash of light that had illuminated the closet was gone. Nate could hear the figure pause at the door before taking a few steps forward. Nate could feel himself take a sharp breath as he heard the figure come to a stop in front of him. Nate was of decent stature, 5'7, though his frame was quite slim, especially for a teenage boy. Nate mumbled, swallowing hard as he tugged at his collar. Whoever was standing in front of him was definitely not female. was all Nate heard before a pair of soft, warm lips came down on his. Nate froze. This was just some sick joke him and his friends had set up for their sadistic amusement. This was a prime example of why he made a point to avoid High School Parties. AN: A very light hearted story I wrote just to force my inspiration to wake up. says Mrs. Emms, the elderly secretary at Wellingsten Local Hospital. Do you see? I was told that I will be assigned to him as one of his nurses, and after being told what I'd have to do, I'm beginning to question the job title. Nevertheless, I'm excited. I make my way to the second floor, trying not to feel intimidated by the clipboard-holding, head-torch-wearing doctors that stalk by. Ah ha! My hand advances towards the doorknob, and I barely even touch it before it flings open, sending the file rocketing out of my hands and my arse onto the ground. All right, so she had blue eyes and flippy blonde hair. And goddamn, I'm unfit. I hit a fork and am forced to decide: ER, bathroom or stairs. I tap my chin. Once I'm in, I catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror. The girl gasps and takes her hands away from her face to frantically wipe her eyes. And spit in my face and call me Po, if she isn't the most stunning girl I've ever seen. She looks so hopeful it breaks my heart. Her faces falls like sack of lead – yet she still looks gorgeous doing it. Boy, I would. She smiles in gratitude and looks down at her shoes. I glance down at the file,  I move to the side of his bed, ignoring his expectant look. He compensates for my name-calling by sparing a moment to look me up and down with a 'wtf? What? Oh, God. His mouth drops. And then comes the smirk. No! I blink. Miss. I blanch. Cautiously, as if walking through a minefield, I move to the side of his bed. I scowl and shove him into the bathroom, refusing to go any further. The question that is gurgling inside my head as I wait for him is this: Why in the heavens does Mandy Thrip like this guy? Speak of the devil. I resist the urge to sigh. Right about now, Mandy motor-mouths about all things Jake and please know that I'm doing you a favour by bleeping it out. I nod and stand up. I usher her out into the main lobby. I sigh and make my way back to Room S22. Oh. My head suddenly feels like it's being pinched by God's gigantic hands and I find myself on the floor. I wheeze. Jacob swears and lifts himself from on top of me. I say, nodding incessantly. I answer confidently. Thanks for the reminder, Bobo. he growls. I begin to walk down the stairs, with the intention of leaving him there by himself, only to have Miss. I wheel him to the physio building and am obligated to sit and watch him do his rehabilitative exercises (not that I'm complaining). He's in his crutches, practising, I presume, and I notice a chocolate muffin on his bedside table. Before I allow myself to feel flattered, I peek up from the sheets and blink from the muffin to Jacob. Oh Lord, bless him. I dance into Room S22, a little happier than I care to admit. Sleeping Beauty is, you guessed it, sleeping. Softly, my feet pad towards his bed and I take a long moment to admire his sleeping form. I tilt my head to the side and study his bed. With the utmost delicacy, I lean my other hand beside his pillow for balance and find that I can reach it if my whole arm is pressed across his chest. Satisfied, I let go of the button. I lean over his face and peer curiously at the contours of his nose and cheekbones and… lips. Wait. Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit, that cotton candy girl is going to kill me. Are you kidding me? They're not very graceful, either. Oh crap. I'm not kidding, it was terrifying. Okay. I feel dirty (not in a sexual way, because nothing happened, but in a meddling traitor way). Light bulb! I pinch my nose. The door swings open and lo and behold, there he is. I gulp. I narrow my eyes. His lips are on top of mine so quickly I find it a flabbergasting miracle that we didn't knock foreheads. The clatter of wood tells me that his crutches have been dismissed and his hands find its way onto the shelf on either side of my head as he wraps his teeth around my bottom lip and sucks on it, eliciting an embarrassing moan from my throat. Mandy replies, just as icily. I listen to Jacob's heavy breathing as a taut silence ties us up. Jacob hisses. I grunt, humourlessly. Anyway, I busted my knee (actually, I tore the ligament in my knee, but I don't really want to repeat it because it will automatically replay Jacob's laughter in my head) and let me tell you, it hurt like a mother-fo. So I am now reclined to the bed with my leg elevated past my head. My jaw unhinges. Thank goodness, it's in Jake's principals not to hit a girl. (I'm sorry, this note is so boring. Melissa Parker stared out her window into the dark, starry night. She stood and stretched before walking to her wardrobe to select an outfit as per her yearly tradition. she sang aloud, grabbing her diary from under her bed. But there's something significant missing and that is of course my lack of having a boyfriend. Oh well this year is gonna be different. Melissa re-read her entry and smiled. Miss. time. Miss Landshire". Strings". calling me that! told me"? want. instruments Sir. that? me"? anyone"? Would I have made something as farfetched as that up? An average Monday for an average girl—that would be me, by the way. Ah. He was quite boring today, actually. I thought he should know, so I shared, making it so I sounded as enthusiastic as the man across the street, who was mechanically poking at a dead bird with his walking stick. Marc had an awkward way of talking. Without any intentions of replying, as I was pretending to be rather wounded by his miniature outburst, I began to inspect the handle of my Easter basket. I picked out a chocolate egg and unwrapped the shiny pink wrapping, then popped the creamy chocolate into my mouth. I slung myself in front of him and he was forced to stop, nearly bumping into me. I held the egg back up and lifted my eyebrows expectantly. He rolled his eyes, shook a hand out of his pocket (apparently, it had been stuck), and took the chocolate from me. a lady was screaming out her door, standing on the porch and shaking her fist madly. He stopped by her gate and peered warily back at her. He slowly looked up at me, lips parted slightly. And then he cleared his throat, brushing his front off. I nodded, and then smiled a bit. He suddenly held out a painted egg to me, and I didn't have much time to wonder where it had come from. Not suspicious at all. I declined, showing him my basket of treats. He blinked at me, inching towards the basket. He carefully set the egg in my basket. The boy nodded enthusiastically, and then stiffly turned around and began to carefully adjust the ears atop his head. I nodded and began to trail after him. Guilt was immediately forgotten when an enraged roar sounded from behind me. he practically wailed. Her sister is getting married to her ex, her brother's sexual escapade is making headlines, her mother's going crazy, and her father's not speaking to any of them. With a sigh, I pulled a beer from the fridge and shoved the door closed with my backside. I interjected. I laughed at the memory. I pictured her pretty pout and grimaced. At first glance, Nora and I were obviously sisters. While I lived and breathed my career, Nora painted and volunteered at animal shelters. I rolled my eyes and took a long swig from my beer. Another lie, but this one was told with less irritation towards my sister. I throw my brown trench coat over my shoulders and stare up through my hair at one of my girlfriends, Soya. No. I run my hand through my bangs and give a scoff as she continues to ramble on at me. I whip around and grab her shoulders, deciding that I'd really like to shut her up right now. She tugs me against the lockers, and pushes some random geek away who's obviously just trying to get his books. I think I handled that well for me. His face goes bright red, and Soya finally breaks into hysterics. I command with a scruff tone that makes him freeze. Well, at least the idiot knows how to be quiet in the library. I lock the door to the backroom, and just as my uniform is beginning to leave me my phone rings. comes the call of my father over the phone. I bite my lower lip and shoot a glare down at the innocent faced Soya. He has such a happy sing-song tone to that thick Russian accent that I almost feel sick hearing him, and that's even with the blow job. The rest of the school day seems irrelevant and Soya is still clinging. Then again, my family's driver isn't exactly the prettiest man alive either. I can't stand admitting that he's my driver. Really, whatever grandpa did can't be half as bad as what my father and I do every day. The police car's sirens are blaring and my eyes instantly lock onto it. Her eyes fade in color for a moment as she sucks in a deep breath and I watch the lights of the sirens flash over her hair for a moment. Modest? When I get behind Kazimir, I notice he's as badly dressed as always. he says with a smile, fading into English. A few minutes later the door opens again and Modest 'Desya' Popov slips into the vehicle with sigh. He smiles dumbly and continues driving. I narrow my eyes at him and scoff, turning my attention out the window. A blush spills over his cheeks, and I manage a cocky smile. His face falls, and I can't help but break out into laughter. I reply with a solemn expression, stopping my laughter for a moment to grab him and bury my face in his shoulder. I suppress another set of laughter and raise my head to place my nose a few millimeters from his, my amber eyes shining into his auburn. I can't even begin to think of what interest my father has in him. He lets out a girlish squeal and throws his arms around my waist, seemingly not even noticing that he's clinging to me. The car leaves the city and begins heading towards one of my father's mansion estates outside of the city limits. As the car finally starts to decelerate, Modest pulls himself together and realizes that his pale face is buried deeply into the eagle design on my trench coat, a family symbol. Desya raises his hand and catches my wrist. He lets out a faint groan, but he doesn't release my wrist. I land a punch right square onto Desya's eye, and he shouts out in pain and grabs at it. I snarl up at him as Desya begins to curl up into sobs against the backseat. Kaz stretches slightly and then nods his head, suddenly kicking Desya in the back of the knees and sending him falling forward face-first onto the pavement. A/N: An experiment, since I unknowingly wrote it up. Yep, she was hot. Seth laughed, making a V sign with his fingers and poking his tongue through it like a serpent . The guys (except for Carlo who was writing, he was always writing. You may not know me, it's ok… I get all excited when people don't know me, because at my school I'm something of a celebrity, an infamous pupil. Why? There was a bit of a hullabaloo when I first started, believe me it wasn't easy… the whole media coverage about nepotism and how unfair it is and whatnot. I know what you're thinking, whoa all the hot guys I can choose from. I bat for the same team as the four gorgeous guys before me. My mom was a very diplomatic woman, it was how she was able to get to college in a family where their women were bred… for breeding. I sucker punched Seth in the board where his stomach was supposed to be, only hurting myself in the process. I smirked,  I drawled, Mikey pouted. I slung my arm over Carlo's shoulders (only having to tip toe a little) as I spoke in the fake Italian accent that I was horrible at. Damien's hazel eyes never left the girl's backside as he informed us of this. Carlo interrupted, his dark hair ruffled slightly by the breeze. I protested, but when Carlo fixed me with those Hershey's kisses eyes I couldn't help but comply. Wheeling around, I grabbed Damien's arm and dragged him away, he shook me off and walked ahead…with his head down -see? Catching her eye I made telephone gestures, mouthing. What do you think? Full Summary: Soon-to-be 18 year old Francesca is most commonly known as Checka. I had to remove all of my stories because of plagiarism. It's kind of difficult. She's beautiful, nice and completely out of his league. Ok, so back to my problem. I remember how we first met. It wasn't until six months later I found out. So, you want to know how I found out? Without the clothes. Anyhow, I like thinking that Victoria was like his celebrity crush or something. His little sister, cute as a button bounds down the stairs. Bugger. Hailey looks at me oddly. I smile weakly, wracking my brain for an excuse. She scoffed. The front door opens. he says. he starts. I demand. he's flabbergasted. Oh no, he did not just say that. It echoes. he tries again, trying to look sympathetic. I stomp around, thinking of ways to exact my revenge. I stop outside the door, wondering where to go next. …and the stupid hat that he thinks looks good on him, but frankly, should never be seen, except on Halloween. He won't let me get close enough for me to take another karate kick at him. Walking back out, I stalk proudly down their garden path, holding my head up high, forcing my lips into a straight line. Three years, and this is how it all ends. Oh, fuck it. I lifted my face to glare at him. Christy nodded and did as she was told. I cut myself off and looked down in the viewfinder again. Elijah rolled his eyes, but did as I asked. I looked into the view finder. I felt my scowl deepen as I got the shots. My models did as I asked. It was disgusting. I started winding the film back, and Christy relaxed. she asked as they headed towards me. I stuck my light meter into my camera bag, and unscrewed the Kiev 88 from my tripod. he said, rather non-chalantly. The light was quickly dimming, and I was happy I managed to finish the shoot before I'd lost all hope of natural light. I glared at him every time, until we reached the car. Plus, I just wanted to get my project done and turned in. Before too long we got back to campus. Elijah snickered, and I sent him a mock glare. I nodded, and took my camera bag from the trunk. I trudged along towards the art building, wondering how the pictures were going to turn out. I had a key to the photolab, as my professor liked me and knew I wouldn't flood the darkroom like a certain other sophomore had the year before. Printing photos is a lot of hurry up and wait. Not exactly the high and exciting life of action photography over here. I forgot all about Elijah as I agitated my tank. Finally, I put my film in the drier and nearly shrieked when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I said. He nodded, and we soon lost ourselves in eating. We finished eating right as the drier's timed cycle ended. I smiled at him, and quickly cut them up into manageable strips. I flashed a smile, though it was hard to make out expressions in the dim amber colored light. I closed my eyes and took in a deep breath. I had to smile at that. It was like a kick in the gut. Even in the dim amber light, I could see that Elijah was hurt by my stinging command. I stared at the photos in the trays, clenched my hands into my fists, and vowed I wasn't going to break down. I made it through the rest of my finals without too much struggle, and I hadn't spoken to Elijah since I kicked him out of the dark room almost a week earlier. I put the last photo I'd exposed into the fixer, and smiled. I trailed off. Elijah smiled, happy I wasn't snapping at him. she said. Elijah rubbed the back of his neck as he watched her walk out, almost like he was trying to figure out what she had meant. he said as I gently worked the ancient film onto a 120 reel in the changing bag. I said, and laughed in triumph. I made a face, but went back to concentrating on agitating the tank properly. I cried. I stopped dancing and turned to look at Elijah. I cringed. The only answer I deigned necessary was a disapproving glare. Before he had time to taunt me further, the dryer cabinet timed out. I nodded, and I set to work with my single-minded intensity. The woman was grinning ear to ear, and the little boy was glaring at the camera in typical cranky toddler fashion. The next photo was taken at a train station. Elijah asked. The next photo was back in the driveway of the first one. The second to last of the original photos struck me, and it was harder than anything I had felt when I saw the photos of Elijah and Christy kissing. Elijah didn't say anything when he saw the photograph develop. The last photo of the old family was perhaps the most real. It didn't matter. I turned around, not knowing what to say. There's something to be said about film photography. I fell back, collapsing on the stool I used to sit on when I was too tired of standing as I worked. Elijah said. Even in the dim amber light, Elijah's expression completely transformed. I was shaking as I stood up and started taking the negatives out of the enlarger. Hey guys! So I apologize for the name. My story, however, is far less interesting. Now, when most people picture a desk, they picture a beige writing surface with a little indent at the top to hold your pencil. But no matter what it looks like, there's something about a desk that just attracts writing utensils. I stared down at the newest message, written in pencil in his handwriting. I exited the classroom in the same absentminded state. Sam laughed. You're probably extremely lost right about now, so let me just take a few minutes to explain how it happened. This man never stopped talking. With my head propped up by my arm, I stared absentmindedly towards the front of the room. The guy had to be at least a couple million years old. Mr. Campbell never left his desk, which was half of the reason his class was so boring. I had a sheet of paper in front of me, but it was completely filled from top to bottom with drawings and writing. I went over the message continuously, making it darker each time. Even if Campbell was looking directly at me while I  school property, he wouldn't have noticed. Finally, the bell rang. Communication was slow. I often wondered if we would eventually run out of room, but I decided it probably wouldn't happen. For the time being, however, I began to look forward to the daily message on the desk. Although I knew all these things about him, I never made an effort to try and figure out who he was. 1. 2. Still, I couldn't help but wonder about him. As you can see, I have officially removed Beautiful Disaster from Fictionpress. He asked me where we were going and I told him the truth: that we were going home. It seems I am constantly serving these assurances, to ease human worries and console human loss. Do they understand that I am not the heartless creature they imagine me to be? The Reaper, they call me. I have heard the tone with which they whisper my name, as though fearful they might call down the wrathful thing of which they speak, casting terrified looks heavenward. My maker says to pity them. Cold, they call me. I am not the monster they name me. Truthfully, I have come to believe that the gifts they have received from their creator are beyond their comprehension. So focused they are on the path, as though they are incapable of understanding that the destination is the same regardless of faith or distinction. I have held the mantle of Death for so long that sometimes I no longer remember what it is to live. The emptiness sinks into the white of my bones, leadens my wings. I am immortal: yet only in that it is the only word in any language which comes close to describing it. My kindred are a loving species by nature. I cannot deny that I hunger. I have seen the light passed between human hearts, bound to their partner, a mate in ways deeper than those of nature's simpler beasts. Long ago I realized that I wished to know what it was to know such a powerful bond. I needed to know what it was to be willing to give everything for the sake of another being, and to feel only joy in doing so. There is a confession I must make, though I bear it with no grudge: not as some fearful Catholic schoolboy would when faced with his priest. I had long since given in to the impossibility of loving anything. I am both delighted and ashamed to feel as I do. All the same, I will do what I can to earn her trust. And I had done it again. Having a cupboard for towels inside the bathroom would have been a good idea. So now I was standing in the middle of the bathroom, naked, ready to get into the shower and without a towel. It was a giant teddy bear, courtesy of my baby brother. There was someone in front of me. I asked positioned the teddy bear's legs so I was completely sure I was fully covered, well… as fully covered as you could get with a bear. He paused and suddenly picked up a vase which was sitting on a side table next to him. I exclaimed. I cried out, starting to feel just a little self-conscious. I gave him my very best 'oh you think you're so smart? Was I completely insane? I slung the towel over the wall of the shower and got in before turning on the water. a/n- I don't really know where this came from, but it came, while I was in the shower funnily enough. Wiping her sweaty hands against her new white skirt, Emma Massioli stared out at the other eighth graders in their school gym. The young blonde stood against the wall, awkwardly, trying not to draw any extra attention to herself. Sucking in a breath, she looked at the exit, wondering if she should bolt for the outdoors and the cool air that would greet her. With shaggy brown hair and matching eyes, Jacob Monroe's presence had caused a huge wave at their school. Jacob asked, looking down at Emma's small form. Stepping to the side so she could pass him, his hands didn't leave her arms. Boys had never been an area of expertise to her. Her stomach extremely twisted up in knots now, she took another step towards the door. Pure surprise shone on Emma Massioli's young face. she said simply. For the next week, Jacob and Emma sat together at lunch and held hands between classes. The event didn't go unseen by Eva who teased her sister endlessly through the period about the kiss. Emma's mouth fell open. author's note : Here's the horribly clichéd story I promised you all in my info. \\A BIG HEARTFELT THANK YOU\\ However. Most of my works on this site were written a long time ago. insanely expensive? is this guy? she grinned. chuckled. smiled and nodded. K. Adamson? looked at me again. His sister followed him as he stalked out of the grand bedchamber and into the ivory hallway, knowing he was headed towards Cassandra's nursery. Dismissing the slave girls from the chamber Constantine bent into the handcrafted bassinet. His love, his Irune, now dead. The present came back to him once he felt a comforting finger wipe away from his cheekbone. And Helemis, that dear sister he adored so much, embraced him then, pulling his now limp body of muscle into her lithe arms. I was never your average human being. November 1st, my birthday, was one of those fantasy days. River Hill High; one of the toughest tech magnet schools to succeed in. Damn, I'm so close! Pressing the gas down, I attempted to turn the wheel just in time to make it into the right lane on the opposite side of the street. All I remember is turning my head from the windshield to the right window, staring as this huge red truck that was inches from my door, and knowing for a quick second that I may not make it. I opened my eyes. Hands shaking, breath quickening, I wiped away the tears coming down my cheeks. Then I lay still, as difficult as it was for me, felt the rumbling and jumbling of the road beneath me. Frustrated with confusion, I slept there, in the pitch darkness. . Sure, our older brother, Hale, and I were handsome enough, but Jaime was the only one of us who could be considered 'pretty'. I once came home to find him sitting on the living room couch, 'passionately' attempting to suck some girl's face off, his hands working at her shirt buttons. As soon as Jaime noticed me, complete revulsion on my face, the two swiftly broke apart and composed themselves with squeals of surprise, the girl standing up and smoothing out her blouse. Our parents had tempers that could be enflamed. In the end, I half-heartedly lectured Jaime, both of us mentally thanking god once again that it was me who was lecturing him. They were in love, once. They're pictures of our parents on their wedding day. My favorite has to be the one where they're dancing, holding onto each other and beaming. I'd been sitting on one of the couches, attempting to read a magazine when he'd started talking, about the pictures and the dirt and the fact that they'd been just thrown in a box with no thought at all. Jaime is almost always gone when I get home from school. Sometimes Hale is home, and I find that he makes better company than my bedroom walls or some magazine. Usually I just sit on his bed and watch him while he sits at his computer. On the off days where we're both not feeling talkative, we'll sit on the floor in front of his stereo and play something, being careful to make sure we don't disturb Mom or Dad. 'Drift all you like, from ocean to ocean, search the whole world. An hour later finds the CD on its last song, and Hale leaning against my shoulder, eyes closed and breath steady. 'Don't talk politics, and don't throw stones. I mouth the words as the song continues, my eyes drooping. We're foggy eyed as we awake, and I realize the CD player's making a weird scratching noise. The other day, she painted the whole living room red and bought new leather couches, just so it would look 'fall-ish', as she said. I don't like the food; this pasta thing that Mom's cooked up. I blink, broken out of my reverie by a voice. I glower at him, not amused. We fumble through the dark kitchen and hallways to his room, the sparse moonlight seeping through the windows doing little to help. I don't reply, just keep looking forward with my eyes on the road. I didn't plan on sleeping there, anyway. Heh. I slam on the brakes, thanking every star in the sky that the road was completely empty at that moment. I lean my forehead against the steering wheel and take a deep breath. Hale isn't there when I get home from school, a facts that irks me just a little bit. I drop my bag off in my room and head downstairs, wondering if Jaime's home. Hale's, however, always has this soft, warm quality to it, even when it's empty. It's a rather old one, there's some knobs missing and the large speakers have piles of books atop them. I decide to skip the first song, Hale's 'Man of War' one, because it's weird hearing it with him not being there. I like this next one. I look at the clock on his dresser; 5:09. '. AN: Wow. Update should be relatively soon. My father, a veteran liar, having tread upon Fear's tail, had shrank back at the first sight of retaliation. My mother, a fragile little thing, too helpless to salvage her own life, and mine, sat on the floor taking in deep shaky breaths. However, what scared me the most was the steady intake and expel of breath coming from the black-cloaked man standing only a metre away from us. My mother and I looked at my father, incredulously. He placed a rough hand under my chin and hauled me to one side. And then there was a deafening bang next to my ear…Sunlight streamed through the cracks my vertical blinds, the beams of light breaking through my nightmare's darkened barrier. I stepped into the master bathroom and pressed my abnormally hot hands against the cool marble counter. A patch of faded green caught my attention and I turned to look at what was stationed on top of the toilet. I felt a part of my heart twitch, but I pushed it down. I raised my right arm and heaved the bills at him with all my might. Look at his damn composure. I swiftly pulled off my t-shirt and tossed it defiantly to the floor. As if on cue, my knees buckled and I felt myself slide against the wall and down to the ground. I hate people. My body shook with rage and I could feel humiliated tears pooling at the edges of my eyes. may not be distributed in any way, including posting to FictionPress and all other websites without Penelope P.'s written permission. The words flashed over and over again. Liv said quickly and brought the phone back to her ear. She tried to picture him, leaning against a dusty bookshelf, his hair falling over his eyes as he read the titles to her. This time he chuckled a little. Biting down hard on her lip, Liv ran her fingers through her hair. You, she wanted to blurt. He suddenly blurted, totally deflecting her question. This conversation had been shot to hell. Meredith waved her hand absently. Taking another large gulp of wine, his mother let out a little laugh. Thankfully right at that moment his brother strolled in, his winter jacket dusted with snow and his cheeks bright red. Ben turned to him and was about to say something sarcastic when one of the maids came in with their dinner. Jill? Solo said defensively. Meredith cooed. Just liking words wasn't exactly how he'd put it. came her voice. Well that was the point. They're relationship escalated to the point where Solo was telling her things he'd never told another human being, and she was actually listening. He loved it when she was multi-tasking while talking to him. It was easy to be suave and funny over the phone to a probably really attractive woman. It was sort of weird that Ben never had this sort of problem with girls. She was probably perfect. She was sitting on the stairs in her childhood home, listening to the sounds of her family celebrating Sarah's engagement. Liv sighed. She heard her mother ask someone. What a stupid name. Jemmy was only her most bestest friend of all time. Liv's eyes widened as she looked around nervously. Liv wasn't sure if that was a serious question. She rolled her eyes again. Well, I hope you enjoy that first chapter. My eyes widened in shock. A tear dripped from my eye,  I muttered, before glaring at Kieran again,  I walked up to him and slapped him on his oh so perfect face. I kept telling myself this, but they never did. I heard laughter behind me, I swiveled my head and my honeycomb brown eyes caught bright blue ones, filled with amusement. Justin played for the under 18 men's basketball team, Hawks. I focused on Justin's game. I looked Tyler up and down. My jaw dropped further. because ya'll now me. it! Die, Joey, die. See, today during lunch I was very thirsty and very naïve, oh so naïve. Finally! Come on kid; say something else. We were silent for a little bit. A small smile crept onto my face. I started giggling. Okay, that scared me. Now that wins the 'Most Random Thing I've Ever Done' award. We sat in the park for almost a half an hour just sitting and randomly asking questions. I smirked. We were at the pizza place standing in line behind a couple who couldn't decide whether to get two large pepperoni pizzas or one large pepperoni and one medium. Finally I walked up to the counter with Jon and got a large pizza with everything on it. She gave me an odd look. Jon wrinkled his nose (Must. I pulled out a roll of paper towels out from under my bed. I rolled my eyes and jumped on Jon's lap grabbing the pizza. It was 9:30 p. Who wears a sunhat at 9:30 at night seriously? For everyone that thought the employee bathrooms at Starbucks are any better than the customer one's, well. I have to pay for my own effing dry cleaning. He towered over the counter, was in his late twenties with thick chestnut hair and bright blue eyes. "I-I'm sorry? I spilled a quite a bit of steamed milk on my apron at his unexpected comment. WARNINGS: Rated M+. Kyra Taitt trembled as she walked down the darkened street, heading back towards her apartment. Only half a block was separating her from her haven when the heavy foot falls sounded. She waited with bated breath, watching the two animals communicate silently. Kyra's eyes were drawn to the sky as the cloud revealed the moon once more. The bed she found herself reclining in was enormous, the sheets unbelievably silky soft. The back of her head throbbed as she sat up. Kyra recoiled back against the headboard as footsteps echoed from the other side of her cushioned sanctuary. The curtains around the bed slowly parted as she yanked the sheets up to her neck, hopefully hiding her body. She cried instead, sitting still, afraid she would destroy something else while not being entirely convinced of what she had just seen. She felt an unexpected tremor of pleasure at the use of the intimate nickname,  Kyra gasped as his fingers trailed gently down the bandage on her neck, the wounds beneath heating considerably. Who was he? His manner was brusque as he wrapped an arm around her waist and drew her into his chest, his hands slowly moving over her wounds. He smirked softly at her, holding out his hand. Her chest heaving, she scrambled under the covers, burying her head under the large pillows. She cried, fear once again jolting her; she couldn't trust this man until she had all the facts, no matter how he made her feel. His hand captured her fingers, drawing them above her head as he pressed his body down over the length of hers. She whispered, her mind sorting through the newly acquired information. Her eyes followed him as he slowly climbed over her body and off the bed. Smirking at her, Darick slid his cotton pants off, tossing them into her lap. The beast before her sent her mind reeling. It's not real. Snatching his pants up from where they had fallen on the floor, he dressed rapidly and maneuvered his body under the sheets, pulling Kyra snugly into his arms. There was something so innocent about spring. Accepting the kiss eagerly, I brought my arms around his neck and ran my fingers lazily through his blonde locks. I'm not a prude okay? Silence was the only form of communication between us when we picked up Andrew and Steph, not like they noticed any how. Getting out of the car, Andrew gave me a comforting smile before helping a flushed Stephanie out of the backseat and held her hand during the walk to Alana's. I began walking the stretch to Alana's with Max walking moodily beside me. Lord, I felt so horrible. I let out a watery laugh and shook my head as he opened the door to the house and helped me up the stairs to my room. After changing, I washed my face and looked at myself in the mirror. said Andrew, opening the door and catching my eye in the mirror. Andrew sighed contently, obviously thinking about her,  Stephanie was really a nice girl. I don't know what made me do it, but I wound my hand to the back of his hand and pulled his lips to mine. But I didn't stop it. The headlights glistened against the newly fallen snow as I pulled into the driveway of my old home. It had been against my father's will to go to college in North Carolina, so far away from home. That wasn't quite me, though. I guess you could say that I'd always been a fairly independent person, never relying on anyone but myself if I could keep it that way. Finally I pulled my keys out of the ignition and stepped out into the chillingly cold night air. The cold wind was chilling me to the bone, so finally I locked the doors to my silver Mustang—my pride and joy; testimony that slaving over a grease pan for two years at KFC pays off—and walked up to the doorway. the man at the door announced, pulling me into his arms in delight. I replied, studying him warily. I stared at him in shock. important And that was true. I said quietly, irked to no end at his use of my childhood nickname. Again, our home was in an uproar. I sighed softly, inwardly kicking myself for succumbing to my own wishful thinking. I had to guess that that statement had some truth to it. Inwardly shook my head, fighting to clear away the nonsense I was hearing coming out of my father's mouth. Wells he paused a moment and stared into space with a cringe, as if remembering just how harrowing the recruiting process really was. I nodded, studying this time the face of the team's other Luke. "Now Adam Morrison, a junior, our other wingman, transferred here from Marquette University last year, so this is his first year to actually play for us since he had to redshirt last year—he was originally from Fond Du Lac, Wisconsin. Adam Morrison's picture—horrible resolution and all—was outstanding. To make a long story short, this continued until I had been introduced to the pictures of DeMario Mason (who, I swear, was an Eddie Murphy look-alike), the remaining starter, senior center Michael Bruce (who, quite frankly, resembled the stereotypical gangster), and the notable subs, forward Ian Wyatt the Australian sophomore, diminutive sophomore point guard Ryan Robertson, and the 6'10 freshman guard in a forward's body, Zeke Novak, and Dad had proceeded to go back to Welling, Jacobson, and Morrison and tell me the life story of each. I nodded, for really what else was there that I could do? Kaitlyn stood in front of her mirror, carefully inspecting her outfit. Kaitlyn forced herself not to respond or look at anyone. Kaitlyn closed her eyes and clenched her fists, trying to fight back the urge to respond. Cindy flashed a cruel smile towards Kaitlyn before turning back to Aunt Patty. It was a familiar rant, brought out whenever Kaitlyn did something that didn't fit in with Aunt Patty's ideas of what should be done. Kaitlyn sighed as she pulled into her car into a parking spot at school. Kaitlyn watched in surprise as Becky stormed her way through the popular crowd, brushing right past Lincoln Stevens without saying a word to him. Kaitlyn was about to reply when the sound of a motorcycle coming into the parking lot caught her attention. Almost without thinking, Kaitlyn moved out of Chris's arms to get a better look at the motorcycle. Kaitlyn held up her hand, silencing her friends. The auditorium was packed with students. Kaitlyn slowly got to her feet and walked up to the podium. Kaitlyn came to in the nurse's office and more than a little surprised to see both Linc and Ash standing by her bedside waiting for her to come to. Kaitlyn glanced at Ash then turned back to Linc. She quickly pulled on her cheerleading outfit, which consisted of a cropped v-necked sleeveless shirt, a short skirt with two slits up the front, and matching underwear. Second period was almost over by the time Kaitlyn reached the music room. Kaitlyn's face paled and she immediately shook her head. Kaitlyn nodded and turned her back on the class. When she was finished, the room was completely silent. Kaitlyn could only smile politely. By the end of the day, Kaitlyn was convinced that Linc was avoiding her. She was casually leaning against his car when he eventually came out. Kaitlyn rushed through the school and into the gym. Karen declared, flipping her hair over her shoulder and planting her hands on her hips. Kaitlyn watched as a variety of girls started to stand up. The tension in the room was at an all time high as Kaitlyn once more scanned the girls. Kaitlyn paused dramatically as she surveyed the girls once more. There was a collective gasp from the crowd, as far as everyone was concerned Becky was already an unofficial member on the squad. Kaitlyn shrugged almost indifferently. Kaitlyn frowned slightly before walking into the living room. I snuggled further down into the depths of sleeping bag trying to deny the fact that I was awake. The warble of the native birds and the rushing neighbouring stream were a vast contrast to the hustle and bustle of the city that I was accustomed to. The so-called pillow my face was nuzzled into had distinctly human characteristics. It was then that I noticed the weight of an arm draped over my hip. Damn. Not bad at all. It's a monste- I lie. Author's note: THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE ANOTHER ONE SHOT. I turned around to face a grin that was pasted on nearly every billboard in the city. I stopped walking and waited for Leigh Connors to meet me in the middle of the street. I said friendly, adjusting my gigantic purse. She grinned. I tried not to show my surprise at her offer and quickly accepted. Once we were seated in the café, I casually took a sip and looked at her expectantly. I relaxed in my seat and smiled brightly at her. Her smile softened. She visibly brightened at this and I couldn't help but admire her. I think she caught herself and repeated the words in her head because pink tinged her cheeks. She inclined her head once. She smiled. She nodded noncommittally, taking a sip of her drink. I said smoothly, trying to figure out what angle Leigh Connors was coming from. Yup, safety mechanism. She looked at me like I was crazy. I looked at her like she was crazy, but I surprised myself by feeling a flicker of sympathy. I said. I cast her an amused look. She was funny too. It was a few minutes after my tutorial when I got a text from her. I shook my head in amusement and made a left. It wasn't that far of a walk, but for some reason the streets were more crowded than usual that I had to push myself through to get inside. She blinked and smiled a little too innocently at me. Useless people. Leigh laughed loudly, stopping in front of a door. I breathed, glancing between the stranger and Leigh. Leigh was grinning widely. He had dark green eyes which were brought out by that green polo he was wearing. I said politely, restraining myself. I nodded simply, bullshitting like no tomorrow. He was looking at me expectantly, as if he were waiting for me to elaborate. she hissed. Oh. she said, taking a gigantic step away from him with her own pointed look at me. Leigh protested, shooting a little glance at to her right. My mind flashed to the conversation we had during one of the more boring lectures. I laughed, turning to him with a mischievous smile. I nodded,  He seemed rather taken aback and straightened, his gaze suddenly sharper. I muttered, his hand enclosing mine. He was laughing. He turned back to me, his face suddenly seriously. I yanked away. I looked at him like he was psychotic. he smiled at me, and I felt my heartbeat quicken. It was silent as we stared at each other. I straightened, my eyebrows practically reaching my hairline. came his cheeky voice. came his swift remark just as I shut the door behind me. Besides, he was just a pretentious - probably jock - who had harems of misguided females lusting (I liked to call it ditz-ing) after his form. I nodded sagely at my logic, pushing the café door open. Too bad he enjoyed getting yelled at. Of course I was lying, but to me it really did feel like 500 years later. Not to mention the fact that he was Talen Spencer. Talen Spencer? I mean, I haven't watched anything of his, and the only time I saw his face was in a magazine. Seeing him again, to be honest, threw me off guard. It was another busy walk in the campus of the university. I saw him before he saw me. I corrected him like I always did. I looked at him, unable to help myself. I told him. I answered suspiciously, deciding to play along. he said cheekily. No wonder they were best friends. I snorted, pushing the door open and effectively obscuring our communication. I interrupted with a roll of my eyes at his dramatics. he said a few minutes later after watching me like a hawk. Fuming was an understatement. My jaw clenched and I glanced at my watch. His teeth flashed as he easily caught up and I made the mistake of looking into his eyes. I said automatically, my mind already one step ahead of me and scrabbling for a lie. I expected the celebrity to smile and nod in acceptance. Albert said hesitantly,  he accused, pure confusion on his face. Albert said sagely, using my name properly for once. Talen said, his hand slapped over mine. Albert agreed, eyeing me cautiously. I elbowed him and struggled out of his grip. He was looking at me, head tilted. he finally broke the silence. He was laughing too hard to argue. I said, and it really was, even if I believed it was a lie. Crossing my arm over my chest, I appraised the man before me under a serious light. I said. It wasn't a question, but a statement. His smile was warm. My eyes dared him to deny me, but all he did was open and close his mouth. he placed his aviators back on as the word drew out slowly. I returned his smile. I agreed, muffling my laughter. My eyebrow rose and amusement leaked into my expression. I wasn't surprised that Leigh was approached by a group of boys just after a few moments we grabbed our bottles. she laughed, and I noted her empty hands. Don't we all? Veronica laughed, but I could tell her mind was set. Leigh had beckoned me over a couple of times but I shook my head politely. I muttered under my breath, grabbing my, what, fourth, fifth bottle? Leigh ordered as she slithered up next to me. I said without thinking. I said as said person approached us. I groused, finally admitting to myself that maybe I was a little more than drunk, especially since the light feeling was taking over my body. Indignantly, I puffed my chest. Slowly, I began to nod. I told him casually. I scowled. I smiled a big false smile. Of course he didn't entertain the possibility of liking me, I thought to myself fiercely. I chugged the rest of my drink, feeling myself sway slightly. I told him rather coldly. I said factually. He was skinny and gangly in a way where if you poked him in the ribs, he looked like he might all but collapse. She sat there on a coach, nice and coiffed, opposite where he stood socializing with others. His eyes made contact with her, his eyebrow rising and in that moment she knew that he knew that she had been staring at him for the entire duration. She woke up feeling refreshed. She glanced at the clock. She sighed. She had been in the business since she was three years old. Avis was the one who had really succeeded. Her cell phone rang. She went quiet for a minute considering his words. Her ego was still bruised by that movie. She needed a girls' night right now. and with that she hung up. As she was looking around the tables, she wasn't surprised to see that only a few people were present. He sported a five o'clock shadow complete with a baseball hat to finish the scruffy look. Annalise Donnelly looked like a ray of sunshine. Her friend had a point she had to admit. She picked it up and started to read. She wiped her eyes. Her throat dried. Here's the thing about a new school year that sucks, after four months of freedom and being able to piss away your time however you want, you're suddenly trapped with about five million obligations. I pass a quick look over the other members of our school newspaper team and take in their pissed off expressions. Everyone looks to me for some sort of affirmation so I nod my head in agreement. she says awkwardly, pretending my comment hadn't been directed at her. Rachel, the writer for the ever popular Ask Rachel column, looks like she wants to say something, but doesn't. someone says in a voice that doesn't sound anything like sorry and I catch Mike's eye, mouthing the words 'are you serious? I give in and turn around. he tells us in a very cool but pleasant tone and makes a point of looking at everyone. I respond before settling my lips around the reefer and inhaling deeply. We hadn't really known each other at our frosh. That comment gives John a second wind and he's killing himself laughing all over again. I say into the sudden silence as John stops laughing. Wednesday brings along my first English class of the school year. I'm not too sure about Mr. Kramer though. I walk into the class room just as the bell rings and settle into a seat near the middle of the room, right beside John. Ricky's that asshole that always hangs out with the girls and hits on everyone's girlfriends and ditches the guys every chance he gets. John asks, referring to Mr. Kramer. We're just finishing our high five when Mr. Kramer enters looking just as pretty as he had on Monday. Mr. Kramer sits on the edge of his desk and takes us all in, his eyes quickly passing down the rows… until he gets to me. On Wednesdays after school Maddy usually meets with the newspaper teacher advisor briefly to discuss some of the ideas she wants to put forward at the next Monday group meeting. I look away uncomfortably, not wanting to make a scene in front of a teacher, but I can't help that I'm seriously starting to get irritated. Mr. Kramer clears his throat, drawing our attention. My voice rises and drips with derision and I know this is not going to end well. As of right now I'm standing on Maddy's porch holding a magazine dedicated to 'all things prom'. AN: For anyone rereading this from the beginning, this chapter is a bit different from how it used to be. Disclaimer:Copyright © 2010-2016 under pen name Tatiana KnightAll rights reserved. 10 years ago. she asked, confused and curious why the man would be in her dream. When she nodded, a look she didn't recognize came to his eyes. Scarlet scooted closer to him so she was sitting right next to him. Seven years ago. Three years ago. PROLOGUEI got out of the cab and instinctively almost jumped right back in. How could I even say his name? I glanced at the marquee. I took a deep breath and opened to doors. I walked through the next set of doors and took a deep breath. I wished I had cut my hair the day before like I had planned. Someone was idly keeping a beat on the drums. The flashing didn't seem to faze him. His voice gave me shivers when I first heard it when I was 18 years-old. He didn't even bother to knock on the door. I whispered harshly. He smelled of cigarettes and beer. I was tired. He paced around the room quickly like he was trying to form his ideas into coherent words. I wished he could just make it easy and say he was fine—all he needed was a place to stay for the night. He sat on the coffee table and held his head in his hand. He put his hands on my shoulders. We usually had an understanding; a mutual semi-tolerance for each other. I put my hand over my eyes. But my thoughts turned. Maybe I was so unaffected by him because he had so many revelations in a drunken state. And I would always get angry when he did that to her because she was so in love with him. I went to their band practices whenever I had the chance because that meant I could see Garrett. My first mistake was showing my disgust. He would light up and saunter over to where I was sitting and lean over. But we got to each other in the worst way. He had this passion. And I couldn't help ask, was that passionate about everything? I was a realist, and from what I could see right now, this wasn't right. It was Garrett, I'd always know his voice. He said. I followed him toward the stage hoping to God I looked okay. I managed. Will piped in. I signaled to the bass that was lacking the player. Garrett was cut off by Gavin's reappearance. Cool? Three of the guys were grinning and passing around their congratulations. Maybe he still cared. William narrowed his eyes in thought. Their attack had indeed been quick, precise and without warning. They kidnapped him without bothering to properly conceal their faces in the sunlight. They were slim and fair in color, devoid of any sign of work or wear. He knew he needed a fitting description of the woman who planned this crime so that he could hunt her down later. He glared at her and noted how she said nothing in his defense this time. Red-haired maidens were known for their fiery spirit, but he always laughed away the notion. William clenched his jaw at her audacity but held his tongue in check because of their current differences in position. After silently studying him with a finger on her chin, she approached, her shoes loudly clicking in the disintegrating church. He took her smaller hand into his larger one, her skin soft against his rough hands, and he squeezed. His wonderfully deep voice, like silk sliding over naked flesh, had naught to do with her shudder though. Perhaps that was what her father had meant when he described Blaise as being a younger man. Marianne raised her chin. Marianne was momentarily distracted by how his hands managed to be neither soft nor truly rough. Marianne held her breath in disbelief with those words. He wondered if she was a widow and that was why she currently held no husband. The hand on his shoulder squeezed, enough to make him flinch. William could see how she dearly wished to tell him what she thought of his plan. He turned to look at them. William dared not move. He stared into her eyes and she chewed her bottom lip. He cleared his throat. Marianne looked up at him and forgot about fear entirely. She came here expecting insults and temper, she would not spare any hurt feelings just because her expectations had been met. She sucked air into her lungs until they felt ready to explode. Her mouth tingled and her body buzzed with a passion that made her previous fire blazing sin appear as nothing more than a helpless spark. She wanted to accuse them of not aiding her when their captive so obviously attacked her, but she could not bring herself to be upset with them. Marianne shook her head. How could she be so stupid? A.N (update July 2011): For those of you who have faved this story and are re-reading it, or are just discovering for the first time, I've uploaded Lady Thief to Smashwords so you can enjoy it on your reader instead of from the screen of your computer. The Summer of AustenFor the Ridiculously Happy OneShots contestRules:- Must be a one shot – over 2500 words – must be a het paring – must be ridiculously happy (no angst, hurt/comfort) – phrase 'for the Ridiculously Happy OneShots contest in the summary – any rating – category Fiction -- Romance – POV of either guy or girl – must use irony – the girl must be significantly shorter than the guy, and he should make at least three comments about this (ideally a foot of difference in height) - Submission starts on April 20, ends May 11Check out Annoyance's profile for details on contest and voting! Summary: He would walk in—the man of my dreams, that is—when I was up to my elbows in horse shit. Note: Yayy, contest entry. And I decided that yes, my day could—and just did—get worse, and that he would walk in—the man of my dreams, that is—while I was up to my elbows in horse shit. For the moment I hated her. the one on the right said, grinning brightly as he held out his hand. I repressed a snort as my eyebrows climbed my head, taking in Darcy's appearance. I heard Liz saying, and I looked up to meet her eyes. And at that moment, a little bit of me felt crushed. I sighed. he interjected, and I stopped in my tracks momentarily before continuing down the rows. Because of my abrupt stop, he was now once more invading my personal space, looking down at me with his dark, handsome eyes. Rolling my eyes, I ignored him and made my way to Rusty's stall. I said, taking a step towards him, looking him up and down. For some reason, his tone made me simmer. It took a moment before I reluctantly conceded, and Liz went scurrying off to the back of the stables to retrieve her favorite horse. I repeated sternly, walking away to emphasize my point. It was now several weeks after our first meeting, and Darcy and I were sprawled out on our backs in the meadow, our horses grazing contently nearby. But I had to admit, over time I felt myself warming up to him…perhaps too much. I replied, but he didn't seem to believe me, since he turned his head painfully to the side so that he could see my face, and the close proximity and the feel of his breath brushing lightly against my skin made me take a sharp, involuntary intake of breath. I panicked. he said, his tone warning. He chuckled, but it was dry, humorless. He seemed to take amusement in my being flustered, and the tenseness in his arms dissipated slightly. he growled, seconds before his lips crashed against mine. he asked, sounding unsure—something I considered highly uncharacteristic. Ironic. he asked, looking hopeful. Darcy dipped his head down and paused. My life was straight from my own heart and luck. (Did I ever mention that I love England? Anyway, I hope you liked it! Hey everyone:) This is my mom's story. Enjoy:)Chained and huddled in the corner, she hoped they would forget about her…it was not to be. She shuddered, how had she ended up here? She let herself glance about the five foot by five foot crate she had been crammed into. She wanted to struggle, but knew it was useless. She wanted to argue that she was not resisting, but kept silent, knowing to do so would get her punched or slapped. She blushed, realizing the assembly was mostly male…a few women dressed in vibrant colors stood about, but mostly the black of the Empire's soldiers filled her vision and she wished desperately that her arms were unbound…so she could cover her nudity as best she could. she colored hotly at that description, wondering why that would matter. She let her gaze skim the crowd, seeing more than one gaze on her, her blush intensified. another voice in the crowd spoke up, she opened her eyes, wondering who else had bid, but had missed whomever had spoken. She glanced at the man, feeling her skin crawl, immediately her gaze returned to the man whose eyes seemed to draw her across the distance. Her shoulder's slumped slightly. her gaze swiveled to the blue-eyed man. his voice was a low growl, almost lost in the din…his gaze swept her and she shivered, not sure suddenly if she wished this man to win or not. he agreed after the auctioneer called twice for the bid. a gasp went up and she dared open her eyes. he shouted up at the guard,  he snapped, catching her upper arms he steadied her, then to her amazement, he whipped off his cloak and dragged it around her. she managed to whisper, not sure why she would thank him, except for the fact she would not be leaving with the evil looking man in front. He led her to the back of the gathering, not for once did she miss the leers of the men who had seen her naked before them, up on the block. she said simply, glancing aside at him once more. Would he let her go? So, she was no criminal herself, Ky mused, pleased by that fact. Ky admitted, pulling her before the guards and brushing aside his cloak so they could unchain her hands behind her back. He chuckled, a little surprised. Gods…her eyes were amazing. Cardasian females of the lower sect were often kept ignorant and virgins, he knew. she admitted, the fact not really upsetting her. he ran a hand down her arm, feeling her shivering,  at first, he did not add, thinking of his commander. Ky insisted, frowning a little now. she gasped, her face igniting again. Ky pulled her after him, realizing he had upset her and no amount of assurances on his part, standing in the middle of the landing field was going to soothe her. she admitted, then cursed herself for it. Ky admitted, coming to a stop before one of the cruisers, he pressed his palm to the security pad on the side of the ship. Twylla asked, a little amazed. she murmured. Twylla nodded. Ky instructed her, seeing her hesitant glance, he raised the wrist he held in his large hand and placed it before the view screen,  he squeezed her wrist slightly and she did, just in case he planned to snap her wrist if she didn't. he said aloud and instantly a green glow erupted beyond her hand. she heard the man say, daring glance aside at him when he said slave. He pulled her hand away from the screen and instantly a green light shot out and began to trace her outline from head to toe. she asked, looking away when he grinned. She nodded again, but he did not see it, instead strode along the long hallway where doors opened off to each side. he simplified and she blushed, looking down at her bare dirty toes that peeked from beneath his uniform cloak. he told her and she shook her head. A bath! He would too, she could tell, her face igniting. he pointed out, a blush nearly caused her to cease breathing he swore,  he reminded her, she dropped her gaze from his then and he took a little pity on her. Ky did. He left her to the bath and once gone, she hastily dropped his cloak and stepped into the water. Twylla nodded. the computer voice told her calmly…Twylla started, recapping the lid quickly. She sighed, remembering what he had said…about returning, she hastily washed her hair, then scrubbed, just as he had ordered her, between her toes…up her legs, mottled with bruises, some yellowish in hue…others fresh and dark against her pale skin. It was all she had been able to do not to scream. From prisoner to slave…it was too humiliating to bear…but what else could she do…but die? he demanded to know, looking her up and down, getting her nod, his frown deepened. Ky ordered and the chiming stopped, as did a recitation of the girl's vital statistics. Ky insisted. Ky winced. Ky nodded, wishing suddenly Brinn were here. She shivered. Ky made his voice stern, as if he were talking to a new cadet. She peeked at him, her cheeks flushed and rosy, the blush spreading down her chest to her breasts, hidden beneath her folded arms. Ky grouched, wondering if he was going to have to crawl into the tub with her. He frowned. he asked her, his tone now hard, forget about stern. He pulled her up onto the rim of the tub, reaching for the jar with the blue paste, she tried to back away, almost falling off her perch backward into the tub. He wanted to laugh. he shook his head and all the fight left her. She stood stock still, her gaze locked on the tile beneath her feet, as he used a small flat utensil to spread the blue paste beneath her arms…over her thighs and legs…thinking him finished at last her face heating to near combustion at standing naked before him, she squealed when she felt the spatula glide between her thighs. Twylla insisted, fidgeting and squirming on tiptoe, her heels hung off the edge of the bench even now and she knew she had no where else to go. All the wiggling and squirming and pleading did no good. he snapped, his cock pressing against his leathers now. for dinner. needed to hear. out the tangles. 'What did he just say! this was going to be just great. A/N: WOOT! I whined, gaping at the TV. Cody asked as he got off his bed. Cody blinked at me, a dazed expression on his face for a moment before a large grin replaced it. Honestly, I was still getting used to things like this, even after almost three months. He looked around his room and ran a hand through his hair. he said through another yawn. Cody mumbled then leaned the rest of the way down until his lips brushed mine. he grumbled, grabbing my hand to make me stop. I said with a grin then sat up so I could turn off the lamp on Cody's bedside table. Cody tightened his hold around my waist and leaned up so his mouth was right above my ear. The next morning, I woke up with my face pressed into one of Cody's pillows. I glanced at the digital clock on Cody' beside table to see that it was almost eight-thirty, half an hour after school should have started. I opened my eyes and looked around his room, searching for something that might have told me where he was. Cody was being extra careful and quiet as he got his clothes out of his dresser which told me he thought I was still asleep. Slowly, I got out of bed, trying to be as silent as possible as I crept across the room towards Cody. he said, taking the clothes. Before I could though, he grabbed my wrist then pulled me forward, causing me to fall into his chest. Laughing, I squirmed in his arms to try to get away, but it didn't work. Cody cut the rest of my sentence off by kissing me. My mind went completely hazy; the only thoughts I had that were comprehensible were those of Cody and what he was doing. Maybe too good since I was pretty sure I was the one who had just made that rather embarrassing noise. Cody began sucking on my tongue and I was sure my brain was about ready to overload. We stared at each other for a moment, both of us breathing heavier than normal. Whoa. I faltered in my steps and stood in the middle of the hallway for a moment, trying to figure out whether I wanted to run down the stairs or if I wanted to turn back around and take him up on that offer more. I said, carefully walking the rest of the way to the stairs. Seriously, I did that so much that I was starting to think that there were little invisible alien creatures that sat in random places, just waiting for some unsuspecting person to walk into them and fall on their face. Huffing in irritation, I got up and threw the apple core away properly then sat back down. We'd been together for about three months, and at first it had been slightly awkward with me being…well, me. The thing was though, three months was a while and being teenage boys…well, I knew there was probably a chance that Cody wanted to…take things further… I could kind of tell by the times we had made out. I knew Cody had it set in his mind that he needed to take things slow with me and would never just do something without knowing for sure that I was okay with it. I gave a frustrated huff then put my head down on the counter top. I heard footsteps in the hallway and a few seconds later, Cody appeared in the kitchen. He always did this in the morning; he'd look through everything, trying to find something to eat but always would just take a piece of fruit from the counter in the end. I plopped myself down on the couch and grabbed the remote off the coffee table. About five minutes into the show, Cody wandered out into the living room. I knew Cody didn't really enjoy watching them like I did. Surprisingly, having him hug me like this wasn't the hardest thing I had to have gotten used to. I had never been a touchy feely type of person since there had never been a real reason for me to be. A commercial came on and I sat up to fix my shirt—it had somehow managed to bunch up in the back—then stretched my arms over my head. I stared up at him for a moment before I reached up with one of my hands and held the back of his head in place as I leaned up towards him. I let my fingers tangle in his hair as I moved my lips against his, my other hand grabbing the front of his shirt to pull him closer. I tilted my head slightly to the side and tugged on his lower lip. Ignoring the fact that Cody was giving me the opportunity to snake my tongue into his mouth, I pulled on his bottom lip then slid my tongue over it again. He copied me now, tugging on my lower lip then running his tongue slowly across it. Cody smirked at me then leaned down just a little bit more so our lips were just barely touching. This was my kiss; I was the one who had started it, so I wasn't about to let him take control. Our mouths crashed together again, a bit painfully this time, but I didn't really care and I doubted Cody did either. Cody met mine with his, pressing himself closed to me. And this was the other reason we had gotten nowhere—I couldn't do anything after a while since Cody took away all the control I had over my body. Dang it! Cody suddenly pulled away from me, panting, then grabbed my hand that had been sliding down his body—remember? I tuck a few stray wisps of my dark hair behind my ear and sigh. I mutter to myself and stand, creeping over to my secret stash of the best kind of temptation… Chocolate! an angry voice mutters, followed by the sound of a key being jammed into the door and insistent pushing. "I was in the bathroom,' I lie, rather poorly I may add, knowing my aunt gets into these moods from time to time. "I'm going to bed, okay? I gather my books and stuff them into my plain, black backpack. Somehow I arrive with time to spare and sit down on the wooden bench. My mind then wonders away from the weather to other topics such as my best friend, Jamie. Jamie is dating Daniel Cruz, whom some consider the boy equivalent of her. a masculine voice comments before laughing. I throw my school bag onto the seat beside me and slump back. Why on Earth would Skylar- or Sky- care about the colour of my eyes? The bus slams forward to a stop and I bump my head on the seat in front of me. the driver sarcastically comments. Jamie is snogging Danny, who, in return, is totally feeling her up. I ask and start to turn around. The person exclaims, quickly rolling off. Kennedy Hunter hid in the bathroom stall and cried. All she wanted was to be at home, playing her beautiful piano, running around with her old friends and boyfriend, or just hanging out with her brother. The students simply hated her. Kennedy had been popular at her old school. But happiness is just an illusion. As soon as she said her goodbyes, she moved in with her overly eccentric aunt and refused to leave her room, let alone the house. she asked, slightly flinching at her aunt's touch. She knew it was her own fault for closing herself off from the world. Once upon a time, Kennedy Hunter had been a strong and confident young woman. She could almost hear her friends nagging her to gain some weight and her brother teasing her about getting some sun. she thought gingerly. Determined not to cry anymore, she shook her head gently. The people here were nothing like the people she had been surrounded by throughout her life. Gently biting her lip, she suddenly felt like an ordinary person walking down the red carpet surrounded by gorgeous and wealthy celebrities. These people seemed to be on a whole different level from her. She debated whether or not she should attempt to enter the school cafeteria. As she stepped in to the school cafeteria, she felt all eyes on her. She felt foolish standing at the entrance of the cafeteria with nowhere to go. From where she stood, Kennedy spotted her roommate, Emma, towards the center of the room. Kennedy felt a twinge of jealousy. It was truly a shame that she hated Anderson Prep, for it was a truly beautiful place. Four large buildings served as the campus living quarters. The cobblestone walkway led to the cafeteria and east gardens in one direction, and the two classroom buildings and west gardens in the other. The room suddenly grew hushed and Kennedy noticed that all eyes and attention was directed to the attractive male standing at the entrance of the cafeteria. Excited whispers filled the room; it was as though a celebrity had just graced their presence. the tall, blonde girl said in a sultry voice. Poor Susie looked terrified. Harrison shrugged. Dylan seemed to shudder at the reminder of her hitting on him,  Like Harrison, Dylan preferred girls with class. Ignored by their own parents, they formed a bond as strong as any family. Dylan had been accurate in his description; she was too thin and almost sickly looking. Kennedy's icy blue eyes flickered up at him and though she was startled, she did not look away. Lucian growled as he raced after the man running through the streets. Lucian swooped down and grabbed the man with his claws, causing the man to scream like a girl and twist and turn, trying to get free. Lucian was a bounty hunter; he chased down all the guys that ran or missed their calling by the city leaders. The man kept screaming and speaking in a foreign language. He saw the castle up ahead in the mirrored door way to the other realm. Lucian, having had brought several men in before, knew exactly where to go. He grabbed the robe left especially for him and put it on. Lucian knew he was a player, hell, everyone knew he was a player, and he was no virgin. Lucian threw those thoughts to the back of his mind as he walked over to the man he had dropped earlier from the sky. Lucian was used to this type of thing. Lucian nodded. Lucian took a moment to study his friend. Mateo teased the man in front of him. he replied. Lucian nodded and followed Mateo out the door and into the heart of the castle. The prince threatened his friend. Lucian said, still not taking his eyes off the beauty in front of him. Lucian couldn't look away. Tamara could feel eyes on her which made her look up. When Tamara was young, she used to hate herself, thinking that no one would love her because she was almost completely human. As she got older, Tamara figured out that she could use her body to get her way with guys. She wanted to have Lucian make love to her, though she didn't plan on telling her parents. The next guy in her line of sight was Lucian and she was willing to do anything to get him. Lucian felt his mouth get dry and he quickly wetted it. Though most shifter's waited for their mates to lose themselves with, Lucian was not like that. Mateo grabbed Lucian and started pulling him after himself. Lucian asked, shaking his head and clearing his thoughts. His friend replied. Lucian said, pushing open the grand doors that led to the dining room. the large male that vacated the seat at the head of the table said as he stood up. the queen said, wearing her normal attire for dinner: a dress made from the richest silk and a feather in her hair that was always pulled up into a bun. Mateo grabbed a slice of bread and layered it with butter before he put another slice on top. The king said, not even turning to look at Lucian. It looked like the king was getting ready to say something when he was interrupted. Lucian replied curtly. Mateo said tiredly. Mateo studied his father. It was then that Tamara chose to enter the dining room. Lucian stared as she walked toward the table. After hearing a cough, she spoke. Lucian asked. It bugged Lucian to know that he had no respect for him as to look him in the eyes as he was speaking, but he understood. Lucian said, turning and walking out of the room. He looked up and was met with golden eyes. she said as she finally reached him. She pushed him back and he fell down against his bed. alright, this is a new story. Mom was home when I let myself into the apartment at eleven-o-six at night, and I quietly did the latch and toed off my shoes by the door, only to hear my name being called from the single bathroom. I rolled my eyes and leaned against the jamb, watching her blink away a few tears from a slight hand-pressure mishap. Heavy hip hop music thumped through the door, and I vaguely wondered why the supe or the cops hadn't been called yet. A strategic elbow released me from Grabby Greg, who fell to the floor with a burbling laugh and groan, and I stepped over him and opened the fridge, scanning its contents. I lost track of the empties at some point, my mind swimming in a near-comatose fog for a few hours, until the chill of early morning forced me from my slump on the hard ground. Maybe they were magic. The sun was just coming up when a body slid into the bed with me, tired hands maneuvering me over to make room, and I woke just enough to realize that it was Mom. Pushing up from the couch, I went into her bedroom and found the nearly-empty bottle of cheap aspirin on the floor next to her dresser, popped the lid and removed two for her and one for myself. It was a good fifteen or twenty minute ride from my apartment to Benji's house, where he lived with his parents and older brother, Peter. At seventeen, I can see him for what he is now: a twenty-one-year old adult who hangs out with other losers like himself, without a job or aspirations for anything more than what he is. A/N: this is an amnesia! When Kellan wakes up the first time After, there's a man leaning against the wall of the hospital room (he's in a hospital room, but he doesn't know why. Kellan (he guesses it's his name—it's what people are calling him. he says,  but he can't. the nurse is saying,  And then she's messing with his IV and he's catching one last view of the man who left the room—he's rushing in, face red and eyes wide, mouth caught open like he's yelling, like he's angry. Kellan shifts awkwardly, wondering if he'd normally reach out and squeeze Mac's hand or if they're not the touchy-feely sort, They want to keep him here for a few days to run some tests. On the second day of napping and not-remembering, a blond guy who looks like he's Kellan's age (18 for three more days) comes in. Kellan snaps. Kellan starts to say automatically (I'm Kellan Green. Kellan says, just to see Nate's face fall. Kellan blinks. Kellan says,  Because, well, it's all so abstract to him. Kellan says. Kellan laughs until his belly aches. He sits lightly on the bed and looks around. Something seizes him suddenly, that he's got to figure out who he is. He tears through the shoeboxes in his closet—finds a bunch of old school reports, but nothing personal. He clicks through the files on his computer next, figuring he probably should have started there first even though his previous search was more physically satisfying, at least. Kellan rolls his eyes, knowing his grandpa's keeping something from him. He gets to his room and throws himself on the bed, wants to call Nate but isn't sure how okay that is. Listen, you said my grandpa and I didn't get along at first. Also, I've been raiding BK's room (Before Kellan, I mean, that's what I'm calling him. Nate, it's obvious I'm going crazy over here and I feel weird talking to you about it because, sorry, but I don't know you. Your grandpa's not a talker, really. If you're feeling overwhelmed, I can come over and we can zone out in front of the television for a few hours. Kellan wants to say something snarky like, you won't really have me back. He takes a book with him—East of Eden, which was apparently his favorite; he had it listed that way on facebook—but he feels pretentious even holding it. On his birthday, his grandpa had said,  And the way he made it sound was like he never expected Before Kellan to come back. So he picks up Steinbeck and plods through the first few pages. A girl wanders into his front yard, wearing a pink denim mini-skirt and a lime green cami. Does the name Grace ring a bell? It's twenty minutes until close and Kellan has only had three costumers all day. Turns out, Grace has always been a little nuts. Kellan feels bad, wonders what they're living on if the store has always been this slow. A small laugh bursts out of Kellan's mouth before he can stop it, and embarrassingly, this turns into a doubled-over laughing fit. She hurls herself down on the couch and pats the cushion next to her. Kellan says. Kellan wants to tell her she doesn't—that her tattered Converse are fine—but he knows they need the business. he says, not bothering to stop doing up the laces of a new pair of Nikes they got in. Things have been a little strained between the two of them since Kellan started sort of actively participating in his friendship with Grace. The day doesn't go as bad as he was expecting, but there are plenty of things that do go wrong. Between that and Astronomy he's got a two hour break, but he can't leave campus since Nate drove him. Nate drives him home, going a little bit closer to the speed limit this time, which Kellan appreciates. Kellan laughs and shakes his head, The first week of classes goes by in a blur, and then another, and then another. Nate is kind of helpful, but he's so busy. He says. (He's never noticed how blue her eyes are. Ever since she said the thing about him being able to be whoever he wants to be, he hasn't been able to stop thinking about her. Kellan purses his lips together to keep from laughing. Kellan starts to say, but Nate gives him a look like so? Nate's face tightens and he steps forward until Kellan is pressed back against the sink. Kellan wants to pull back and get Nate to look at him—thinks that maybe he'll get a better handle on things if he could do that. Nate presses in and up so that his mouth is against Kellan's ear and his knuckles are dragging purposefully over Kellan's bulge (which is definitely a bulge now, where it hadn't been at first. It's not really—okay, that is—but Kellan doesn't know how to say that. Another problem of not having very many memories is that the ones he does have are that much sharper. Kellan says, feeling as awkward as always when his grandpa accidentally alludes to his parents' deaths. He's halfway asleep already but he's thinking of Nate, and Nate's hands all over him and how it felt good. In some ways, having no memory lets him off the hook. …but don't. I definitely don't want to stop. He leans against Nate's car, waiting for him to get done with class, itching to get home. Nate smiles at him when he catches Kellan waiting, leans against him under the pretense of unlocking the door. But he doesn't want to think of Before Kellan now. Nate fiddles with the radio and Kellan can see his hands are shaking, knows his are shaking too, like they're drug addicts. Kellan can smell the peppermint shampoo Nate uses and it really is like some kind of drug and all he wants to do is sink his nose in Nate's hair and take a deep breath, get his eyelashes tangled up in the silky strands. They're all tough-guy to the door, shouldering their backpacks and keeping a lot of distance between them. Nate hoists him up and they practically run down the hall to Kellan's room, groping each other along the way. Nate says, blush spreading over his cheekbones. They've stopped grinding into each other and Kellan's fingers are trailing up and down Nate's back like tell me tell me tell me. Nate's breathing speeds up again, and his face feels hot where it's pressed to Kellan's neck. When he comes, it's saying Nate's name and Nate's face drops open like oh my god and he says,  For a second, his expression is so unguarded that it yawns in Kellan's chest and he's so full of wonder that he thinks he might cry or something. He starts with Grace, because she's the easiest. His grandpa—well, this one is harder because Kellan can't imagine ever actually talking to him about this stuff. Nate pulls back, heinous popping noise of his lips leaving Kellan's cock echoing through the room. Kellan feels panicky—he doesn't want to lose this with Nate, he wants him, all of him. It's been three days and Nate's not been showing up to campus or returning any of his calls. Natew. Kellan, go to bed. Will bursts into a laugh,  (Kellan blinks. Kellan says. After dinner, they walk out to the parking lot. Will says. Kellan says. Kellan practically shouts at the same time, and then turns and jogs to his car. Nate says, grinning (it sends a pang of hurt through Kellan. Kellan says, looking out the window and refusing to pout. Nate says, eyes wide and lips chewed-red and Kellan wants to kiss him so bad it makes him shake. He avoids Nate for the rest of the day, actually hides out in the bathroom instead of going to his last class so Nate won't wait for him. He tries to slow the kiss down, to show Nate it's okay, he's okay. Kellan goes inside and hangs up his coat, leaving Will's email address in the pocket. Will says, ushering them to his car. Will lives in an apartment just off ISU's campus. He grabs a book off Will's shelf—Oh The Places You'll Go (and what? Grace starts singing Part of That World and Will's having a discussion with somebody on the sidewalk about a statistics final that was, apparently, fucking bogus. Will chuckles softly, turns his hand palm up and draws Kellan's fingers onto his skin. Will says, shifting so he's pressed even closer to Kellan's side. Kellan says, eyes locked on Will's lips. Will says, his lips moving over Kellan's as he whispers. Kellan says, craning his neck to put his mouth against Will's. Will says. Will says. It should be cheesy and gross because they're hung over and it's—it's dirty talk. Will grins and tips Kellan gently into bed, laying down beside him. I came by your place last night for our annual finals-are-over drinking binge, but your grandpa said you were with Grace. Fine. Kellan shakes his head and tosses his phone on the seat next to him. 1. 7. Even now, his heart starts hammering in his chest thinking about it. In the last few days Kellan somehow forgot how attractive Will is. The movie starts almost immediately after they sit down, and Kellan's more than a little disappointed because now he's can't talk to Will for at least an hour and a half. About halfway into the movie, Kellan is very aware of the fact that they're the only ones in the theatre, and that Will keeps making these little gasps any time something surprising happens. The maddening thumb-over-wrist routine keeps up for some time. Will explains. Kellan doesn't know what's gotten into him. Kellan exhales quickly. Will's fingers stroke up and down Kellan's spine and soon, Kellan's melting into it, breath slowing but getting louder, wetter, needier. Kellan gulps in breaths, trying to will away his erection, but not entirely succeeding. Kellan blushes. Kellan wants to whine and pitch a fit, feels like his dick is going to kill him in his sleep if he doesn't follow through with this Will thing right this minute. Email me back right when you get this. He calls Will first, still shaking a little from the conversation with his grandpa. Kellan says, clearing his throat awkwardly. Kellan licks his lips, looks down. He and Grace made their schedules so they could carpool to campus every day, since Nate seems to have forgotten him completely. On Monday, he's got two math classes and a history class. When he does end up seeing Nate, it's like a punch to the gut. Do you maybe want to get lunch sometime? When Nate's eyes lock on his, Kellan smiles weakly and waves. Kellan mumbles, slinking off to sit down. Kellan nods like, that's good. Kellan says, frustrated at Nate's refusal to even try. Kellan smiles so wide it hurts a little. Kellan laughs until he's sure he must be blue in the face. Kellan spits out a laugh, ducking his head to press into Will's neck as he cracks up. They walk to the bedroom holding hands. Kellan gasps as Will yanks his shirt over his head and tosses it to the floor. By the time they're completely undressed, some of the nervousness has crept back in. Will growls and pins Kellan's hips down to the bed. Kellan can't keep in his moan now, and shifts to put him on top of Will. He leans over and rummages through the side table drawer for lube and a condom. Kellan grits out, his body screaming at him to move. Not surprisingly, he doesn't last long, toes curling as he comes with a loud moan. Will laughs and kisses Kellan on the forehead. Will's grin turns soft and he leans in for a kiss. It's jarring, at first, with the way it makes Kellan so hot when Will sinks a finger into him. Will soothes him through it, free hand brushing Kellan's hair back from his forehead. He watches Will roll on a condom somewhat deliriously, clenches his teeth at the burning stretch of him sinking in, inch by inch. He picks up the pace at that, hips stuttering so he presses deeper into Kellan's body, and it feels so good. Just as Kellan's eyes are sliding shut, something shifts. Nate's face when he got the phone call about his mom. Kellan stammers,  He has to close his eyes against all the thoughts tripping over him. Kellan makes a gesture like, go ahead, and drops his head back into his hands. She lets out one sob and nods, tears leaking down her face. Will follows him and his grandpa inside to set his car keys on his desk. Kellan says. Kellan doesn't really know why he's pushing this so hard. Kellan doesn't even bother lying to himself that he's disappointed about Nate not coming with him. Nate says. He's got an hour to kill before the mixer starts and another half hour after that if he doesn't want to look to eager (which he doesn't), so he wanders around the Student Union, buys himself a coffee and reads a copy of the school paper. Kellan says (has he forgotten all of his multi-syllable words? They sit like that for a while, not talking. There's still a little bit of snap to the air even though it's nearly May, which ends up being kind of a blessing since it means he has an excuse to keep his hands shoved deep in his pockets instead of wondering what he should do with them. Kellan says, dumbly, eyes caught on Will's mouth. Kellan says. Kellan says, even though it's probably not true. Kellan says, just to fill dead air. Kellan says. Something about the way Will says 'a man' makes Kellan flush hard. Kellan says, smiling. Kellan says, looking up at Will so that he knows Kellan's being honest. On the way to the basement, a lot of people nod and smile at Will, but not in a way that makes him seem over-the-top popular, just well-liked. Kellan smiles,  He's eager to see what Will's taste in music is. Kellan blushes, murmurs,  He drops his head in his hands in a groan because, what? Kellan says, heart hammering like mad in his chest. Will makes a 'hmm' noise in his throat and presses two fingers to Kellan's jaw, angling his face up to Will's. When Will steps away, Kellan's head is swimming. Kellan laughs, but suddenly feels horribly guilty about the whole thing. He's thinking of these things when he hears footsteps jogging up behind him. Kellan surprises himself by doubling over in laughter. Kellan gets dressed and tells his grandpa where he's going before walking to Grace's. The idea had popped up in my mind after flipping through a magazine; you know the type that you buy for the glossy pictures and the hint of juicy gossip. I scanned the crowd and I spotted my target. I stuffed the wicked magazine into my bag and slung it over my shoulder. I had just kissed a stranger, and liked it…I was back, usual time, usual place, a week later, bubblegum snapping between my lips. There stood the cute geek from a week ago, hair tousled, glasses in place. My foggy mind then suddenly registered that they were attached to a pair of feet, which were, magically, attached to a pair of legs. I let my mind ramble on at this point, over the possibilities of moving to Australia or becoming a secret spy for the Canadian Mounted Police. I was once again trapped on the train home, inhaling the,  smell of many people's body odour. My mouth stopped moving and my fingers stopped tapping as I felt my right earphone get ripped out of my ear. I rushed out the doors, as I attempted to fling my bag onto my back. I heard the signal, the train was coming. I stood up, hoisting my bag over my shoulder, bracing myself for the impact of the jostling crowds. I'm so going to kill my friends, Sophie thought. He said with a cheesy smile. Nick Parker was the school's favorite bad boy. Isabella asked. Margaret asked with a cringe. She did her business, washed her hands, and went to walk out the door. Author's Note: This idea popped in my head, so I wanted to give it a try. these," she added thoughtfully. chair. Earrings? those. would worry over that. money to buy gifts. sat at the bottom of the stairs, hugging her legs. name"? again and cry. be a father. miserably She waved at them and started walking toward them. married man. Lily's eyes grew wide. married too. just won't see him again. Cade Thomason was the kind of guy that the majority of girls swooned over in the hallways. Most girls would think,  Well, that wasn't my case. To say that Cade Thomason was hot was an understatement. I never once thought about dating him. That didn't seem to bother Cade, though. Anyway, like I was saying. I wasn't ever going to fall in love with him. I was the second oldest of the family or the middle child. Truth be told, I wasn't smart enough to go to Dartmouth. Mom and Dad thought it was ridiculous since she could always go into modeling or acting since she was  Avery was pretty, but she didn't have the height or weight to go into modeling, and she couldn't act if her life depended on it. But I loved Avery. Then there was Eli. He and Cade were pretty close. If Eli hadn't been so close in age, we would probably get along. Eli was the popular freshman kid. I grumbled. I turned and faced the window and saw Cade sitting at his desk, his black hair falling in his eyes. I don't really know what got Cade and I started on the never-ending battle of hate. I started picking up my clothes and hanging them up in my closet. I liked Spencer. When I got to the page, I touched my picture. Lynn, of course, had her hair curled with a bow on top of her head. Spencer was that little boy that was so…goody two-shoes. Then, there was Cade. But that was typical Cade. I don't know what got Cade started on that. Lynn rolled her eyes and moved. I held my hand up and turned away from him. My first period was chemistry, and I had it with Lynn. I had to grit my teeth together to keep myself from screaming profanities at him. A/N: This is a story I started writing in the airport. The radio blared the song out loud enough to drown out everything in the house and Frey grinned as he caught the sound Janie's voice singing along terribly. Gavin just gave another hysterical laugh and Janie scrambled from the room when Frey grabbed the showerhead and sprayed her with water. Richardson's eyebrows rise and he leans over and starts to tip the drink away with a deliberate action, as if waiting for Robert to tell him joking. Frey was sprawled on the sofa talking happily on the phone, absently twisting a lock of green – very bright, vibrant, practically luminous green – round a finger, smiling shyly at something the other person had said. He accepted Frey's sexuality without a care; he was still his son no matter what or who he chose in life. No surprise there, Anna was the modern day super mum/business woman. Frey was just relived that he wasn't grounded. Surveying the sea of beautiful people occupying the trendy bar, Justin Plank felt a slight thrill of the hunt. For the past three years, Justin had been running his father's talent agency in Los Angeles. Now, at the age of twenty-eight, he had accomplished little with the once well-regarded agency. People would avoid him if they saw him walking towards them at parties. Justin's grinning expression barely flickered at the mention of the talent agency that had been taking over L.A. like an unstoppable force. The star shook his head sadly,  He clasped Justin's shoulder with a conciliatory grip, and walked away, Justin staring murderously at his back as he went. It was a futile task; as soon as they heard the name , they would rudely turn and walk away from Justin. Justin said, leaning against the bar as he slurped down a cheap glass of wine. Justin could hear the clapping cascade starting from the front of the room, moving back to where he was at the bar. Tony certainly stood out. The taller man stopped upon hearing Justin's name. Truth be told, they knew each other. Tony waded through the crowds of people, and walked up to Justin with a friendly smile. At the bar, Tony ordered two scotches and smiled down at Justin. He set the glass down on the bar, and tried to walk away. Justin hissed back, as he tried to claw Tony's grip from his arm. These words only seemed to make Tony angry. Justin let out a choked laugh, and nodded his head as he tried to flatten the business card on the bar. She giggled at his slurring. The girl was undeterred. As he reached the car, he slammed a palm against the door that Tony had climbed through. Justin was breathing heavily from running, and had to bend over to catch his breath, putting his hand on the rim of the window to keep steady. Tony's expression was unreadable for a moment, as if he was considering Justin's words, but then he smirked. The grip was released, and Tony withdrew his arm. Tony ignored him, and ordered the driver to go on. Justin couldn't help but stare at Tony's crotch. He inched forward, and placed a hand on Tony's leg, as he started to reach for the zipper on the man's Armani pants. There was no answer as Tony tapped an intercom button, signaling that the driver should stop. Justin nodded,  With that, he clamored into the car, this time without being self-conscious about touching Toroda. The other man considered these words, and then nodded. Tony replied, knocking Justin's hand away as he started tugging on the shirt. Justin pushed away slightly, but Tony ignored this as he started to tug Justin's pants down. Bob Seger belted out loudly – urging me to take those old records off the shelf and made me wince. I knew it was time for a new pillow when I was able to hear the timid rap at my door. he said simply, standing in the doorway. My mother loved music – especially the classics. I tugged Tommy through the cramped living room and dropped his hand as I marched over to the CD player and pressed the stop button. my mother asked, frowning as she entered the room. I flashed my mother a grateful smile as we both headed to the kitchen. I shrugged and grabbed a granola bar. My mother's house was exactly nineteen minutes from the driveway to the Administration Building of Dunne-Browling University and I would have been perfectly happy to commute every day. All my things were already in my dorm and mostly unpacked. Still, I'd stayed and I was actually grateful I did. she said, removing Tommy's waffles from the toaster. another girl snorted as she lounged on a sofa, dark eyes on the television. Morgan asked. I adjusted to my classes rather quickly – though I'd always been sort of a nerd. I stifled a groan and nodded. Bailey said with a shrug. It was on the tip of my tongue to bow out but I really wanted to fit in here. The bar was larger than it appeared outside. A stage was positioned opposite the bar and a drum kit already sat waiting, along with two microphone stands and a couple of guitars. A waitress floated over and cleared the mess with a meager smile. Once the spotlight hit the lead singer, my breath left me in one loud whoosh. He wasn't as tall as Dustin in my estimation but he was thinner. I sighed and opened my eyes, my cheeks burning. By the time the band started their second set, I was on my second vodka and cranberry juice, compliments of Bailey. My pulse shot through my veins when the band started a ballad and the lead singer's eyes met mine. She laughed and shook my shoulders. I nodded, slightly doubtful. The band ended their performance to raucous applause and Bailey nudged me annoyingly. I inched closer, not able to help myself. He plucked the drink from my hand, set it on the stage and laced his fingers through mine. he asked with raised brow. His lips returned to my neck. I barely registered where we were as he backed me into another room. As heated as our kisses had been, I expected the sex to be the same way. Afterwards, he dropped beside me, his chest heaving. A/N: This chapter pretty much sets the tone for the rest of the story. But no. She asked as politely as possible, trying to conceal all the bubbling anger she was feeling inside. All she remembered was the fact that she never liked taking busses. He said, sounding faintly apologetic. Someone called out from behind, and the both of them turned, only to see Kayla happily bouncing down the street. But before he could say anything (courteous) in return, Samantha tugged on Kayla's arm and started pulling her into her apartment, her lips tightly pursed. Checking from the window to make sure that it was him (After all, it would be rather humiliating to blurt out some silly things, like 'Ohoho, little leprechaun! Ran down another floor, her heart was starting to ache, and she remembered the last time she used the stairs. And everything else happened, just the way it should be. Oh, and by the way, the part about falling twice and ripped pants? You don't know his name, you don't know his name! beat down on me. First and foremost, I would like to repeat that this is piece of slash fiction, meaning it will contain homosexual themes. But what happens if you find yourself surrounded by businessmen, lawyers, doctors, teachers, architects, writers, husbands, wives, and a whole plethora of the workforce? So here I am, grabbing yet another cocktail off the waiter and chatting with people that wouldn't have given me a second look back in high school. The ballroom of the Shangri-La is gleaming gold and silver. When we were in high school, our teachers told us that we would be the future leaders of the world. I turn to face the sound of the voice. In comparison to the general scheme of things, ten years is absolutely at all no length of time. But what this reunion has really made me think about fits nowhere into my span of ten years. This is received with a chorus of groans from the class. Crap. Oh yeah, my name is Adam Lee, and the girl sitting to my right is my best friend Tara Green. Tara opens her mouth to retort but is cut off by Mrs. Atkins appearing between our desk, hat outstretched. Across the classroom, a golden haired girl stood up and made her way towards the front of the room. Wait. What can I say about Cindy versus Tara? And then it's at number six. This must be karma for delighting in Tara's misery. Knowing that every girl had a crush on Blake Edwards, Tara included, I lean down and whispered to Tara,  then walk up to the front of the classroom. Our school cafeteria caters to all tastes, be it western, oriental, European, etc, etc. The beautiful seaside scenery of Parsimony is a magnet for rich prospective land owners the world over. But enough of that. But enough of that. That would be Jared Balani. Jared starts. Behind Blake his entourage is impatiently waiting, so I take out my post it notes (yes I carry some. - So how'd you like it so far? Erm. Nate concentrates on breathing as he watches Kellan go up on tiptoes and smiling to kiss Will on the mouth. It's been three months since Kellan got his memory back (and Nate had been the last to know. Will waves at Nate, and Nate has to grip on the steering wheel to keep from barging out of the car and punching the bastard in the face. The worst part about it is he still wants Kellan. And he has to close his eyes and think, No, forcefully, No. Kellan kisses Will again while Nate fiddles with the stations of the radio. Kellan laughs and Nate pretends not to notice the way his head cranes to watch Will as they drive away. Nate says honestly. He stays in his car for a minute, kneading his forehead with his fingers. He doesn't have any other choice, after all. That night, after another awkward car ride with Kellan, Nate gets home to find his dad's car in the garage, which is never a good sign for a Friday night. (The thing is, he and his dad used to be close. his dad asks, taking a sip of whatever's in his glass. It would be nice, if it were true. his dad says, takes another draw of brandy (bourbon? Nate nods his head numbly, thinking I can do this. Nate grits his teeth at the endearment. But it hadn't worked out that way, and thank god, Nate thinks. Nikki says, grinning. He doesn't get it until two seconds later, when somebody knocks into his hip on his way out to the floor. Nate's feels his eyes widening further. Nate spends most of the time holed away in his air-conditioned house, jerking off and watching porn, ignoring the way his eyes stray to the men in the scenes more often than not. He flops back onto the sheets, panting and dizzyingly used-up, slow to come back to reality. He gets to Kellan's, spends a few hours playing video games in the living room, joking around and batting at each other playfully, until Nate is breathless with it. They're Kellan and Nate. Until Kellan knocks the controller out of his hands and topples him over. Nate laughs shakily, jerking forward in a half-aborted move to press his mouth against Kellan's. Nate glances over Kellan's shoulder out the front window, sees that the sky has gotten dark and brooding. The two of them sit on Kellan's porch swing, each at his own respective end and with no touching in the middle. Kellan smiles at him conspiratorially, his eyes shining and his eyebrow raised like I'm sharing this moment with you. Nate works over his words with his jaw before settling on silence. It's not even that he thinks about it anymore, it's just a kneejerk reaction. But his eyes get caught on Kellan's bare knees, the darkness of the hair on his calves, the pale indent of his ankle. Kellan's hand shoots out and grabs Nate's wrist. Kellan holds him hands up in surrender. He doesn't know what makes him say it, maybe it's the way it's about to rain, and everything feels like it's holding its breath. If he focuses hard enough, Kellan will come to him. When he hears a crack, for a beat he thinks it's thunder, but with a swoop of agonizing shame, he realizes it was the screen door of Kellan's house slamming on his way inside. By the lunch rush, all the ladies in his section are mooning over Quentin, asking Nate if he's friends with him, if he knows what part of England Quentin is from. Okay, look, Nate is not that small. Christ, he needs to get out of here. On one such terrible night, Nate wanders into the den where his dad is typing at his computer, hair ruffled from running his hands through it. Nate has a body like his mom's, slender and small, but the rest of him is a copy of his dad. He almost tells him about Kellan and asks him how to grow up and stop needing people so goddamn much. Nate says, Nate oversleeps the next day, and is almost late to work. Frazzled and well on his way to annoyed, Nate rushes out towards the floor, but comes up short with a gasp. Kellan keeps looking over his shoulder at the door, and Nate watches as a huge grin breaks out over his face—knows there's only one person who could inspire it (knows that person used to be him). Nate looks up at him, trying to seem nonchalant, but failing miserably. He watches from behind a pillar while Quentin approaches their table. Nate desperately wants to say, right? Kellan calls, waving him over. Grace says, looking as uncomfortable as Nate. Nate says, feeling like the wind's been knocked out of him. Quentin says, appearing at Nate's side with his tray. Nate says, fighting with everything in him not to do anything rash. Nate goes back to Kellan's table, only slightly aware of their cheerful conversation withering at his approach. He walks back to the back, trying to forget all of it. Nate gulps down whatever is in the cup (which is Dr. Pepper. Nate's going to retort. Quentin says, and Nate waits for a sickening moment for Quentin to say Kellan's name. Quentin furrows his eyebrows and mouths out whatever it was Grace just said. By the time the party has dwindled down to just a few people, Nate is tense from being on edge for so long, and wants more than anything just to go home and sleep it off. Nate hmm's and puts the car in park, flicks off his headlights. Nate says, dropping his head back on the headrest. Then he scoffs at himself and angrily drives home. Until Quentin walks in the door, backlit by afternoon sunshine, shooting the spaces between his curly fly-aways through with gold. Nate jumps forward, fingers fumbling on the machine so his time punches diagonal across two days, cramming his timesheet back in its slot and hurrying away. Of Kellan, nosing at Nate's temple. Of Will and Nikki kissing on Grace's front lawn, Nikki leaning back to tell Nate I left you money on the table in the hall, mate. Of Quentin in the dark, Nate's eyes too unfocused to see his face, murmuring, so you've finally figured it out. So, Quentin says, Kellan says, his dad says, each of them with too many teeth in mouths that are impossibly wide across their faces. By the time his hangover has subsided enough that he feels like he could make it downstairs to eat something, it's nearly 4pm and there's a message on the machine from his dad saying he'll be gone another night. In the end, Nate decides to go to Platform and pick up his schedule for the next couple of weeks, and if Quentin is there, well, then, Nate will say hi. He's afraid Quentin's going to press it. He kicks at the chair across from him like, sit with me. He likes Quentin, so what? Quentin says, nodding in recognition as the cook puts Quentin's order up. Nate blinks up at him. He resolutely avoids watching Quentin cleaning off his tables and saying goodnight to all his customers by returning his cup to the kitchen, poring over the schedule to see who he's working with and when (he's got three and a half shifts with Quentin next week and he doesn't know if he's excited by that or not. Before he can stop himself, Nate presses his finger over it, glances up into Quentin's eyes as he turns the touch into a caress. In the end, he just lays his fingers lightly on Quentin's hand where it's set on Quentin's thigh. Quentin's line of sight flickers back and forth between Nate's eyes, like he's sizing him up. Nate is so frustrated with himself he could scream, but instead he starts wiping down the bar so he has something to do with his hands. But he doesn't say any of those things. Quentin says. he whispers, blood thrumming in the space behind his eardrums. Nate doesn't know what to say to that, so he just lets himself picture Quentin draped artfully over white, cotton sheets, shadows of the room pooling in the hollow places of his body. Nate doesn't quite catch the strangled noise that bursts out of his throat. Nate laughs breathlessly, shaking and so. Nate gasps, all the fantasies he's had in the last few weeks tripping over each other in his head. (Nate doesn't give any sort of indication that this affects him at all. Nate can only nod. Before he calls, he spends a few hours convincing himself he's not going to do it. He moans when he realizes that he does know this. he says. Quentin sighs. Nate hisses, shouldering by Quentin before he can see the hurt look on the other man's face. He gets a couple of waters and brings them to where his dad is sitting, tapping away on his phone, mouth turned down into a tight frown. His dad looks up, startled, like he wandered in here by mistake. Nate asks. He hates a lot of things, but none of them as much as he hates his dad. The back lot smells like old cigarettes and asphalt, but Nate stays out there a long time past when his break is up. There's an envelope of money on the table in the entryway, a note scrawled on the front that just says  in all capital letters—the way Nate used to write everything just because his dad did it. He feels like a fucking prince. Nate! Anyway, big-boy school is sort of fantastic in some ways and sort of horrible in others. I'm fine. Yeah, I mean, of course they're both great. I'm an asshole. Hey, just…it's been a few days. But whatever. As expected, or, well maybe not expected, but certainly not unexpected, Quentin ignores him for the better part of the night. Nate licks his lips, mouth dropping open a little at the implication, and nods. Something keeps him from progressing beyond the phone calls, though. Quentin looks down at him, eyes darkening, thumb running down the curve of Nate's index finger. he says, and Nate wants to gag. Nate says, sliding an arm around her waist and tugging her close. They stand like that for a while, and Nate likes the feeling of holding somebody. Mostly, he hates himself, has for a long time, and it makes him sick because he can't run away from it. He clenches his fists in his hair and forces a ragged sound out from between his teeth. Wants somebody to want him bad enough not to leave him behind. He trudges up the street, shivering and retching every once in a while, having to stop and sit on the curb to catch his breath. I'm afraid I'll never be able to love anyone as much as I love you. He deletes it. Nate tries to jerk out of Quentin's grasp, but he's too tired to put up much of a fight. Nate bites his lip, chest heaving, comforter slipping down his bare shoulders. His hand slides up Nate's back, tipping his head onto Quentin's shoulder and he steps back from the banister, just cradling Nate in his arms. Quentin's hands are feel like they're everywhere at once, and Nate is content to let them roam, soaking in the feeling, lips sliding hotly over lips. Quentin bites him on the ear, but Nate thinks he gets it anyway. He sits up and looks around for something he could use as a weapon. Nate steps aside so Kellan can come in. Nate looks at him. Kellan looks away, guilt screwing up his face. Nate sets his hand lightly on Kellan's head. They fall into step with each other, walking into Platform through the back. Nate clenches his hands in Quentin's shirt, buries his face in his shoulder. Quentin's arms wrap around him, hold him close. Nate doesn't want to be in here. Nate becomes painfully aware of the feeling of Kellan's wet, plush lips against his. There's a moment, then, when Kellan meets his eye and Nate gets it. His stomach hurts as he pulls up to the house, heart in his throat, lips still swollen from being on Kellan's mouth. Nate brings his shaking fingers to the hem of Quentin's shirt, tugging upward until Quentin yanks it over his head. Nate does, running his fingers over the spit-slicked skin, biting at it again. They stay that way, breathing into each other's mouths, until Quentin's eyes fly open and he comes with a wrecked groan, hips stuttering wildly. Before Nate can say anything, Quentin drops to his knees and thumbs open Nate's pants, tugging them and his boxers down enough so that his cock springs free. He comes down slowly, sinking to his knees in front of Quentin to kiss him. (Much later, he goes home. Quentin's eyes open, and they're tender with something that can't be anything other than affection. There needs to be a word between  and  he thinks, because whatever that word is, it's what he's feeling. For some reason, it's not upsetting. A month later, as his dad is packing up to leave, Nate comes in his room and sits on his bed, next to his suitcase. They sit like that for a long time. After thinking about what happened that day, Nate still hasn't decided just how he feels about it. Nate says. Quentin says. Nate smears his fingers in the lube around Quentin's opening, presses with a little more intent at the taut skin. Whatever it was, he doesn't say, just strokes his hands up Nate's back and into his hair. (Because with it, comes the expiration of Quentin's visa, which is up at the end of May. (And it doesn't have the same effect as it used to. Nate shakes his head to clear it. Back in Quentin's kitchenette, Nate hoists himself onto the counter and watches Quentin at work. Nate agrees, hopping down from the counter to stand toe-to-toe with Quentin. So he wraps his arms around Quentin's hips and presses his chest along the other man's back. Nate says, popping the button of Quentin's jeans and jerking the zipper down. With shaking hands, Quentin starts washing the dishes again, and Nate keeps his pace slow and torturous. He slips the pad of his thumb over Quentin's lower lip (and it's so hot and wet, Nate wants to drag him to the ground and suck it into his own mouth. Quentin grips both of his hands up over Nate's shoulders, over the top of the fridge. Before he really thinks about what he's doing, he goes to his knees, yanks Quentin's jeans and briefs down his thighs and wraps his hand around Quentin's cock. Things get sloppy from there, spit dripping down Nate's chin as he takes it and takes it and takes it. fragile. Nate thinks of his mom, the way she hadn't given up, even at the end. Outside the window, everything is shot through with green. Times like these and it's like meeting his dad again, after years of having him gone. Nate swallows. Quentin says. He's not ready to say it out loud yet, but he is ready to think it. I love you. When it's just Nate and Quentin and Nikki left, they sit at an outdoor table they dragged out here a few days ago, when it looked like summer was finally on the way. In a few days, Quentin will leave, and Nate will have this gaping hole inside of him and no one here will know. Somebody has to know. Nate says with his fingers, pressing bruises on Quentin's hips. In his whole life, of all the things he's lost, none of them have been this cleanly devastating before. It costs him twelve dollars to park, but he doesn't say anything about it. They make small talk while they're waiting in line to check Quentin's bag. Quentin doesn't say anything, or maybe he does, and Nate can't hear it over the thundering of his heart, and they stand that way, hands hidden behind Quentin's bag until they're waved forward. Nate starts to say. Nate says, huffing out a breath past the panicked hurt that clenches in his chest when he thinks it. A/N: Sorry this took so long, guys. ALSOANDMOSTIMPORTANT: Thanks for everyone who read/reviewed Side Effects. Here is the first chapter of the sequel, 'Don't Fall For The Player' I'm not sure all to say here just I hope you all enjoy it and the start of the sequel doesn't disappoint! she squealed, gripping onto his shoulders and pushing him back. she swayed over to the chair in the corner of his room and grabbed her jacket. he said and she nodded, giving him a sweet innocent smile that made his skin tingle. she rested her head against the doorframe smiling at him. he smiled, shutting the door behind him as he stepped inside. she grumbled, Colton sliding his hands over her shoulders and started to massage the tension in them. his finger knocked away loose hair and looked at the mark on her sweet skin. she shrugged and his eyes playfully narrowed on her. he joked, pushing up her glasses and she laughed. she moaned, her eyes fluttering shut as he worked on that one spot she loved so much. she smirked, crashing her lips into his and biting down on his lip, him releasing a growl before walking into his bathroom and kicking the door shut. Tenley agreed. he tossed his hand up knowing he would never go through with it. she explained. Hannah said making both girls laugh. she did a spin to show it off. she pushed up for a quick kiss. Yeah of course he and Billie got along. she laughed a bit grabbing her clip board and flipping through the pages. she let out a small laugh as her brows pulled together. he shrugged casually taking a sip of his drink. Hannah covered her hand to his mouth as she hushed him. Max twisted in the booth. she jumped up and started tugging him toward the dance floor. he informed her, knowing the looks his girl received drove him nuts. she gripped his shirt and tugged him down for a kiss. she shook her head with a frown. Hannah told her quickly. she cringed thinking about it. she informed them and a few brows raised. Billie asked quietly, never knowing Colton was so compassionate. her hand slid to his cheek and brought him down for a kiss. Max moved after his best friend. her heart pounded as she looked at her boyfriend. he smirked and Tenley dropped quickly when she saw her boyfriend's arm go up and fly forward. he shrugged knowing she was right. he shook his head. he grinned and her heart tightened. balding again? for all of the world to read? right. Author's Notes of Glitter and Spiffiness, Volume One: I despise being new to these types of things. Author's Notes on the Story: This story contains offensive topics, such as self abuse, anorexia, general depression, teenage angst, mild mental problems, English writing assignments, homosexual relationships, girls that watch porn, rain, bad grades, and other discussion points that may cause you to flame me. Also, each chapter will have my current song muse at the beginning. I've always hated my name. Keegan Oliver Oakley-Kearn is my full name. I'm not sure what my story is going to be about, but then again, I don't think anyone really knows. my mother's voice screeched from the room across the hall. I've lived in Reedsburg my entire life, but I've never attended their school. I know what you're saying. I pull off my pajamas and search through the drawers of my dresser for something to wear on the first day. I pulled out a plain, white button-down. I'm kind of short, only about 5'5" and I'm very pale. I pulled at the skin that came off my stomach. Finally, I had managed to get dressed, finishing my little clean-cut look off with a pair of khaki shorts and some sneakers. I approached the building and slowed down, breathing out puffs of air, my face flushed. As if this wasn't enough, I suddenly felt myself smack into something. it said, backing up from my intruding form. I rambled out what I hoped to be a good apology, but my distress at running into this public schoolboy was obvious. he said, ruffling my hair. he said in that voice of his. His hair was green. he said cheerfully. Remy looked up from his homework. Remy said, sitting back from his homework. Remy had made a point to tell his mom that guys did not adore other guys, but when he'd finally been introduced to Copper, he couldn't help it. Still, that income was shared with his mom now, but it was weird to come home to a new wardrobe your mom thought you'd fricken love. Seriously, Remy lived in a box. Copper murmured. Copper said, dropping his hand from his neck. Yep. Eventually, he clicked his lamp off and called it a night. He wasn't going to get a wink tonight. Remy had to shut his brain off because he was having inappropriate, curious thoughts about Copper, and this could not go on. He peeled himself off his mattress and groaned into his hands. Remy dressed as quick and quiet as he could, and then stepped out of the room. So, he read and walked. He looked around himself, and then gawked. This guy here — this guy, with his black rimmed glasses, his reddish brown hair, his runt physique, his book in hand — who was he? Around him lay the Reds. Well, it amuses me. Summary: It started out as a simple friendship. 1. 2. 3. 5. 6. She relied on him more than she would ever admit. They changed; broke the rules. One day changed everything. Until, she was late. He wasn't ready to be a Dad and she wasn't ready to be a Mom. Secretly, she was happy. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING:  WARNING: This story contains rape. Jason back-handed me sending me crashing into the wall behind me. My heart started racing as I struggled to gain control of my breathing, my chest heaving violently. he whispered gently next to my ear. He's really expecting me to willingly sleep with him? I blurted out at Jason. Here I am, for the first time ever in my life standing fully naked in front of a man but not any man, my kidnapper. I knew he wasn't asking but still I bobbed my head like a drunken lama, my move caused me to catch a glimpse of the huge bulge in Jason's pants. Jason turned me around before I had the chance to get to the bed and hugged my naked body to his making my breasts touch his torso and pressing my stomach to his abs. I knew he wanted me to spread my legs for him. he said, lying on top of me so that his chest was pressed against mine. I snapped. I shuddered at his words, his voice so deep that I briefly enjoyed listening to him. He positioned his body between my legs, his mouth moving to suckle at my right breast. His previous words came back to me and suddenly they made sense. In that second he impaled my body with his huge dick, the head ripping quickly past the delicate layer of inner flesh, Jason's hips rammed hard against mine as he buried himself to the hilt inside of my pussy stretching me. My eyes were shut to try to stamp out the pain, tears falling heavily down my face as Jason began pumping faster and harder into my body. Jason groaned, before letting go in me. Hate it? It was a pretty average Friday night for me. I'm not homophobic or anything. a female voice cut in and I actually turned around for it. I nodded dumbly. she said, already making me a plate and handing it to me. I said, taking another bite. Jonathan said, moving closer to me. my brother said with a half smile, leaning back on his elbows. My brother, who was taking a sip of beer, choked slightly before glancing at me and looking back to Jonathan. I groaned. Kyle said, eyes lighting up. Trevor returned with a long light purple object in hand. Everyone in the room laughed a little before a vacuum of silence took over the room with one little click of an on switch. Okay, I could explain the bulge that was forming in my jeans. His mouth came off the tip with a little pop and before he caught me staring, I threw my attention onto Joy's face. I tried to think up a lie but my mind was void of imagination and all that stared me down in my head was plain fact. Kyle said. I tried to say that I had but the words wouldn't come out. She flew up and pecked me on the lips. Fine, I would get it over with. Emmett grabbed my shoulders and shifted himself, moving me beneath him. Good. It was hard to pretend he was someone else. Joy was rubbing her breasts with her hands as she sat on her foot, rocking back and forth. Joy took off her shirt. My hips bucked involuntarily and I tried to apologize but Emmett just ignored me and started kissing my lips. In my room, I listened at the door as he started yelling at his friends. I threw myself on the bed and tried to forget what was happening outside the door. An image of Joy popped into my head. Stalker? found an envelope on my bed? cares? I walked through the house and glanced at all the rooms. Walking down the hallway to the kitchen I pushed and kicked piles of boxes out of my way. By the time I was finished and happy with everything it was 12:30pm. Closing my eyes I thought about where I was. This place seemed perfectly suited for me but I wondered how long I could stay here. The couch dipped as my tabby, Nemo pounced on the cushion next to me and curled up by my chest. I laughed myself to sleep at that idiotic thought. I didn't mind the company, I was more than grateful actually. She snorted and raised her eyebrows at me. I grinned at her and got a few more pokes in the ribs before she got up laughing and walked slightly wobbly into the house. I looked back at the moon. As I thought that, Dad came stumbling out of the door. I said getting up and helping him to the door and the upstairs bedroom. Written for Ki-chan. he scoffed off her concerns as he slipped down sleepily in his chair. Blue laughed. Now, Blue was a humble storyteller. he rubbed his palms together, an idea sprouting in his head. Well, it had been worth a try. Blue laughed as he latched on to the man's arm and led him out of the main hall. One by one, each of the storytellers from all over the world went before the King and the King's advisors to tell their grandest and most outlandish tales. Each day, Perry would demand a tale for the trouble it took to escort Blue around the many marvels of the palace. But as with all such things, the day came for which it was Blue's turn to tell his grandest, most glorious tale to the King. Lifting his head, Blue stopped to gape at the King. He told of a foolish little storyteller of no consequence at all, who had fallen for a palace guard. Not waiting to see the reception that such a tale would garner, Blue turned and ran, taking shortcuts through the halls that he'd learned from Perry. He was dying, of that he was certain. That was the way of this cursed war; hunt, kill, and hunt again. It was quite ridiculous actually; humans eat more than one type of meat after all so why shouldn't the Chosen drink more than just human blood? As he slid down the wall in the dank and dirty alley he had been left in to die he had to laugh. His brothers…the thought of leaving them one member short in this war troubled him more than his death ever would. When he felt blood dribble down his chin he was momentarily confused…he hadn't been hit on the head…and then he realized that the blood was coming from his mouth. He heard her coming close to him, stumbling over things as if she wouldn't take her eyes off him long enough to watch where she walked. It took a lot of pulling on her part, she drug him a few feet across the alleyway to a door that was partially hidden by what he thought was a dumpster but he couldn't be sure. He heard her close the door and then felt it as she slumped down to the floor beside him. She tried to pull away from him but even as weak as he was she was no match for him. He was beyond hearing her words; he needed her blood too much and with the state that he was in his inner beast was taking over. He heard her soft wispy voice plead. He had to roll away from her, he couldn't be so close when all he wanted to do was latch onto her and drink some more. He pulled himself up into a sitting position so that he could check on the female that had saved his life and was stunned at what he found. Half breeds were rare in their world because the two species didn't often cross paths and when they did they were not on good terms. Looking down at the frail woman before him and her albino appearance, he understood more why she had been so clumsy in the alleyway; she would be nearly blind as well, and weaker than both Chosen and shifter. And that's what he didn't understand, there were no laws against drinking the blood of a half breed. Cursing he pulled himself up off the floor and made sure that the tiny apartment was secure before picking up the small woman and carrying her to the only bedroom in the place. He found himself cupping her face and not knowing why, such a tender act was not like him at all. The mystery of the little half breed would have to wait until she woke up and he himself felt the need to sleep so he walked back into the living room and sank down on her tiny sofa. Ryder told him about the fight and how he was attacked from behind; the growl that escaped his friend's throat told him that he hated the cowardly bastard just as much for stabbing him in the back. His body was in tune with the coming and going of the sun, as were most Chosen, so he woke up as the sun was setting. His growl scared her; he could see how she cringed away from him and pressed her body against the headboard more fully. No, he would not let her pay for feeding him with her life; the very idea of her being dead caused a panic to let loose in his chest. He said as he wrapped both his arms around her small body. Ryder went and got several bags but quickly found out that she would only need one, all her clothes were now neatly folded on the bed and he watched as she emptied one drawer that held her panties and bras. She admitted. He offered feeling anger towards her brother. Ryder wanted to kiss her, she was so strong and brave; she would willingly allow her alpha to get his hands on her to keep him safe. He turned so that she could grab his shirt. He felt her step closer to him as if seeking out protection and he damn well was going to protect her. He started walking faster, placing him and Ivory in the middle of a large human crowd, as much as Caige might want Ivory he wouldn't risk making a scene around the humans, none of them wanted humans alerted to the fact that their bedtime nightmares were actually real. Ryder ignored Rohan and opened the back door ushering Ivory inside just as he saw Caige's face in the crowd of humans. She said as she balled into a tight knot on the seat beside him. Ryder pulled Ivory into his arms and hugged her close. Ryder said in a harsh tone as Ivory pulled away from him. Rohan turned his attention back on the road then and pretended that he didn't have two passengers. He watched as the gates slid closed in her rear view. Both men didn't know what to say to that, there was such a lost and hopeful tone to her voice that both men knew she didn't think she would ever have a real family. When they entered the house he could tell that Ivory was terrified and that meant that the others would know too. When they entered the house he wasn't surprised to see all of them there waiting. Liam said as he pushed off from the wall. But when Liam came closer they were all surprised when Ivory opened her mouth and hissed at him. Ryder could hear her heart beat, she was scared and was reacting as any animal would when felt trapped. He said in soothing tones. They were all looking a little strangely at Ryder and Ivory, as if they were trying to figure something out. Thane said as he turned to leave the room. Liam laughed and shook his head and Ryder knew that he was never going to live it down that a small wisp of woman like Ivory had to save his ass. Cayden said in a soft voice. He watched as she walked and counted her steps, re-walking the path several times until she was able to get to the stairs without any aide at all. Once they were in the room she stopped and looked around, though he knew she was looking at shapes and shadows more than details. Ryder wasn't about to admit that the thought of her dead did the same thing to him that the thought of him dead did to her. A knock on the door behind them caused Ivory to jump but Ryder didn't jump he has heard the approach and was even able to tell that it was Thane from the way his foot falls fell. Ivory sat down on the bed and tried to make sense of the overwhelming panic that she was feeling. Ryder said uncomfortably, he knew about Thane's family of course…all the brothers did. Thane let the subject drop, even though Ryder could tell that he didn't want to. Ryder checked his weapons before opening the car door. Ivory liked Benny; he was kind and didn't judge her…on anything. Benny shifted uncomfortably. So that explained his old age and his ability to get around so well despite his years…the fey didn't age, at all. Benny said in a sad voice. Ivory liked that he didn't make concessions for her blindness, he didn't ask her if she could or couldn't do something, he assumed she would know how or she would tell him she couldn't if she wasn't able to. She and Benny worked in companionable silence, she worked the apples and he was making the crust. She whispered as she scented the air with her mouth. Liam must have heard her scream out because he was there before Benny even finished yelling for him. Benny said as he ran for the kitchen phone. Benny hung up the phone and came back to where Liam was holding Ivory, she wasn't struggling anymore but was crying softly. Ryder didn't want to move, every time he did he felt like his skin was being torn off. Just then they heard the screeching of tires outside, Thane stood up and placed himself in front of Ryder, pulling out his dagger and growling ready to fight off anyone that would come for his friend. Rohan said breaking the growing tension. Ryder insisted. Liam knew bringing a female into their home was a bad idea, not that he or any of them would have turned Ivory away…she had saved one of their own, that made her family. He didn't know if it was because her skin was so white or if the welts were really as bad as they appeared but he kept expecting to see blood oozing from the wounds. Ivory moaned and jerked, her small hands fisted in the blankets as she cried out. Ivory cried more, her body tensing and jerking but she never woke up fully; with the state she was in he figured that Ryder must be pretty bad off himself and hoped that he would be okay. He was going to be exactly like one of my numerous book boyfriends, I thought with another sigh. I knew it was silly of me to love guys from fictional stories. Smiling faintly, I looked at the cover and at the man gracing it. This was what daydreams were for, to be anything but sane, realistic and pessimistic. I jerked my head up, the worry in the voice cutting through my thoughts. I shivered surreptitiously as I registered the subject of the discussion. I bit my lip as I watched them with envy. My family had just moved to this town a couple of months back and I transferred to the prestigious, private school, East Private School. It was a good thing I had my books with me. I blinked as the book I was holding vanished from my hands. I sighed loudly as I began to dig inside my bag for a highlighter. I found one and handed it to her, resisting the urge to pull out all of her long, red hair from the scalp. I frowned, not wanting to admit she was right. I growled at her direction. I didn't know why she couldn't ask her friends or another classmate. I watched her as she left the classroom with her friends, laughing about something they said. Heading to the direction of the cafeteria, I claimed the last empty table outside and pulled out a sandwich and juice box from my bag. I felt bored, so, so bored. Suddenly, I felt the tension in the air around me. At that moment, I was aware that everyone in the cafeteria was staring beyond me. I heard footsteps coming towards me. My first thought of him was that he was hot. A tattoo drifted up his neck. I thought about running for it. I flinched visibly as he jumped onto the table, walked across it and sat on the edge close to me, his legs dangling beside me. My heart started to beat again. He wrapped his hand around my arm and pulled me up. I lost all the color left in my face. I didn't care if he was handsome and tall because he was definitely not shy nor was he nice. I fainted. Ignoring the distressed screams and panicked voices coming from the cafeteria, he hitched his new girlfriend up in his arms and began the trek to the school infirmary. He dumped Sophia on the nearest bed and gave the nurse a glance. The nurse managed to swallow her food and gave him a nod. His crew's reports said that she was cute, which was fucked-up because she wasn't fucking cute. Sophia was pretty, unbelievably pretty. A pureness he was going to defile with his tainted hands if he tried. Her body was so soft against his, he was positive he sported a semi while he held her. Leon rolled his eyes skyward. Sooooo, here it is! I hated airports. Today, however, was very different. To say that I was happy would be an under statement. I wonder how she is now. It's not that I haven't talked to her in five years. I snapped out of my thoughts. I gently poked my mom sitting beside me. Natalie…I hope you make it better. Natalie was loaded, I knew that. We drove to her house. After 10-15 minutes of drive, Natalie turned into an area with big houses. Suddenly, Natalie pulled into a long, beautiful driveway. Mrs. Simons hugged my mom as well, though not as tightly as she hugged me. Mom looked a bit uncomfortable but went with it. I smiled how some things were still the same. She nodded, her loose curls (which must've taken her hours to do right) bouncing lightly. Natalie looked away uncomfortably. I shuddered, remembering again. I mumbled to myself, clearly lost in a school so big, my last one seemed puny compared to it. I rubbed the back of my head in pain. He had these amazing, orbs of blue, which were what caught my attention first. Okay, stop Haley. Man, he was really good looking. Handsome boy was being nice to me. Though it was only 7:30 in the morning, I could tell today was going to be a good day. I was saying sorry. Her dark brown hair was pretty much everywhere, but behind that hair were these amazing greenish blue eyes. I apologized again. Did she just roll her eyes at me? I said. Well, at least that explained a little bit. I said, smiling. I said, still perusing. I shuddered, thinking about this morning. Well, that confirms it. A/N: Helloooo everybody. PS: I posted this story before. Thirty minuets later with a cup of tea in hand Isobell was striding her way along the pavements of New York to her job. As usual the city never failed to impress. Hey! Disclaimer: This story is a work of complete fiction. I was sixteen when I first heard the song. I stepped inside the small CD store at the Mayfield shopping centre which was not to far from my place, the fingers on my left hand gripping to the cuff of my dark grey hoodie, making sure that it covered my recently hacked up wrists. I looked around the store, trying to spot anyone I had to avoid, or would rather not bump into. I liked what I heard, especially the 'Teenage Wildlife' part. I looked up at the girl behind the counter, her fake smiling face both setting my on an edge, and annoying me almost instantly. I gave up smiling along time ago. I stared at the girl, for some reason trying to assess her. I nodded, taking a step backwards turning slightly away, my eyes darting over to the B stand. Flipping the CD over in my hand, I almost let out a small dry laugh at the price. With my wallet clasped in one hand, and the CD in the other, I made my way back to the front desk. I thumbed the notes, roughly counting out how much I had in there. I shrugged, not really wanting to talk, to draw attention to my self. I shook my head slowly, trying to clear it. I turned quickly, my legs starting to walk automatically, my eyes focused on the floor, like usual. My tormenter. I could feel my skin twisting, the gashes on my wrist feeling warm yet again, my blood seeping into my shirt even more. I regained my balance, and fled the shop, hoping that he wouldn't follow me, that he would leave me alone for the rest of the holidays. I feeling something on my hand, I looked down, blinking, furiously trying to clear away my tears, clearing my vision long enough to see the blood following down from my wrist. I hit them with almost twice the force I had hit Brad, and ended up sprawled out over the cold tiles on the floor, the bag with my CD in it flying from my grasp. A/N: This is only a prologue which sets up some basic background information for the story. Adam Chesterton looked down at the small baby is his arms and felt his heart shatter. The Fields had been sent to Earth as soon as the Omega conspiracy rumors began nearly a year ago. Devin's documentation listed Teresa Fields as his mother and Adam Chesterton as his father. He had prepared special lockets for them that were to be worn at all times and when activated would notify him of any emergency. A binding spell had been placed on his child to prevent the detection of his magical signature. Knowing these things didn't make it any easier to hand his sweet, youngest son over to his friends and former servants, knowing he may not see him again until the uprising was over. The cult of dark mages known as Omega had always been opposed to the good works of the Genesis Council, especially their views concerning the treatment of humans. Despite these laws, many times in the past Omega had attempted to meddle in the human world and affect the political structure to gain power over them. Teaching humans about beneficial medicines, helping the downtrodden, and improvement of the human condition in general was their main goal. The kingdom of Aurora was now under the control of the dark mages of the Omega cult. As future consort to Prince Jayden, Devin was a major target for assassination by the Omega cult. Adam looked down at the sweet, chubby woman in front of him as tears of anguish began to run down his pale cheeks. She nodded her head in assent then reached out her arms again for the precious bundle. Adam looked over Teresa's shoulder to the tall burly man behind her. With a final tearful kiss to Devin's small forehead, Adam turned and walked out the door leaving his youngest in the loving care of the Fields family. Please remeber to leave a review. This isn't going to be too long, and separated into two parts. All he could think of was that he needed to get back to his own territory. The wolf was large. Then he stepped back, sitting down, his tail waving in the air, and his head cocked to the side. Finally, he made it past where he knew the wolf packs territory ended, shifting into his human form as he ran the rest of the way home, not looking back, and missing the blue eyes watching him through the brush. Tah-dah! WARNING: This story's plot is about a male main character falling in love with another male character. The devil sighed, and stretched his long legs over the arm of his throne as the small underling named Muto quivered in fear for imparting this bad news. He appeared not to care about the answer, simply cocked his head, revealing more of his pale, slender throat above the dark cloth of his silk shirt. he said mildly, and, for a moment, Muto was shocked into silence. He asked mildly, picking up a glass of something that looked like red wine from a passing server. He had a point. He stopped as his lord's harsh laugh echoed through the empty chamber, and he swung his legs down from across the side of his throne to better enjoy his mirth. He asked, amusement in his voice, before he looked up to meet Muto's staring, all traces of humor gone from his hated gaze. he said, and it was like Muto had lost all power over his limbs. Franchesca opened her heavy eyes and squinted against the early morning light. Of course she had to wake up, she thought, smiling in delight. Her father was already seated in his usual chair at the head of the dining table finishing the scraps of his breakfast when Franchesca arrived. The red head smiled as she inspected the colorfully wrapped and ribboned box waiting for her at her seat. Her smile wavered when the man responded with a distracted smile. Franchesca smiled at the memory. She knew what he was going to say even before the words left his lips. She doubted that. Moist gray eyes roamed around the spacious room from the luxurious upholstery, grand four poster bed, and a wardrobe and bathroom as big as a whole bedroom. Franchesca reclined on her bed, accepting the comforts of her pillows as she cried silently. It had been the last gift she received from her mother at the age of five. Franchesca jumped from the bed. The news came as a surprise for the brunette in the same manner it surprised her. She laughed at the evident horror reflected in her friend's dark eyes. Franchesca inspected her reflection in the mirror as soon as she changed into the clothes Paige handed her. She hasn't met a person with a kinder heart than the young Miss Ashford. Concerning my super long hiatus, certain things have changed for me since the end of ODAP. Another thing would be that I had and will be having summer classes (it's part of my curriculum, and yes, it sucks), meaning less time for writing for me. About this new story, I'm still very unsure about it, but hopefully it will all come together at some point. It was lunchtime, and Scarlett White was ready to go home. Scarlett was eating lunch at the 'loser's' table, as some liked to call it. Scarlett missed her youth days. Ginny replied, not looking up from her seven hundred page novel about science fiction cloning. Scarlett began to distractedly stare off into space as the memorized cliques flashed into her mind. Scarlett did have a secret that she kept hidden under cover—well, more like under her clothes. Scarlett just wanted to fit in and be liked at school, instead of being mocked by those higher up on the chain. Tristan Cox sat at the Varsity Jocks table at lunch. Tristan realized everyone else at his table—yes, his table—was laughing, so he joined along. But, not Tristan. That was another thing about being popular. Tristan just couldn't wait to get to last period Lab class and be done with this exhausting day. Finally it was the last period of the day, and Scarlett, who always paid attention during class, was daydreaming about the ice cream that she was planning on whipping up as soon as she got home. Anybody but him. NOOOOO! He knew Scarlett was the school's biggest nerd, but what was really wrong with that? Maybe working with Scarlett wouldn't be too bad. So, he would work with Scarlett and be done with it. Tristan turned around to see Alice, the Head Cheerleader. Tristan mumbled. Tristan repeated slowly, hoping that Alice would be able to comprehend it this time,  Not. Scarlett pulled out her rusty car keys to unlock her hand-me-down buggy. Scarlett's mind went blank. Scarlett's eyes narrowed. Tristan seemed reluctant, but he moved; nonetheless, sensing Scarlett's building anger. Tristan watched Scarlett drive out of the parking lot flabbergasted. Tristan pulled out of his reprieve and turned around to see an empty parking lot. During the entire trip to his house, all Tristan could think about was Scarlett and how she had acted towards him. How had he never noticed her before? Scarlett, frustrated beyond belief about the tiny, humiliating events that had just happened, almost forgot where she was going. But, just in time, she turned the wheel of the car right instead of left, which was the direction that home—and that nice, yummy Sundae—was. Ever have something happen in your life that felt so completely right at the time, that you're sure would've remained right, had it lasted? I hate winters. I was running to my oh-so early morning lecture on that dreary, irritating and not to mention, incredibly, painfully, cold winter day about six years ago, after having fallen flat on my ass at only the most crowded street corner outside campus. I flushed at the memory as I breathlessly made it into the lecture hall, discreetly taking a seat at the very back. I had just about reached the halfway point of my fall semester in university as a second-year pre-med student at one of the best universities in the country. I sighed dejectedly and opened my eyes as the shuffling of papers brought me out of my brief reverie. It was the weekend. He lived three hours away from me, which meant that we only got to see each other every other weekend, if we were lucky. My brand new boyfriend, the esteemed and practically famous William Gross was totally worth the trouble, though. I know you're probably thinking,  I admit that it threw me off at the beginning too, because I realized that it meant I'd become Sophia Gross after we got married, or Sophia Fox-Gross, but then I thought,  And he really wouldn't. I threw my arms around him at the bus station, pushing these very important and plaguing thoughts out of my head for the time being. He pressed his lips against mine almost lazily, sending a shiver down my spine. He introduced me to his friends who were outside his house, loading a rented van with enough alcohol and food to last a month. Will wasn't terrific in bed, but then again, neither was I. The first and only other time that I had ever had sex was way back in high school when it was the  thing to do, and I hadn't exactly practiced it since because the whole experience had seemed rather boring to me. I had just finished getting dressed and running a finger through my straight, dark, shoulder-length hair, when there was a knock at the door. He was tall and lean, with skin darkened from what I learned eventually to be from spending hours and hours in the sun, playing tennis, and a somewhat exotic parentage. He broke his gaze, finally, and looked at himself in Will's full-length mirror as he went about fixing his seemingly untamable hair. he said, putting a hand on his pelvic bone,  he finished, pulling his sweater and shirt up high enough to show it to us. It took all of my willpower to keep from laughing, as Will stared incredulously at his friend. Anyway, Alex never did come with us to the cottage that weekend, despite a very solid effort from Will to convince him otherwise. The following month went by very rapidly, with me juggling classes and midterms and my volunteering gig at the hospital during the week, and spending my weekends with Will. We had dinner at a Vietnamese restaurant and I vividly remember feeling extremely bold that night. I had no idea why I chose to tell Alex that. I just laughed and told Will he was being a dork. That was the last weekend that I spent being Will's girlfriend. Back then, Alex was a pre-law student, in the midst of getting a degree in Electrical Engineering (I have no idea why), and like Will, he was a year older than me. Of course, I'm speaking platonically. So when Will confronted me that night about having feelings for Alex, I got very angry. So that was the end of that. I figured that even though the Will era had ended, that the Alex era would remain intact. I became their closest friend in no time at all, the only girl in their group of four boys. They spoke of Alex occasionally, and I couldn't figure out why Alex had severed all contact with me. When Spring Break rolled around, Alex showed up. You must think I'm crazy. His parents were extremely conservative, and I could tell that they didn't like the idea that their son had brought home a girl with him. That week solidified our friendship. One night, after drinking far too much and dancing too close for it to be considered entirely innocent, Alex and I came back to Julian's and fell asleep beside each other. Alex was there to comfort me when Arvin and I fought or when I broke up with whatever guy I was seeing at the time. Their teasing made me think, however, of what it'd be like to maybe be more than friends with him, no matter how absurd it seemed at the time. And I knew for sure when I began to cry when he left after that last weekend that semester. Alex went home for the summer, and he was pretty much imprisoned for the first two months. We began talking about this all the time, which struck me as odd because only girls tend to think about these things, right? Alex told me he loved me on a regular basis. He broke up with Anita a month into summer, and he was completely inconsolable all through June. At the end of June, he convinced me to take a week off from work, and call his parents and charm them into letting me stay. The two of us got wasted that day, and it ended with me puking my guts out with him holding my hair back for me, and then us making out under his blanket. We secretly kissed at every opportunity we got. I was madly in love with Alex. I never really understood why, but he claimed that things would get fucked up if we tried to define things. He managed to get away from the clutches of his parents one weekend and he came down to visit me. I couldn't speak to him on the phone anymore thereafter because he started coaching tennis to little kids, and was always too exhausted to stay on the phone when he got home in the evenings. It took a lot of getting used to, but eventually, I wasn't as upset about not being able to speak to him as often as I used to. That long, arduous summer finally ended, and all my boys were back in town. I couldn't take it anymore, so I flipped out. He called and emailed, trying to get me to talk but I stayed strong. Alex had once told me that he believed I was afraid of commitment like so many others our age. After those hellish weeks, I forced myself to recover and go back to being his friend. His visits became less frequent, but we continued to speak on the phone. Well, not literally. They graduated the year before I did, and I didn't bother to keep in touch with them because it hurt too much when they spoke of Alex. So, you can imagine how I feel now about having him just randomly reappear in my life. A/N: Again, rated for strong language. Short story. Smack. Gloatingly. Pause. Tilts head. "How about this, Courtney? Shove. Sigh. As you might have noticed (at least, I hope you've noticed), I'm kind of…gone. Okay, truthfully, I didn't want to go. Remember what I said, okay? And you were kind of interesting, too, much as it kills me to say this. So…I'm leaving you a goodbye. Pause. (A/N: Just so you know, I am not English, nor American, therefore, my first language is not English and it is Portuguese, a language completely different from English, so please, forgive me about some really bad (and stupid) mistakes that may appear in this chapter and/or in the next ones. Well, who wouldn't? Alana knew that being the new student, especially in college, where gossips and rumours were taken to a whole other level, was hard, but not this hard. However, she had to keep her fiery temper under control. She combed her slightly untamed hair, which was this copper colour that had forced her to listen to plenty of redhead jokes. The instant she stepped out, all eyes were on her. She found a way out through the maze that building was, but was brought to a halt when she was outside. Alana's green eyes roved through the area that surrounded her, and came to a conclusion in a matter of seconds - that open area was just too green for her, or maybe it was just her grim mood winning her over. Grinning at them, Alana waited for a reaction. The red haired grumbled, shaking her head. One of them had a fair skin like Alana, but the rest was completely different. And so Alana sat beside Patty, the girl with the blonde highlights. Alana told them, recalling every time she'd walked down the hall and had people whispering about her, without even hiding it. The shorter one, named Ryan, had thick black hair and this sensual stubble bear, which stood out against his fair skin colour. Roxy said, looking straight at Ryan. Alana advanced to the blond one, who had plain blue eyes. Patty sighed, looking at the attractive blond with dreamy eyes. Last but not least, Sean was the tallest and even though he wasn't the most handsome, he was somehow. Roxy told her,  Well, that was evident. Alana stated, looking back at Roxy for some seconds. Probably, but only if girls let them so, right? Alana said bluntly. That wasn't entirely a lie, but Alana couldn't help but to smirk. Out of the blue, Alana became aware the three amigos were right in front of her. Vince simply smiled at them, and Sean had his arms folded over his chest, staring at the playfield where he'd played a while ago. However, the moment she spoke, Sean looked back at the group. Ryan and Vince traded looks and chuckled. Automatically, Alana's leg went flying towards him, but Sean quickly reacted and grabbed her before she could kick him. She wasn't afraid to fight against Sean, or to show those girls what a bitch she could. Maybe, but parties always meant oodles of people would be there, which would undeniably lead to more gossips and whispers about her, no matter what she did or for how long she hung about. Alana really hoped it'd be that fun, because she needed to get her mind off this whole gossips' thing. Frankly, it would be a nice way to entertain and distract herself indeed. Anyway, I must admit I needed to write something different from Welcome to Heartbreak – less emotionally-draining, you know? Well. reduced to acting like a kindergartener. on my family, my friends. as soon as I saw him, did you catch a look at that boy? memorised my number. but. him. Her: You're very frustrating, you know that? Her: W-well . Him: Why is that? Her: Stop smirking like that. Him: . Her: And we're back to this again. Him: I find it honestly amusing that you get great marks in class, but when it comes to relationships . Her: Heh . Her: I'm cautious, okay? Him: Hah . Him: It's something small . I am taking this story down both because of plagiarism problems and for copyright issues. Ok, ok. Her hair seems to shine in the sunlight. She pushes some of her blonde hair away from her face and sighs deeply. She grabs a nearby shirt that's on the floor, maybe it's hers, maybe it's mine. Jessica Peterson, preppy bitch # 4 in this class turns around and rolls her eyes at me with a look of disgust. He drags on with more details, I don't listen because I don't even consider going on it. The bell for last hour rings, and I sigh in relief. I see her, standing by her locker, talking to that jocky boyfriend of hers. A few seconds of silence pass, and the bell rings. She goes to say something, I can tell by the look in her eyes, but she turns again and descends down the hall towards class. Chew on my pen. Jessica sighs, relieved and stands up. Well, thats the end of the first chapter. Benry's gray eyes scanned around the lot full of people. Andrew chuckled, always finding when Benry got in trouble a little funny. she gave a playful glare making him chuckle. She had jet black hair that trickled down to just the mid of her back. When she was born; she had a small defect that left her vision terrible in just that eye and she had the smallest black dot you couldn't miss. Taylor flipped herself from Andrew's arms. she shuffled the papers in her hand and handed them over, offering a hand and helping her up. Benry watching the dark haired brunette disappear down the hall with his best friend. he grumbled, racking his brain with what to do to get the info he wanted. she slammed her head into the back of the chalk board, closing her eyes and breathing in deep. Jackpot. Author's note: This is my first story for this site, and I keep running into issues that I didn't expect when I decided to post this, so PLEASE forgive any horrible errors for this chapter. A better summary: Rylan Shay has been to hell and back when it comes to relationships, and he's got the scars to prove it. Someone had left a door open, most likely attempting to at least try to cool the backstage area down. I jumped, seeing a man with a headset on, hand on my shoulder and staring at me to make sure I got the message. I said as I draped my arm around his shoulder and kissed his cheek. I asked knowingly. Shane laughed. I ignored him as I made my way behind the stage and to the other side. Unfortunately for me, all my problems had already happened. I winced as I thought of Asher. The summer after my junior year, I started a band with Shane and Hale. A month after Martin had quit things hadn't changed much. We had been eighteen at the time when we walked into the recording studio. I finally reached the opposite side of the stage and stood by Asher. As I looked at Asher, I realized just how different we were. In contrast, Asher and I are physically polar opposites. I laughed, before giving him a quick, one-armed hug before getting ready to go onto the stage. Asher and I waited until Shane and Hale had made it onto the stage in front of the screaming fans, before making our own way out there. I asked, and the audience cheered once again. Song after song I stared out at the crowd, trying to connect with the kids staring up at me. I asked. By now, anyone who knew us knew exactly what song I was talking about. I can hear it in your screams;The pain is increasing. I was surprised that it sounded like the whole audience was singing with me. When the song was over, I rushed off the stage to change before heading to the area where I could meet the fans. Just before it was time to head back to the bus, I went to one last group of fans. The kids all gave me sympathetic looks. I replied, before heading towards the bus. I suddenly found my shoes very interesting. I whipped around at the sound of a strong, masculine voice behind me. I didn't move until we got to the hotel, and even then, I didn't move. he said, holding a hand out to me to help me up. Asher replied gruffly. How am I feeling? The once incandescently beautiful bitch by the side of my bed takes my hand, spittle growing at the edge of her surgically weathered mouth and forming into a violently shaking white globule, a thin salmon tongue catching the discharge before it drips down her sullen face and I want to hurl. The stale stench of whisky and cigarettes curls from out of her mouth, past strands of dirty grey hair, and chokes me till the acid in my stomach stains the back of my oesophagus. I see his body next to hers, one arm wrapped around the bony shoulders that ache for a hearty meal. My fingers twist in a piece of thread from the arm of the sofa, pulling until the raised lump of skin goes hard and turns bright crimson, the taught skin beneath the navy string turning pale. I want to tell her I'm doing well because there's nothing to fix. She pops her finger back into its socket as she wrings together her palms. I hear him murmur, as though I've lost the ability to hear. My mother is a joke. I drench my burning throat with cold water, attempting to disguise the humiliation as I sit back down. And they say I'm schizophrenic. KOHLHe wore eyeliner. This was it. MJ created a list of people in different social groups for Adrienne to interview, giving her their names after she finished with the last. So she sucked up all the shit they tried to give her and gritted her teeth. His notorious reputation was known throughout the county like Adrienne Cowan's perfect one. she asked hesitantly gesturing to the stairs. It was a warning. Damnit, she had more pride than that! Adrienne hardly noticed the mood grow somber. He looked at her, but only for a millisecond. he said mysteriously. Adrienne had been about to protest, but then figured out this could get fun both ways. Adrienne knew most of the guys in Carlos' circle. She knew none of the stuff she'll say will ever get out into the open. Lloyd Andrews was no one to any of them, but he did spark interest. She didn't mind sharing that. She knew Carlos would never hurt Briars or de Carb. That got Adrienne thinking. she said. Adrienne new she was in trouble. Adrienne rummaged in her brain for a worthy secret. From where she was, Adrienne could hear that he was fed up with this whole conversation. She wasn't about to do anything rash for his 'secret', but all the same, she was curious. Adrienne let her jaw drop as around her, the guys hooted like overzealous owls high on stimulants. She saw surprise in Carlos' eyes as she headed towards him, but a smug smirk replaced that expression soon. Adrienne grabbed the neck of his shirt and pulled him closely to her. The kiss made her feel like the world ended around her and only Carlos and her existed. She started to pull away but Carlos felt her so he wrapped his hand on her waist and on the back of her head. Yet, before reason could protest, his tongue entered her mouth. Adrienne pulled away minutes later. Kohl. Well, that was something sweet that has been rotting in my hard disk for quite some time now. When Stephen had finally come, it had been to announce that he had met and fallen in love with a woman, and that he had asked her to marry him and she had agreed. What followed was hell on its more pure form. The final bow had come during one of the few times he had agreed to take her to London with him. She had thought she would die soon, bad health, broken heart and all. Nearly two years went by without sight or news of other than on the occasional social gazette that made its way all the way to the country. My lady, come quickly. author's note: 'member when i said i was going to go back and fix mistakes on this story? I muttered, answering his question. I would have laughed aloud if I didn't realize he was serious. Anthony Andrews. Well, I could not really think of one. he asked as he fingered the textbook he had picked up. I muttered before turning to him sharply. He gave me a deadpanned look before he suddenly reached over . He grinned as he lowered his face just inches over mine. He chuckled, his forehead touching mine. I gasped dramatically. I told him, smirking. I found myself landing in his arms. I poked my food and I frowned, peering at it. She looked at it blankly. I looked at her before laughing. Wow, what an imagination. she hissed, her voice panicked. Ah. I mean seriously, I knew he liked baggy clothing but that was just too much. He looked at me as if I was crazy (which I probably am but I won't succumb into peer pressure) before rolling his eyes and picked his pants up. He dropped his scowl as his eyes softened. I couldn't stop myself when my jaw dropped. He laughed as he hugged me back just as tightly. I said causing him to laugh. he said before I felt a hand ruffling my hair. I chortled when he exaggerated a wink and walked away. She continued to stare at me. I stared at her impassively. I asked before laughing slightly. It wasn't as if she was the first one whom I received that reaction from. I swallowed. . I waited until my classmates left the classroom before I got up. Erm, truth is I don't really want to go home . Mrs. Baylee beamed. Anthony had basketball practise right now (or was it soccer? I pushed the doors open to the gymnasium and my eyes instantly landed on players in their gym clothes instantly whizzing past me to get the orange bouncing ball. I wrinkled my nose when an unpleasant small hit my nose and I reeled back slightly. I looked up and saw Anthony with his basketball shorts and wife beaters on, soaking in sweat. His eyes twinkled and I suddenly found him in front of me. I screamed, pushing him back. a voice boomed across the gym. I barely hid my laughter when Anthony suddenly pulled me close to him. Suddenly, he put his hand on my waist and made me put my hand on his shoulder before we started to dance. I suddenly heard. I glared at Anthony as we both began to head to the field. He waggled his eyebrows at me suggestively as we back to job on the track. I said right before I pushed him and started picking my pace up. He laughed with me as I rolled onto my own back right beside him. There was somewhat of a pause before realization dawned on him. I waited for him to elaborate, but when he didn't, I nudged him slightly. He lifted his head and glared at me. Okay. My glare deepened. I said, my voice sharp. I've only told him about a million times. We stayed in silence, neither one of us saying anything. Anthony said lowly, breaking the silence. He turned to his side and I felt his eyes on me. I teased, giving him a playful grin. Nervous, Yet? But hadn't I known this was going to happen? Nine years of being attached at the hip after the incident in third grade had sealed our fates; we were best friends first and foremost. The ride to the hospital was a bonding experience for us, I always thought, giving us the opportunity to marvel at all of the many gadgets inside the ambulance. From then on, Michael took it upon himself to look after me, always asking about my headaches and wondering out loud about whether or not stitches itched as much as they said. During middle school orientation was when I first started to notice that Michael was, indeed, a boy. Now, five years after those words were spoken, I still found myself trying to make them true. I swear my heart skipped a beat when Michael's spin landed on me. Someone clapped his hand on Michael's shoulder, and even from where I sat, I could see the excitement radiating off of those around us. I tried not to reveal my silent shudder. I extremely enjoyed the look on his face as he closed his eyes and steadied his irregular breathing. I said, honestly. Michael joked. My eyes shot open to find him watching me, the people around us forgotten. Before they could respond, I felt my face being pulled towards Michael as he slammed his lips against mine. I put all my energy into kissing him back, shoving my lips against his in what was sure to leave bruises on us both. When I felt his lips moving against mine, all of my apprehensions floated out of the metaphorical window. I opened my mouth to him, letting us fully explore each other. I stated simply. I gasped. Michael breathed heavily, his breath mixing with mine as our foreheads rested against each other. My eyes are watering now, and I look to the floor. It's stupid of me really. Drama wasn't my thing. His staring intensified, and he blinked twice. I looked at him one last time. Not bothering to even say goodbye, I turned around and started walking away. Love was ugly, that was for sure. Whatever happened to simplicity? I moved towards the side, and after taking a few deep breaths, he went in. He turned to me and started pointing at me. Nothing? Two years ago, I had gotten a job at this up and coming corporation, a pretty decent business that involved the latest computer software and whatnot. So one day, I was in the cafeteria, eating by myself in the company's cafeteria in the corner. Of course, when finding out he was my boss, it sort of made me embarrassed and ashamed of myself for being so petty over the cake. It was all gradual of course. But one day, his fiancé left hi and he started to throw himself into his work. Our relationship changed after that. I told him to get over himself and that if anything I was his friend. I found out that his father was still emotionally unavailable; he had a deep love for chocolate and cake, and an even more intense love for chocolate cake; he was afraid of spiders; he loved his nanny and still sees her from time to time; he was ambitious and can be petty over little things. In turn, I told him about me. Eventually our conversations took place outside of work. Everything was great until one day he finally decided to go on a date (his father wanted him to move on already after a year of waiting). I kept it in though. Despite the dating, he always had time for me. Of course, the ache in my heart came from time to time. The awkwardness and intense eye conversation they were having were the obvious clues that told me I should leave. They had talked that night. He listened. I was pretending I was fine. One day he asked me to hang out with him at his place. I was outside his apartment, about to ring the bell when suddenly the door opened and she stepped out. It was then that I snapped. And my heart literally dropped and I found myself tearing up. And you sure as hell know what a happy ending should be like. I don't precisely remember the moment when my panties had ended up in his possession. I did my own little scowling face but said nothing. I don't know why but I felt a blush creep up on my face. With that he bundled his clothes into the machine then stepped back, looked at me and waited for me to do the same. I was standing behind one of the walls with the glow-in-the-dark graffiti on it, gripping my laser gun like it was the key to my survival. Psh, yeah right. I could hear people running around, occasionally yelling out that they'd been shot. By the sound of things, the yellow team wasn't going very well, but that might've just been because all the other teams went down quietly. It seemed like a pretty good plan, so I cautiously stuck my head out, then followed with my body when I saw the coast was clear. Anyway, that officially scared me back into my corner for the rest of the game. I almost fell over in hysterics when I saw Ingrid Riley covered in war paint. I took aim at her back and pulled the trigger, retreating quickly behind the wall and listening to the sweet sound of her surprise. She was the first to go, which I knew would really piss her off, especially since she was trying to impress Colonel Moran. That constipated look on his face? But it's a lie! He snorted and shook his head. He shrugged and looked away. Ryan winced visibly. Ryan scowled. I scowled, remembering when I'd gone over to his house to apologise for insulting his soccer skills. I was too surprised to even scoff at that. I cleared my throat and fiddled with my laser gun, not daring to look into Ryan's face. I peeked up at Ryan and his mouth was hanging open, like he couldn't quite believe what he'd just heard. Ryan closed his mouth and opted to raise his eyebrows dubiously instead. He hesitated a bit, then turned and left. And then the rest of the people in my year walked past on their way out and said things along the same lines. I groaned and put my head in my hands, not really looking forward to what came next. I wandered around cautiously, feeling vulnerable and scared that Zach might jump out at any moment. I took a deep breath and scrunched my eyes shut. Truth was, I was still kind of mad about what he'd said. I suddenly heard a noise; a small noise, like feet shuffling. I said again. He was sitting on the ground, his gun aimed at me, waiting for my lights to come back on so he could shoot me and end the game. I felt stupid in my Laser Tag gear, being scrutinised by Zach Benson. I wasn't quite ready to say sorry just yet, so I hesitated. Apparently I wasn't lucky today, because he didn't grunt. I felt awkward, sitting next to him in silence with nothing to say. On a whim, I turned and shot him. We sat in silence again. Our knees accidentally touched and he flinched away, like I was a piece of filth plagued with disease. He didn't know I'd gone home and cried. Besides, it was a violation of trust. But there were times when I liked his honesty; it made things so much simpler. Zach, to his credit, didn't even flinch. I had let Zach eat my recess cookies for a whole week. And then suddenly I was having flashbacks, remembering all the times we'd hung out: when we were nine and Zach made his parents take me in until I could find new foster parents. When we were fifteen and he forgot my birthday. I remembered the lead up to the year ten formal and we were fighting about something stupid, and guys kept asking me to go with them but for some reason I only wanted to go with Zach. He'd smirked at me and shrugged and said,  I shrugged. He sat on the couch with some other guys the entire night because he refused to dance or do anything else sappy. And then we stood awkwardly at my door, silence ensuing. I said softly, breaking the tense silence cautiously. No answer. I felt him tense beside me. I resented that I was the one who had to do all the talking. He growled, his hand tight over my mouth. He took his hand away slowly, his stare still fixed firmly on me. I think I might have blushed a little. Zach laughed, helping me up. He laughed lightly and spun me around to face him, holding me by the waist gently. I stood there in the grassy field. Then a moment passed and he was in front of me. There I said it. His lips curved into a smile. He replied. At the moment, I've never felt so ecstatic in my whole life. A light object hit me which snapped me from my daydream. The bell rang and I was glad. By now, a red head girl with long legs stood at Liz's side. We walked in the hallway filled with students. As we walked, almost everyone stared at my friend Jillian. At the end of the hallway, I could see Nate. Jillian elbowed me in the ribs. When he was near us he said  and flashed a smile. When I was new to South Crest High, I was a little lost. It was last period and I had asked permission to go to the bathroom. I walked in the hallway as quietly as possible. I stared at the locker in front of me. That night I tossed and turned at my bed. I awoke feeling tired due to the fact that I had little sleep. I felt excited. He wore the standard boys' uniform, only his tie was a dishevelled. I noticed he was staring at me and his gaze was penetrating. New A/N: I went back and (finally) fixed the mistakes in past chapters. My mom had just gotten remarried to this Chuck guy. My parents got a divorce when I was a mere two years old and Kara was four. The my mom met Chuck Roethlis. Then my mom invited Chuck and Bradley over for dinner. Bradley was very, very tall, taller than his dad at 6'2. See, Kara had this bright, platinum blonde hair that reached the middle of her back. I guess I looked like Mom and Kara. The dinner that night was. For the next month, I was forced to work with my mom, Kara, and my soon to grandmother-in-law to plan the wedding. The wedding wasn't a total disaster, surprisingly, considering I was involved and all. See how much trouble he causes? Somehow, I got stuck taking my mom and Chuck to the airport the day after their wedding so they could leave to Hawaii. I was drawing a blank. Tristain finished for me. Near the end of the party (midnight), I was obviously not going to clean the house. By two thirty, most people had gone, unless they were all ready passed out or were just hanging around. After everyone had been taken care of, I sulked down the hall towards my room. Nova watched the sun rise over the mountains, breathing in the crisp morning air, trying to relax her mind before heading back to her pack. A few of the pack members greeted her upon her arrival, but seemed disappointed in the lack of food in her arms. Chitsa gushed about their friends. The sun was almost overhead, meaning Nova's father would be home soon. A racket was heard outside and frantic yells drew Nova's mother outside of the den to inspect the problem. her father called anxiously, standing at the edge of the entrance of the den. Nova threw on her cloak and scampered after her family. A loud sob broke free from her chest, shaking her whole body. A scent drifted to her nostrils. the raspy voice called to her. The unfamiliar man pulled her by the rope, making her gag and choke when she tried to pull back. he growled. the mysterious Andre answered. The other man, Andre, was tidier. Bayard grunted as he stooped to nudge her up to her feet. Small fires were dotted around the forest and Nova could hear men calling to one another for help or asking for food. Bayard bellowed, making Nova's ears go flat against her head at the sudden racket from the man. he cooed down at Nova. Bayard grumbled as Coty reached for her. They went through the bushes and ended up in a clearing that was occupied with the young ladies and teenage girls from her pack. The ropes kept them close together and constantly moving if the girls didn't want to get stepped on. Andre hollered over the noise everyone was making and cracked a stick down on a female wolf that was in his reach. Nova's paws were cut and bleeding from running all day and her throat was dry from lack of water. They traveled for three days, never stopping until night and only getting feed right before they were to rest for the night. During the three days, Nova had spotted other groups from her pack tied like the rest of them. The dull scenery changed drastically and Nova stumbled after the sudden change. Andre stepped out of some woman's arms and started calling for several women that were standing at the edge of the welcoming party. Nova's group was shepherd away from the others and was lead back towards the water but, took a different trail. The three women weaved through the group, untying and taking the muzzling device off of them. Each lady received a thin dress for them to wear but, some got white and others got yellow. The welcome party for their captors had been moved into a giant cave with a fire in the middle to warm them. After Nova ate her fill she nestled down on her fur and sniffed it curiously. Nova hid her face in the furs under her so she wouldn't show her terror stricken expression. Men that were unlike the ones that had kept them captured over the last few days stood waiting for Bayard and them. Bayard said greasily, waving his hand grandly at the line of girls. one laughed, stepping away from the group and began to scrutinize them. he chuckled. Nova realized with a jolt what was happening. Nova locked eyes with Chitsa once more before she was pulled into the cave with her buyer. The next day the same thing happened again. On the seventh day the three women that had taken them to the hot springs came back and made them bathe again and gave them fresh clothes. Nova found a place in the middle of line and followed Chitsa's sister outside. the largest man asked Andre, stepping forward. He pulled Nova out of line and lifted her chin so she would look at him. His scent wafted up her nose and her eyes fluttered at such a heavenly smell. he stated before picking Nova up and cradling her in his huge arms. Nova sat dumbly in the man's arms as the men finished selecting their own mates. The first thing that you simply must understand is that my Nana is evil. Well, just to tick my Nana off, I will wear a pair of neon colored skinny jeans. Oh, that is it! I don't need to look up to see my family's reactions. Dad's face is turning this kind of purple prune-ish color. Mom can't help but grin like she just won the lottery. I sigh and push away from the lawn set, hitting my mother's high-five under the table as I pass. So yeah, that's me, Kaelyn. When I finally make it to the front door of my house, I blow at the piece of blonde hair that falls into my face. It wasn't my fault that my Nana hated me. I twist the glass doorknob and enter… my new house. I step into my room and close the door, drooping against it. Flinging my body onto the queen sized bed, I gaze skyward at the poster-covered ceiling. A squeaking canine voice barked from the floor. When I enter the bathroom, my mirror greets me. My grandpa told me when I was younger that to find happiness, you had to like the person in the mirror. Hi everyone! This book is published as Awaken, Book 1 of The Dark Paradise Trilogy. There's something wicked happening in Onyx City. He knew the moment she arrived in Onyx. In fact, she didn't know anything. Strolling over to her, his eyes took in her sleeping form. Her lips were full. Though he knew it was dangerous if she caught him standing there, he stayed until her eyes snapped open so he could see the color, a stormy grey. Before she could make him out, decipher the reality of his presence, he was gone. Be an Online Tutor Today! I sigh and I clicked off my college school website and fell back on my bed. "Girl please, you are getting too worked up. That left me with a small smile. You won't be able too. I shook my head and cried quietly. I rolled my eyes at the commercials for the late night news and new up and coming sitcoms. I snuggled back on my brown soft love seat and angled the T.V dinner tray between me and the TV. I smashed head first into the soft mattress and crawled towards the cool pillow. I sat up on the bed and stretched out towards the desk and grabbed the laptop. I filled out the application, attached my resume, a cover letter and a recent picture of me dress in formal attire. Genre: Romance. Summary: Adelaide Ryan: her pack's weakest link. Adelaide Ryan was only four years old when she was taken by the humans. They ignored her cries. She didn't want to be like them. But she didn't get to go home. Time dragged on. Everything after that felt like dying. The small wolf was covered in black fur and not much older than she was. Her pack wasn't coming for her. But, as always, the humans were the only ones to hear her. More yelling, crying, the pounding footfalls of running…of fleeing. The young black werecub came barreling down the stairs towards Adelaide so fast, he looked like a tiny dark blur. The boy hadn't come alone. She whimpered when the woman reached for her, but the woman didn't hurt her, merely snapped the chains that had held her captive for so long. But what was safe? The Jaguars taught the small group of humans all about wolves. In truth, it was the Jaguars that were the abominations. The Greywood's could keep their territory and standing as a pack: so long as Rapheal Greywood presented as an Alpha when he reached maturity. At first, David and Trina borrowed the McCormick pack's physician to check Adelaide for any sustained injuries. They sent the physician away after she freaked out, but she couldn't stand them, regardless. The memory of her captivity seemed less real by the day. David and Trina gave her toys, a bed, a pretty pink room fit for a princess. Trina tried shifting. The boy would yip, little barks for her to come out and play, but she wouldn't leave her blanket fortress. Eventually he tried to crawl under the bed with her, black tail wagging cautiously. That wasn't right, she thought. Immediately he tucked in beside Adelaide, his howls turning to happy rumbles. Encouraged, the boy switched to rubbing his muzzle along her neck and over her hair. She wanted the boy to be her Alpha. She wrapped her arms around the boy, her alpha, her pack, cuddling into his fur the way she used to cuddle into her momma's, and finally, finally, she fell into a deep dreamless sleep. And then the day arrived when a little girl appeared outside her door. Addi growled in response. Addi's growling grew more frenzied. Shaking from the ordeal, Addi burrowed deeper into her den of blankets. Adelaide knew this because the man walked into the room, stony faced, and for once he didn't try and talk to Addi. Addi cried out for the boy, over and over. He still smelled like safe, and pack, and alpha, but he looked human and all Adelaide knew was betrayal. Julian Chevalier is in the shop and I'm wearing my  chicken hat again. But it just so happens I only seem to see this boy in the DVD store…well, apart from school. A jerk. But come on, the guy's borrowed it out every week since he moved to our town from Melbourne. Well, not that, you know, I care all that much. Someone clears their throat, and I look around before my eyes settle on the spot before the romance aisle. I blink, biting my lip and wondering what on earth he's meaning with that . I mean, the guy has borrowed The Notebook a few too many times to be considered natural. Charles Paine. I hold my hand to my heart and I can feel it beating fast as I watch his curly brown head disappear down the street. Okay, so I looked what I think he said sounded like up, and what he said is not exactly complimentary. I find myself staring at the definitions again, bemused. I start, racking my brains for something, anything to talk about that will make this less awkward. he nods, tapping the DVD against the bench some more and making me want to scream. I pick it up and go to scan it, but then I sigh and look at him, wanting his chocolate eyes to twinkle again. I scold him, reaching out to pat him on the shoulder when he glares and me and smacks my hand away. And then pointing at me. I glare at him and he smiles again, grabbing his little sister's hand and beginning to drag her out of the shop with him. The store is silent, and I watch Julian's back, his shoulders going up and down as he breathes heavily, barely seeming to be able to contain his frustration. I don't say anything. I don't answer him. My first thought is cooking, like he's going to cook me a meal – but a second later when his lips latch onto mine and he's pulled me up into his arms, I know better. YOU LIIKKEE? Minerva Williams adjusted the white button down shirt that had ridden up her stomach when she had combed her shoulder length hair. She glanced out the window. A small breeze picked up, bringing the salty ocean air into her room. Minerva examined her. Their personality traits were on completely different ends of the personality spectrum. So that's what the smell is. Yasmin reached for the remote control and pressed the 'on' button with a manicured finger. From five stories above the pavement, Mia Sherton watched the streets below in silence. She exhaled and a tiny white puff appeared for milliseconds before mixing with the rest of the freezing air in the room. After she had put the down jacket on, she felt no warmer. She heard a 'clang' as the bunch of keys fell to the ground, and the soft hiss of  of her roommate's voice. Rebecca sighed, stepping inside and closing the door behind her. God, it was cold in here. Yes, Rebecca knew that the electricity was cut. Mia's face paled as she read the bold words eviction notice. Mia took the time to scan their living room despairingly. Rebecca said firmly. Rebecca stood up and walked away. Mia said in confusion, looking at it. She squinted at the ad, picking it up. Rebecca said exasperatedly, sounding as if this was obvious. The Lawrence building was large and modern. She sighed and pulled her coat a little tighter around her body, wondering for the millionth time how something like this could possibly work. Her boots carried in hints of dirtied snow, ruining the polished marble tiles. Mia examined the different floors on the building and couldn't make heads or tails of which one she was supposed to go to. she tried, stepping towards him. a voice suddenly told her. he grinned. A set of elevator doors opened for her and she stepped in. She arrived on the tenth floor quickly. The tenth floor was a world of cubicles and ringing telephones. Mia watched the phenomenon for a few moments before she saw the reception desk that she had somehow miraculously missed at first glance. the woman told her, pointing and never even looking up from her appointment book. It turned out that she never even needed to take a right. Mia bit back a laugh and looked down at her own resume. The long line moved surprisingly fast. she introduced, stretching her lips into a wide smile. Of course, Mia signaled. You don't know sign language, do you? Mia grinned, opening the door. Summary: Sequel to 30 Days. Blue, endless blue, as far as the eye could see, presented a splendid panorama so picturesque that my breath caught. I snuggled deeper within the satin sheets and inhaled the subtle signatures of suntan lotion, jasmine vanilla, sandalwood and frangipani; each scent anchored to a certain memory, my face warming at some. The bed shifted as a familiar weight sank closer to my side, an arm sliding around my waist a second later. Every customer looked my way as I stepped on the black and white tile. I said, tempted to collapse into the chair behind me. I replied to her retreating back. I muttered to myself, grabbing my notepad and pen before adjusting my nametag. she commented in her flat voice. I muttered, taking the basket of nachos from him. I stole a glance over at the booth where they sat. My eyes left the two men to travel around the diner. Tim said. The last syllable barely left his mouth when I walked off, not even bothering with my usual waitress spiel of Will that be all? Someone tall and dark-haired came out of nowhere and barreled right into me, flipping the tray from my hand and the drinks on my outfit. I stood still, trying to absorb more than just the liquid seeping into my clothing. On any other day I would have accepted this hit-and-run as another one of life's little gems and silently cleaned up the mess. The sound of an engine sprang to life, cutting off my question. A sharp rev of the engine cut me off again as we reached the exit of the parking lot. I proceeded to let out a cross between a groan and a howl, squeezing my eyes shut, willing this whole scenario to disappear. he said, the way a psychiatrist would instruct a hyperventilating patient. Finally a break in the traffic arrived. I followed him with my eyes this time. Not surprisingly, I was correct. I replied in a carefully crafted tone. Tim agreed, and I could feel his eyes on my back as I knelt down to sweep the glass shards into the dustpan. I laughed a little. My left eyebrow raised, involuntarily. I nodded, standing up to dump the broken glass into the garbage. Authors note: New story. I didn't ask for my new life. I'm shy. In every city, I never fit in. So here I am riding in my families cramped SUV, just waiting for my new life. My hip was currently shoving the wood drawer to my newly finished dresser as my eyes rolled. I murmured lowly as I began to put my room in order. It was a willow tree, looking rather ancient and depressed. Oh hell. I just nodded, looking at the steaming pastry before I turned to gaze at its makers. The couple shook their heads simultaneously as their grins grew even larger. My mother laughed at this disturbing statement as I tried my best not to barf into the tart. I muttered,  I then pushed the food I had been holding for a good five minutes into his hands and walked back up the stairs. I hurriedly made it back to my bedroom. My mother slapped my step-brother who was sitting in the back seat with her rough, callused hand as our car slowly approached the large high school campus. My mother just shook her head, wiping strands of her dark brown hair off of her sweaty forehead. I knew better than to continue the disagreement. As I pushed some of my waist length hair out of my face, I could already hear people's snickers. His hand felt like an ice shard, plunging into my pale skin. I could hear him say to his pals as he paced up the school's marble stairs. I quickly closed my new yet decrepit looking locker as I turned to the figure with the deep, inviting voice. He was a pretty sort of boy. Leon then decided to break out in laughter while pointing at me. And then, the dreaded happened. So there I was, just standing, clutching onto my books so hard my knuckles almost bled. It was a dirty blonde haired boy with a conniving grin. Finally, I arrived with him and his friends to a gray colored door. The voice I heard sounded new. I don't know what  they were referring to. he asked. I didn't even nod this time. I was the crazy boy of my school. Don't get me wrong though, I liked it that way. Counsellor: Tell me. Counsellor: (long pause) Tell me. Counsellor: Really. A few weeks later I found myself stepping into the brightly light office of my new therapist. I sort of half smiled, which makes me look like I have a facial twitch. I sat down on the far side of the dark blue couch. Over the next few sessions Julie ended up telling me quite a bit about her family. I was surprised she was showing me where she lived. We got a little closer and I could see Kynan standing at the big front windows looking out. Julie was telling me about some random physiological study so she didn't notice. her fellow grad students were right – too much studying did make you go crazy. A/N: A fuller, more satisfying summary of more than 250 letters for this story: Lillian Harwick, a young woman no different from any other, lives in an apartment in town. One of this story's many sources of inspiration is from the trip to Scotland I went on around Halloween last year. Right, enough rambling, and on with the show! I made my way along the pavement with my hands in the deep pockets of my long black coat, face turned to the ground. 'Sorry. No, I was most certainly not OK. 'Er. Was that a look of weariness in his eyes? 'Aye, that's me,' he affirmed crisply with a brief, emotionless smile, deepening those beautiful dimples and giving me another heart-stopping taste of his lovely accent. 'Oh - yes. He would certainly not give me a second thought, and yet I knew I would remember this moment for the rest of my life. The more I thought of him, though, the more my mind burned. I remembered the way he had excused himself, the way he had walked away from me briskly as if I was simply another pestering fan. I dropped my bag on the floor and discarded my coat, trudging wearily in my socks to the kitchen. With glazed eyes I watched the rivulets of rainwater running down the windowpane, unable to stop myself from thinking of Connor MacGowan. Once my tea was steaming in the lime-green mug, I took it over into the living room, where I sank into the sofa. No way. I glared at the slow close-up of his handsome face, suddenly enraged. I ran a hand irritably through my hair. Actors, I thought with bitter derision. I turned off the TV right in the middle of a soppy moment between Connor's character and the other actress's, and went off to read instead. 'Listen - you know that guy. 'Oh, him! 'I met him. 'Jesus, Lilly - how did you get so lucky? 'No. 'What? 'Paper? 'I didn't actually get to talk to him much, Kate,' I explained. 'Damn whatever he had to do! 'At least you did meet him. 'I suppose, yeah,' I replied absently. 'OK, then Lilly,' answered Kate. 'Bye,' I said, then hung up, giving a sigh. I put the phone back and then looked idly out of the window. A/N: Review? I opened my eyes and looked around my room. My dad insisted on driving me to school every morning although it was only four blocks away. After my mum left it was quiet again. I reached Madison High school. . Jack was the popular guy in school and the captain of the football team. . Gypsie and i had been friends since we where in our diapers. . My parents left after a while with the usual warning and all. You've heard of being 'raised by wolves'? Hi, I'm Alexandra Sanders, better known as Alex—or, sometimes, Pup. First off; Kevin, he's the eldest. Devon; born four minutes and thirteen seconds after Kevin. Michael. Lastly, Aaron; precisely ten minutes younger than Michael. So, quick review, my brothers are 'The Pack', and I'm Pup. We never speak of it, however, because, like it or not, I still blame myself for her death. The four of them raised me while Aunt Genevieve did her best to support us; and they still are. Author's Note: This is a reposting of the original story. I looked at my brother, who I hadn't spoken to in the past two hours it took to get here. Before leaving the car, I took a few deep breaths to calm myself and to make the sting in my eyes disappear. Sucking in another couple of calming breaths, I left the car and let my tanned skin touch the sunlight. A Jeep pulling into the driveway of the house to the left brought my attention to it as loud, pumping music and raucous laughter filled the atmosphere. He was the one that stuck out to me. I groaned when I heard the loud chirpy sound of Alexis Harper's voice and reluctantly tore my eyes away from the guy to look in her direction. Without meaning to, I glanced in the direction of the guy. It was actually much more spacious than it looked from the outside. My room was nice, I admitted to myself with a sigh. I said. There was a loud rap on my bedroom door and I called to the person,  knowing exactly who was on the other side. I asked worriedly. I took all of this in and swallowed up my hate for Alexis for now. His eyebrows rose. I looked up at him. I muttered. My brother disagreed with me. Alexis cooed, pushing herself against my brother and shooting him a smile. I mumbled under my breath. I said quietly, as Jayden stuck out his hand. Seth called, and I could hear his footsteps behind me. They nodded and shook hands with Seth, who was still wary. My heart rate went up. Jayden said slowly, arching an eyebrow as I died of embarrassment. I looked at the ground. I congratulated myself on my persuasion skills and went to my room as Seth went to find his fiance. I hate to be one of those authors that begs for reviews, but they are massively important to me! He had been staring at the ceiling for over five hours and his mind had yet to take a detour from thinking about his girlfriend. He sighed, frustrated now more than ever with himself. He shook his head. Still, even after three years, the feelings he had for his girlfriend was still growing strong. This question again. As his best friend, she knew he was telling the truth. What he was picking up was his car keys, but he didn't tell her that. he muttered. Their conversation went back and forth for a few more minutes of insisting who was the one in the wrong. She was standing before the window in front of a fireplace. He said to his best friend. As he walked up her front steps, through the window he saw her turn off her own phone and slowly approached the door. The door slowly opened and there she was standing in a sweater and jeans, her hair down and tucked behind her ears. I know, I have been MIA for so long and have yet to update any of my major works. As for this story, I hope you guys enjoyed it. Best International Romance Runner-up, Some Kind of Wonderful Awards, 2010Inducted into A Drop of Romeo Hall of FameCopyright  Hannah Hooton, 2012All rights reserved. The small hire-car juddered as if in disgust at being made to travel at twenty through the potholed West Country. She allowed herself a smug smile. 'It wouldn't be so bad if any of the roads had signs on them,' she grumbled. Pippa's eyes widened. 'Not really. 'That you have, but you're not far off course. 'Helensvale more than likely or at worst, Bristol. 'Not a bother. A loud hoot from her left made her jump. 'Bugger, bugger, bugger. Her blood already pumped with panic, Pippa experienced the cocooned safety of road rage for the first time. 'Arsehole,' she muttered, drying her palms on her skirt. With a quick check of her reflection in the mirror, she tucked a tendril of her short dark auburn curls behind her ear and stepped out into the cool dusk. Pippa pushed her sunglasses onto the top of her head, revealing her blue eyes. Really, Pippa thought indignantly. 'Thanks, it was a bit of a shock. Jack Carmichael shifted uncomfortably. The idea of a vodka and Coke suddenly became very appealing. 'Oh – um – coffee please. 'Milk and two sugars please. 'Come through,' he instructed. Pippa bristled. 'Just about sums it up, yes. 'Because –' He glanced at her bare-fingered left hand, '– Ms Taylor, I train racehorses. Pippa frowned. Okay, Pippa reasoned with herself. 'Twenty-six. 'No, they knew perfection when they saw it. 'No. Jack shrugged. 'Yes, please. 'Astolat and Peace Offering. Jack paused to consider this for a moment. Pippa was only halfway through her drink. Jack grunted. Pippa held her breath, feeling his eyes travel from the vehicles to her. 'I guess not. 'You're going to need more suitable footwear than that. Pippa looked in horror from the boots to Jack and might have argued had his eyes not clouded indigo with brimming temper. He stopped alongside the fence to the second paddock. 'They're only playing. Pippa detected the slight resignation in his voice as he identified the smaller, slighter-looking bay happily bringing up the rear. Jack's furrowed brow softened. 'He's an old softie. For a moment, Pippa was only aware of the heat radiating from his hand as it engulfed hers. Pippa let her fingers trace the delicate contours of the horse's nose, between his velveteen nostrils, smiling as his whiskers tickled her palm. Jack gave a snort of derision. 'Something like that. 'Thank you,' Pippa replied sweetly. Poor girl, Pippa thought, having to put up with his moodiness. Pippa shrugged. Jack looked at her sharply. Disclaimer: I don't own Titanic (though I kinda wish I did,) or other movies, songs, and brands etc that you happen to recognise in the course of this story. I was snuggled up comfortably in the sofa, gripping at the remote control as I watched Leonardo DiCaprio profess his undying love to Kate Winslet. I wailed, and dabbed at my bloodshot eyes with my sleeve, red from crying. Aaaand the pervert who, only one year ago, decided to raid my closet for my bras, scribbled my name all over them, fastened a frilly pink one to his chest, and pranced around the school with it for an entire day (though he didn't get away with it without the principal suspending him. I muttered, my eyes still intently following the screen, which once again welled up in tears when Rose was forced to let go of Jack, and his body drifted away into the deep blue. I swear, if it weren't for his 'gorgeous' (his past girlfriends' words, not mine) brown eyes, tousled dark hair, and drool-worthy six pack (which I will admit, although with some reluctance, is rather impressive. Oh, see how that apathetic asshole has stripped me of my loves? Jack replied, grinning evilly. And then it struck me. Jackson High was our rival school, who almost always beat us on the battleground (ie the football field. I heard Jack mutter when I embraced him (daym he smelt good, what cologne does he use? Never had I felt prouder of my school, which I had every reason to be embarassed about (like the astounding percentage of the school's population who were not virgins, the number of people who get kicked out per day. How painfully boring is that? You could, I guess, consider Akiko a frosty bitch, but then again, that's what brought us together. I liked her eyes. I didn't really approve of him since he was so possessive and all, I mean, he literally snarls when guys approach his girlfriend (kind of like a guard-dog, but he doesn't have fleas. a sickeningly sweet voice purred, and voila! Vanessa took it upon herself to place her fine piece of ass on my brother's lap, and within a millisecond or two, her lips were surgically attached to Chris's. I sighed, shaking my head. I asked him, my mind conjuring up all sorts of witty retorts in response to him, right as soon as he said yes. BEEP! I was cut off when I heard a consistent whack! I don't know what the heck triggered me to post this awful cliche on fictionpress. MxM. But I guess it's kind of hard to take my word for it, huh? I'm sitting on the couch in the living room, watching reruns of I Love Lucy and munching on popcorn. My mom is sitting at the dining table with her laptop. Now imagine that happening several times a day. I blink and look up from the movie and throw a piece of yucky buttered popcorn in my mouth. Well, okay, I'll give him that much. My little brother is not good at cussing. It's always funny to see how Sidney's face scrunches up when he gets mad. Okay. My mom doesn't even have to ask who's doing what. Translation: only every day since I was five. My mom tends to sound like Tarzan when she's angry. I sigh and stand up, running my hand through my hair distantly and just starting down the hall and to my room, without a bounce in my step. My hair is boring as hell. He's my best friend in the entire world, and has been since we met on the playground in Kindergarten. Charles doesn't hate me for my faults, and I don't hate him for his. My best friend. I look at the phone as I pass it, but just go right to my bed. There aren't too many people in my school. I pull into the parking lot in my little blue jeep, hopping out and yawning again. Ms. Drale says happily as I walk in, half an hour earlier than the first bell, and I lick my lips slightly and give a smile and a nod to her. It's in my file, but it doesn't seem to matter that I have some sort of mental disorder. Is that Albert Einstein? I reply to him as he sits down in the seat next to me. Ugh. Oh. He runs his hand through his hair. he grins at me in a fashion that makes a girl just coming in pause. I sigh dramatically and slump even more in my chair and pull my homework out on my desk even though we still have ten minutes until it starts. 'You have eyes as silver as your tongue', that's what my freshman class English teacher told me. The bell rings and the people that were talking within their little cliques reluctantly go to their desk as Ms. Drale stands up and smiles at the class, giving everyone a good morning. I say, looking over at him with a little smile because there's a reason this boy is my best friend. About halfway through, the class the door opens and my eyes drift over to see a girl with long spiral dark curls and a Hispanic tan. I hear Charles comment with a little snort, shaking his head. Ugh…James Russell. She's looking at me. I hear James and a couple of his buddies burst out laughing, and I'm withering in my seat. Ms. Drale swallows, obviously at a loss at what else to do, and getting rid of the more disruptive component of the class. Her glare flickers back to me for the rest of the period, and I keep my gaze down. I'm probably the biggest liar you'll ever meet. -Hello everyone. I hope you like Devyn and Charles and such…The love interest shows up next chapter! Requirements:1. No:1. A year ago, you finally hooked yourself up with a pretty girl (read: hot, curvaceous body. I couldn't bring myself to pick up my phone and ask some friends for comfort and all that, because it'd be pretty weird of me to dial a number and go, 'Hey dude, my girlfriend just dumped me for another girl, my heart is shattered to pieces, and I feel like crying. He told the barmaid, who gave him the tiniest of smiles before slamming my glass on the table. I knew I found a friend in her. A normal man would say that, because a normal man is tough, strong, totally cool with break ups, and. And whenever I tried to walk, something would start ringing in my head. Amidst the drunken haziness, we managed to exchange numbers and drowned a few more shots of hard liquor; ran around doing random math questions (we helped some guy calculate the number of stripes on his dress shirt -; turns out he wasn't interested in knowing at all. No, my conscience decided. Okay. I corrected hastily. I trailed off when a sudden –horrifying- image of us removing our clothes slowly in front of a few traumatized looking customers swarmed into mind. I stared at what I was wearing once more, feeling oddly calm. The bell rang another time. And everything started from there. She teased and pushed me lightly, causing me to lose my balance, and I started to feel a backward gravity pull. I halted, not knowing how to explain anymore. Give her a few minutes. Special thanks to darlin' Teasie, who had to reread it everytime I come up with an idea. Word to the Wise: It's best to be safe than sorry. Read on. Joshua Grey grimaced inwardly, Oh God…she's opening her eyes… He was usually gone by now, not staying long enough for any awkward morning misunderstandings. Cursing himself for almost saying Nina's name he walked out the door, not bothering to close it. Checking the time on his modest yet expensive watch, he smirked… bastard probably isn't even up yet. Ms Katherine Darling-Grey, was a successful partner in a major law firm, which would account for their 'comfortable' living and less than modest home. Her methodical voice travelled upstairs, and bought back with it a jumping blonde haired, brown eyed ten year old. His sister's elated voice beckoned the mongrel over, Josh's eyes narrowed at the monstrosity. Not bothering to sit at the table for breakfast, he kissed his mom on the cheek… ruffled Kay's hair and shot right back outside, knowing that if he were to forget something Nina would have a spare. Her own light brown hair was limp compared to the girl's lustrous mane, twirling it around her fingers she looked sideways into her full length mirror. Tiara also had darker skin and more friends than Nina. You wanted a reason. Picking out her firmest pillow, she opened the door again,  Before he could finish his sentence, Nina pummelled him with her pillow. Nina's mock innocent voice drawled, adding a thump on Josh's head for good measure. Turning on her sneaker clad heel she stepped over Josh's crumpled body, down the hall and into her fraternal twin's room. After a shower and change of clothes Damon was somewhat more alive, all he needed was some breakfast and he'd be able to function. He didn't even look up from the page as his monotone voice met Damon's ear. Cutting it off he shuddered. That earned him a punch from Nina , as they continued to squabble Damon sat back and thought about the bio test. Was all he managed as he flipped open his phone to answer. Get yourself together. Josh cut through, putting an arm playfully around Nina, who continued to look at Thomas with an odd expression on her face. Thomas watched as Josh (who didn't think anyone was watching him) continued to gaze after Nina who had shook him off and was stalking away, probably to the gym to steal something for Josh's little sister. It Kills me to know you'd never want me. Truth of the matter was, he just really needed to get away from Damon and Josh's womanising. Hello. Or, well, she was trying to. He'd never seen anyone look so distressed trying to eat food. He thought she might be pretty. Quickly, he turned and ordered his double bacon, double egg breakfast sandwich and a large coffee. he grinned, flashing her his two rows of white teeth. She noticed that his nose was slightly crooked, as though it had been broken and reset on several occasions. He didn't offer his hand, but simply leaned back, making himself comfortable at her table. Shrugging, he took a long sip from his paper coffee cup. he answered, and began unwrapping his breakfast. he laughed. Biting her lip, she tried to make eye contact. With that, he answered his phone and pushed out of the coffee shop and into the rain. Thanks so much if you made it through the prologue. after two years. I replied softly, hoarsely. The clock struck, the bell rung. For two very different people though, the day was almost over, but not just yet. Jemma is an awesome friend though her comments could really bite. I met her in preschool when she walked up to me to tell me how horrible she thought my dress was. Alicia prompted me in that soft voice of hers. It happened to me once while we were talking on the phone. She got mad at me after that for falling asleep on her after that for over two days. I laughed breezily. I shot her a hurt look. I swear, Jemma looked like she wanted to break my neck and feed me to her dogs. What she said made the nervousness in my gut more pronounced. This time, Jemma, Alicia and I were going to audition for the school's play 'Autumn Breeze'. I walked through the crowd with them trailing behind me. I was being an idiotic coward. I shouldn't have made that bet with Daniel. So here I was, worrying on whether would it be good to get a role in that play or not. I smirked at him when he glared at me. Freak: Aww, come on Rebbie, just one song. dropped open hearing his voice. on…sing"! Author's note: Hello everyone! All eyes were on Jack Phillip and his date at the Valentine's Ball. Take a look at this picture of Jack Phillip at his Halloween party of last year. Guess no longer at who Jack Phillip's mystery woman is. Well, Andie Shepherd. Gasp! Let's start from the beginning, shall we? Our source tells us that Phillip and Shepherd went into a separate room, where guests could hear  It was Andie who emerged first, and slipped her usual charming smile on her face before disappearing into the crowd. Things escalated after dinner. Judging by the picture that was taken of them on the beach just yesterday, it is obvious that these two are still in love. No wonder Miss Shepherd looks so familiar! JP: Oh, she's great. JP: Well, in this economy, everyone's taken a hit. JP: That would be Andie. JP: Of course. JS: Four kids. At that point, Andie Shepherd herself walked in, and let me tell you, she does have a beguiling smile. Who is Andie Shepherd? Andrea Shepherd grew up on the outskirts of Onyx, and went to the elementary, junior, and high school there. And that was the end of the interview. Not that she was disgusted, by any means. In all honesty, there was something about the happy couple that caused a very tiny piece of her to blacken and writhe in jealousy. Noir was gone. She needed to get him back somehow. The one thing she had going for her was the fact that no one knew she was Bombshell. Her dark eyes flitted over to a picture of her sister. Keirah shifted her eyes over to Jack Phillip. Andie was exhausted when she finally arrived at the mansion. Another sigh escaped from her, this time from her lips, and she began heading down the hall and up the stairs. Andie knew she should be used to the fact that she was living with someone, let alone the notorious Jack Phillip, but there were times when it baffled her to no end. When was the last time they made love, anyways? As she walked over to the shirt, she began to discard her own, deciding to leave a trail of her articles of clothing in hopes to add to the environment she wanted to create. Jack Phillip was probably more exhausted than Andie. There were far too many stairs for his taste as he all but dashed up them, leaving his briefcase at the top of the stairs. Andie let out a sigh but her eyes had yet to be opened, though her lips curled into a grin. That was all Jack needed, and he pushed himself up so he could capture her lips with his. Her hands placed themselves on Jack's bare chest, loving the feel of his skin against her own. Andie let out a low moan, Jack's favorite sound, and he looked up at her, watching her head lean back as her body arched up naturally in response to his touch. Jack's right hand left her breast after a long moment, trailing down the soft curves of her stomach masked only by the thin material until his fingers found the swell of her heat, buried beneath soft, kempt, curls. Andie opened her eyes very slightly, meeting them with Jack's. When her sighs turned into whimpers, he knew she was close. Andie leaned up, toward Jack kissing his lips softly. Jack groaned against her lips, and he twitched underneath the soft skin that was currently touching him. Jack stifled another groan, but did not need to be told twice. Andie's eyes were nothing like Jack had ever seen before, and he reveled in the way they watched him make love to her. Jack breathed as he felt his fiancée's legs coil tightly around his lower back. Jack furrowed his brow, ready to do any and everything she asked him. As he felt himself soften inside of her, he rested his head on her shoulder, not wanting to sacrifice the heat their bodies accumulated through the duration of their physical activity. Andie said, breaking the comfortable silence. It could have been the light seeping in through the crack in the curtains. Images of the night before slowly appeared in my head. Slowly I opened my eyes, I was lying in a large four-poster bed and the room was immaculate, except for the random articles of clothing that had been thrown around. The person had groaned before then rolling away from me. Cautiously I peeked over my shoulder to see whether or not the man was still asleep. His hair was dark and at that perfect length where it could be shaggy and sexy yet also styled perfectly if you tried, his jaw seemed strong with high cheekbones with a faint shadow of stubble, not a look I would usually go for, that traditional handsome aristocratic look was something I usually rebelled against, because usually the men behind them were arrogant trust fund babies that didn't know the meaning of hard work. The sheets were wound around his waist, but the torso I could see was definitely one you could pick out on a crowded beach. I took a closer glance at the one on his chest, it was printed on the left side, right above where your heart would be, somewhere you would write the name of a loved one of something. I sat up, holding the sheets above my naked torso. He lowered his arm from his face, his bright hazel eyes sluggishly opening and turning on me. Christian Fletcher, even his name caused hate and disgust to bubble up inside me, after all it had practically been ingrained in me for nearly the last two decades to hate him and his entire family. He mumbled, breaking the silence. My voice was now rising in anger, is that what I was known as? He merely shrugged again before standing and pulling on a pair of cotton boxer briefs, cotton boxer briefs that he could definitely fill out. He walked away from the bed then, heading towards a door that led into a bathroom I presumed, closing it softly behind him. I sighed then, and lent down to pick up one of Christian's shirts off the floor, it should be long enough to cover me until I find my clothes, after all Christian wasn't exactly short. One of his eyebrows rose as he took in the sight of me. I huffed and turned away from him, heading into the lounge area to find, hopefully, the rest of my clothes. The first couple of papers were some sort of itinerary; he had been here for a week to discuss some deal with a casino/hotel owner, huh he was actually here on business. It was of Christian, his friend Zander, me and my friend Sadie, and judging from the clothes I was wearing; it had been taken last night. Slowly my gaze drifted to my left hand, a realization suddenly dawning on me. I collapsed back down on to the couch I had been sitting on, the last piece of paper in the pile now blatantly staring up at me. My head fell into my hands and I did everything I could not to cry. All I did was point at the marriage certificate sitting on the table. Christian stayed silent next to me, his hand softly brushing up and down my back in a calming way, or at least it was supposed to be calming, it didn't really have that fortunate effect. There was a tense silence after my outburst, and I immediately backed down, I had gone too far, way too far. Don't Hate the Player; Hate the GameSummary: He's funny. Okay, so from my performance earlier it obviously isn't that jaw dropping. Dean was the hottest guy in school. Dean went for girls with beautiful hair, stunning looks, and a killer body. Surprisingly, as Harriet and I headed towards our usual table Dean followed. I snapped, standing up and making my chair slide noisily across the floor. Finally, he shook his head and I took this as my cue for action. he shouted, but I only laughed. My eyes widened as a roguish grin made its way to his handsome face, making his eyes sparkle with glee. I was frozen for a second, paralysed by the emotions running through me, before I burst into movement. And there was not a damn thing I could do about it. And don't you dare start thinking that I was one of those modest types that thought they were gross, but were actually amazingly beautiful with a little pampering here and there. I muttered under my breath as I continued my angry walk back to my house. Harriet finally yelled, cutting me off. I blanched. I frowned. It was only for a second, but a bolt of electricity rushed through me and my eyes slammed open as I realised what I was doing. A/N: Tell me what you think! Recently, I've been home sick and came across my old fictionpress account, which I hadn't thought about in years, to be honest. I had started writing this story when I was 17, and its crazy to think of all that's changed in the last decade and a half. If you had followed this story since way back when, thank you for sticking with me. I think. of effort, of time and breath. day here. +. You probably would've shared my astonishment when I found out that I was going to be pulled out of my good ol' public school to attend a prestigious boarding school all the way down in soak-up-the-sun California. I've been to California many times before this, every summer since I was five I went over there to visit my dad, who was usual off on vacation and we spent many days just having fun on the beach or going around town. It was an all male boarding school in California, one of the best male schools in their state, I asked what the name of the school was and they politely told me it was Pacific Blue Boarding School. Well the school didn't seem like a big thing to me, nor did the fact that I would be the only girl their age (give or take a year or so) in the whole school. Eh, a big new school, new places, new friends, a whole new daily routine? Before I left my family's side to go board my plane I felt my mother's arms circle around me, I wasn't sure how to take the hug, but I obviously hugged back. I blinked and nodded slowly. But what could she possibly know that I didn't? Turns out, I had fallen asleep after an hour of being on the plane, I didn't know I was that tired, then I remembered all the goodbyes I had said the day before I left to all my teammates, hockey and soccer, plus a few people who I just talked about surfing with. I walked myself to a small slushie cart located near a Caribou Coffee and an airport giftshop, I got myself a cherry flavored one, I love practically cherry everything. As I sat there with my slushie I started to think back to what mom had told me. Corey and Matt were my older twins, but they were the type that didn't look alike. Being guys you know they gotta play some sport. Looking down at my slushie I frown slightly. I whispered. Whoa, wait. When the limo drove through those large gates it suddenly hit me, the fact I'd be spending the rest of the school year with over 400 guys. I blinked, back in Minnesota you rarely see guys with all the perks, plus intelligence. I said aloud. This room had to be at least twice, maybe three times the size of my living room. Then I saw one boy, a boy with hair like mine, except with an orange tint and his eyes, from where I was standing, he had deep brown eyes. I hadn't noticed that the door had opened and an older person was standing behind me well I guess maybe my body sensed it because I felt my muscles tense. This guy was messed up. This guy's serious making me think he's some sort of secret rapist or something, or a pedophile. +. The Devil and His Secret. The time's not really perfect for sizing him up but my instincts are acting on their own. As discreetly as possible, I start checking him out. I narrowed my eyes to see what colors his fiery, mesmerizing eyes were. I almost let out a cute, 'aww. His lips are moving and his eyes have an even fiercer look in them. He closes his eyes and sighs before starting to massage his temples in exasperation. I bite my lip while he look at me as he wait for my answer. Seriously. Yes. William's looks are really misleading. The Great Pretenders- Andrew and Keely have been best friends since diapers. Of course, Dean hadn't been Keely's completely first boyfriend. From then on, it had become a habit. Trent Johnson had followed in the eighth grade. He was her first kiss—an awkward make out in her friend's dusty basement. But Trent and Bobby didn't count. She loved the way his eyebrows furrowed together while he was eating, as if his food was the most important thing in the world. Still, though Dean was a hugely important part of her life, there was one person who had always taken precendence—her best friend Andrew Evans. Keely could remember starting Junior High with Andrew. When Andrew informed her, at the end of their eighth grade play, that his mother was forcing him to transfer to boarding school, she was devastated. So, Andrew and Keely had started Prescott Prep together as freshmen. She had tried to explain to Danielle, but the girl had simply thrown a bag of cheetos at her and then changed the topic to the new boy she was madly in love with. Her best friend Ava, another in Keely's group of friends, had similar opinions about boys. Her best girl friend, Anna, was a little more subdued. Little did she know, that in a short three years, she would convince herself to do just that. Keely had made a quick sandwich in the dormitory kitchen, not even bothering to cut off her crusts, because she ached to go outside so badly. It was true. Anna replied, biting into a carrot stick. She had a habit of losing shoes. Keely replied, picking a dandelion off the ground and twiddling it in her fingers, before tucking it behind her ear. Andrew was gaining on her. She squealed. They landed, one on top of the other, with a great splash. she laughed. Keely blushed, and Dean led her away towards the senior boy dormitory. Sydney peered out the window as the car pulled into a parking spot. Sydney opened the door and climbed out of the car. The other person was a boy, probably around Sydney's age, seventeen. Sydney didn't know how to respond. Fin led Sydney to what looked like a group of town homes. Sydney shook her head. Sydney turned to see a very masculine-looking woman heading their way. said Melissa. Sydney nodded. Sydney's new roommate was not there, and Sydney was glad for that. The next hour was spent with Fin showing Sydney around the rest of campus. said Fin. Sydney nodded. Sydney just nodded again. Sydney nodded one last time. said another boy. said one of the girls. Fin said as everyone clapped. Sydney asked, curious. Sydney looked around the cafeteria at all the kids eating. I don't want this to be a sad story, but I guess you need to know how we got here. So now we were orphans. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Luke looked at me for a long minute and I couldn't tell what he was thinking, then he turned back to Mr. Jackson and shrugged wearily. Luke shrugged. I couldn't believe what came out of my mouth next. We got our money together and our ID and went to the courthouse first. We went to Sears instead of a real jewelry store because we didn't have much money, but both of us were surprised to find out that plain wedding bands were pretty darn cheap. He stared at me a while, then we went back to where the clerk stood waiting. Then the clerk brought out a different set that was on sale. Okay, so at first I thought it was this noble thing to do, offering to marry Katie. I went to bed without eating that night, way too nervous, while Luke seemed to be ravenous. I must've fallen asleep eventually because I woke up to the sounds of the shower. He only paused a second, gathering his courage I guess. I came downstairs ten minutes later and he was waiting by the front door with his keys and the rings and the little envelope that had our license and stuff in it. His voice came out like a sigh, and when his cheeks colored a little I realized he liked how I looked. I couldn't believe it when I first saw Katie. The courthouse was only a few blocks away and we found the chapel pretty easily, and there was a man in a clerical collar and suit waiting. Luke blinked a few times, then turned to look at me with a question in his eyes. Neither one of us said a word the whole way home. He looked thoughtful. And it was a little rough. I wasn't smiling. I wished aloud that we could go out, since we might as well make the most of the day and it's not like we had a cake or anything, but he reminded me that money was gonna be a huge problem from now on and things were gonna be rough. I went upstairs and changed and stared at myself again in the mirror. When Randy got there he leaned forward and kissed me and I felt strange about it. I knew he probably didn't mean it, but I wished he did. I started to tell him I didn't either, but then I started thinking about him tossing and turning and maybe regretting his 'proposal', right on the other side of my wall where I was doing the exact same thing. I thought it might feel weird in school but amazingly I didn't even think about it until the last class change of the day, when I caught sight of Luke in the hall. He had to work all that afternoon and evening. Yeah, I wanted to wear it. So it's been a little while, but I'm back with another not-so-one-shot-one-shot! Anyway, this one is based off of something that really did happen to me. So everything you recognize in this story. And here goes. Normally, they'd play out front of the school, right by the base of the flagpole. That's what had originally made him catch my eye. I had watched him play hacky sack almost every day for the past two months. As I stood with the post-it in my hand, I still didn't have the guts to approach him, but I had to. The bus ride into the city was only supposed to have taken 40 or so minutes. Olivia and I had been getting more and more restless as the minutes on the bus dragged by. I muttered, breaking the silence. My mouth dropped open. My eyes went wide. Right. The seat across the isle from Mr. White was vacant. Liv looked pensive. So the message wasn't exactly  nor was it romantic in the least. I drew in one last deep breath as I pushed off the wall before I could stop myself. The students that were hanging around the lobby didn't pay any attention to me at all. I hadn't bothered calling anyone for a ride that day, knowing that I had to take care of my end of the deal that afternoon. The more steps I took, the more my body relaxed a little and the more my brain started to work correctly again. I stopped and strained my ears to hear it again, but all I heard was the sound of car horns and tires rolling against the street. I muttered. My mind quickly starting searching for an excuse before I realized something. I gulped down my doubt and turned to look him in the eye. I bit my lip, wondering how I could word this so that I didn't completely embarrass myself . His smile dropped. I lowered my gaze to the ground. Ryan assured me. Ryan laughed, too. Feeling myself start to blush, I tilted my head downward and let my bangs fall in front of my face. The truth was, I had nothing to be late for. Ryan furrowed his eyebrows, silently asking me to say yes. After a moment, I took a deep breath and found myself nodding. Note: This story just came to mind early this morning and so I decided to write it out. I'm sure most people wouldn't view my condition as something horrific or depraved. So what options do I have now that living at home is no longer one of them? I guess that is why I'm here on the dock overlooking the river. a voice behind me commented. I wanted to say something to this guy; perhaps deny that I was thinking about the very subject he'd brought up. He was right, but I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of getting his way. I snorted at how casual he was about the whole thing. The man finished his cigarette and flicked the butt away. I had just noticed how wonderfully warm this man's amber eyes were when equally warm lips encased my own. It took me a moment to realize I had closed my eyes. It wasn't until much later when I was on a bus and reviewing the entire encounter in my head for the hundredth time that a couple of what should have been important and apparent questions popped into my brain. Natalie smiled to herself. in. happen to Jake? Two weeks later. GIRL! I couldn't wait to get lost in it all. The drive here had been horrendously long. I guess it was just because I was her first born child, meaning I was the first to be heading off to college. I gave my dad a quick hug as well. I took a breath and realized that I was completely free to do whatever the hell I wanted. I'd heard from upperclassmen that you don't always befriend your roommates. I got a good look at him. The two of us sorted out who would be using which bed, which desk, which wardrobe. He laughed. I groaned. Ryan plopped down on his bed and took out his laptop. I finished unpacking all my things instead. Once I had finished setting everything up the way I liked it, Ryan closed his laptop and smiled at me. I laughed at the absurdity of that idea. Why was he so embarrassed, I wondered? Well, I definitely hadn't expected that. I nodded. I felt bad for him. He smiled at me. The rest of the night, the two of us were able to talk and hang out without any awkwardness. I was still hopeful that Ryan and I would become good friends. And so, my first semester of college began, with a somewhat unexpected start. PS: The Wilson &amp; Taylor sequel is gonna have to be put on hold for a while. Chapter One: Bitter LightweightSometimes Colby wished his friends were a little more sympathetic to his very low alcohol tolerance levels. What were friends for if not to share Butter Chicken on a Friday night? Tristan said, sitting back in his chair and shoving a thick piece of Naan bread into his mouth, chewing slowly. Colby said, before he could be outspoken yet again. Tristan and Ashton threw Colby an upsetting look. Ashton shouted indignantly, loud enough for even Colby's retreating back to hear. Colby sighed, staring at himself in the full length mirror he shared with his dorm-mate Kyle. Just then a knock sounded from the door to his room and Colby nearly jumped a foot in the air. Trying for the millionth time to smooth down his light brown hair, Colby whipped his door back and stared at Ashton Singleton like he was shit on his shoe. With his phone to his ear, Colby couldn't really say anything else to Ashton. Colby didn't find this very unlikely. He didn't get another word in as Ashton went and opened his door and beckoned him outside into the hall. Ashton looked up as they reached the bottom of the stairs and turned a corner to head to the exit. With lips tight, Colby pretended like he couldn't remember as they headed out into the cold night. God, those memories hurt. These thoughts haunted him as he ducked his head into the passenger seat of Ashton's Bentley Continental GT. It was less than a second later that he was forced back into his seat as Ashton hit the gas and sped out of the dormitory parking lot. He was used to this by now. Ashton said, draping an arm around both friends and kicking his weight off the ground. Tristan smirked, running a hand through his wild, flaming red hair. A minute later, Ashton came flopping down happily beside Colby, a cold beer in his hand. A delightful array of giggles was heard and Colby rolled his eyes. Ashton explained to Colby as the group of girls headed towards the bar. Just. Colby's face went white. Colby yelled. Ashton had retrieved the Bouncer from earlier, and had instructed him to take Colby outside. There he sat awkwardly between two other girls who were looking a little dejected at the fact they were not getting any attention. Usually when Colby broke the seal, he was done for given the fact that he was such a lightweight when he drank. It was after he'd lazily washed his hands from the sticky floor of their booth that Colby realized there was something wrong with him. His knees were weak, leaving Colby shocked for a second when he wondered if he was paralyzed. One step. The twinkling little lights that were above every booth were so small they looked like stars, and it was so dark in that bar Colby might as well have been looking up at the night sky on a trampoline. Everything was so loud, and Colby hardly registered the murmurs of the others in the booth. Confused, Colby opened his eyes he didn't know he'd closed and forced himself to look at the guy beside him once more. The voice and those words were definitely coming from Ashton's mouth but – they didn't seem fitting at all. And then next thing Colby knew, Ashton had him by the arm and was heaving him upwards. Impossible. I wanted to try out a rom-com, which is so very unlike me. How do you like Colby so far? god, what's wrong with me? My jaw dropped. hotel. Safe With MeSummary: Amelia West has a secret: she can read minds. Of course you have. Of all the superpowers you could possibly hypothetically have, you want to be able to read minds? Yes, an honest-to-God, actual mind reader much like Edward  Cullen and Sookie  Stackhouse. Getting back to my point, trust me when I say that being a mind reader isn't all it's cracked up to be. Um, what was I saying? But what the fine print doesn't tell you is that in reality, being a mind reader isn't always fun. Don't believe me? Okay. That saying that guys are pigs? I know, right? There are those rare occasions where I come across a guy who actually has an intelligent thought floating around in his head, but mostly, I'm surrounded by horny Neanderthals who smell. The girls aren't as bad. On the other hand, there are instances where I'm grateful for having my special little ability. And then there are the times when I really, really, really wish God or whoever the hell it is up there had decided to give my ability to someone else because it really wasn't doing me any favours. . It was then my conscious decided to rear its sometimes ugly head. Five minutes pass before I realise that I've been standing by my locker staring off into space and thinking. It is common knowledge that Mitch and his friends like to hang out under an oak tree right by the student parking lot before school, after school, and during their free periods. Looking up, Mitch's eyes meet mine. I glare at Adam. Mitch leans back to look me over again. The next day, after being forced to embarrass myself in front of my Math class by way of completing sums on the board - sums I had no hope of ever knowing how to complete properly and correctly - I stop by my locker to check that I don't have any homework due for my next class. Have you guessed who's standing in front of me? I ask nervously. Huh. Mitch Cooper knows who I am? Wonderful. I sprint to my next class, turning up to the Biology Lab. While I mentally berated myself for my idiocy, I briefly hoped that Mitch would just think I was a big weirdo and leave it at that. I managed to avoid running into Mitch over the next two days - skilfully avoid, I might add - but on the third day, I wasn't so lucky. The librarian at my school is a stickler for the No Talking policy. Mitch popped up while I was in the middle of reading a passage about ancient Chinese torture techniques. He smiles at me and for the first time, I notice he has dimples. All the while, however, my heart is racing. Amelia West has a fiiiiiine body. I couldn't take it anymore. Great. That night, as I'm sitting at my desk cursing the invention and existence of Mathematics, I hear a quiet tap on my window. Don't look at me like that. Mitch shrugs and picks up my favourite childhood teddy bear, Scruffy. We sit in comfortable silence for a little while. Mitch turns to look at me. He smiles and stands to leave. he whispers before he kisses me. I watch Mitch walk back to the balcony ledge and throw a leg over it. With a wink, Mitch throws the other leg over the ledge and climbs down. Maybe being a mind reader isn't so bad after all. Since the age of six, it was discovered that Casper could no longer speak, losing his ability to control his vocal chords after a tragic car accident that killed his grandmother. Three children later, and the family was running smoothly. As for the middle child, Casper did not excel in sports or his studies. Because of his lack of voice, Casper had become a genius with one thing, the camera. Another thing that made him less noticeable than his brothers (in his mind) was his build. Unlike his brothers dirty blond hair, the boy had hair as dark as night. He moved towards the fridge, having dropped the note rather than giving into the urge to rip it into bits. Moving up the stairs the boy dropped back into his bed, listening to the silence of the house. Here's the deal. Then my other story, , got ripped off. I adore this story. Being in the majority? It took me a little longer than it should have to realize my upbringing was… unusual, to put it nicely. I was over ten years old before it all clicked, and I grudgingly accepted that I was nothing more than an unwanted child who had the misfortune of landing on a random doorstep in a very shady neighborhood. It seemed like my fate was pretty much sealed the second my life was placed in the hands of three men who could write set of encyclopedias on what it meant to be unscrupulous, but I guess God decided I needed to be punished some more. Yeah, I know I sound a tad bitter with my situation. Robert is a badass in every sense of the word, except when it comes to me. And thus, I was granted immunity from all those evil baddies who prey on little girls. I was rifling through a history textbook while stretched out on the living room couch when Robert strode into the room, swearing up a storm. Well, at least his appearance fits the part. If Robert didn't threaten to kill Eddie at least once a week, something was wrong. He knew the answer to that, so I didn't bother responding. Robert isn't an idiot by any means, despite his lack of a high school diploma. He cuffed me upside the head, but it wasn't out of malice. I looked backward again, and saw Eddie grinning stupidly behind me. In appearance alone, Eddie is everything Robert isn't, and not in a good way. Before this turns into a bash-Eddie-fest, I have to submit to the cliché, and concede that he has very striking eyes. I'd say that's a pretty good sum-up of our relationship, actually. Hmm. The statement was true enough (where was Eddie if he wasn't slouched in front of the television with food and beer? In reality, I had taken his food without asking, but I let that go. Eddie has no skill in fighting, and seemingly no interest in standing up for himself. I know this sounds harsh, but it makes one wonder what sort of purpose Eddie serves at all. Whatever. I glared at him briefly to make him aware I disagreed, and he only laughed in response. Ugh. Ah, Mitch was coming. Considering he's in charge, logic says I shouldn't be around at all. Robert, Eddie, and the demonic presence that is Mitch… makes typical dysfunction look almost appetizing. Following dutifully in our march of weirdness is the fact that I'm a nobody. I have no birth certificate, no social security number, no written evidence anywhere that I was ever born. Go ahead, laugh. Eddie had gotten a mutt off the streets, and named it Daniel (some joke about Daniel Boone –I'm not really sure what it was, nor do I care). I originally wanted to start from the very moment Kennie saw Georgia. The road seemed to stretch on forever as Georgia applied more pressure to the gas. Georgia couldn't fight the grin on her face. Georgia almost squealed when she zoomed off of the interstate and onto the exit. Georgia shook her head. She chewed on her lip. Blue green eyes stared up into the white ceiling. He was growing impatient. His fist clenched into the sheets. The tears couldn't be held back. My sister and I walk the same route every day from school whenever we don't drive. I shrug and start to walk ahead. There's some fat guy covered in blood and hunched over a twitching body, which is bleeding profusely. Bella just shrugs and goes back to clipping her toenails. Emily and I are identical twins. I got a belly button ring with her, because she's my other half and I didn't want her to get the brunt of our parent's wrath. We both have blue eyes, which don't look too bad. By ten o'clock we're both in bed. When I learned that Bella would come to stay with us, I thought it'd be a bit more fun than this. School – a safe haven nowadays. Bell squeals angrily. he cries. I say, pointing in the direction that Bella and I came from. Physics lab – not a nice place. Bella grumbles. Bloom says melodramatically. Bloom cursing openly is too natural. Bloom goes to the front of the room and tells us what we're supposed to be doing for our lab today. Once Ms. Bloom is done explaining what we're supposed to do, she lets us work. Both of us look at Derek and I keep my eyes on his hair, which is so red it's unnatural. I say bracingly, trying my best to sound friendly and inviting. He raises his eyebrows and pulls the goggles on. Now he holds up the match and is about to strike it on the box. What a creep! He lights the match and sets the burner finally. she shouts. Bella says cheerfully, beaming at Shane. Derek says assertively. He said and they both exited the apartment. He said annoyed and asked the bar tender for another beer. Aidan began to make his way down the street and back home, or at least where he thought of home was. Aidan nodded and moved closer to him. People passed by, none giving them a second look. Aidan said and looked around. The man said. He felt the stranger pull him closer and the hand slip down to his bottom. He whined and stood. He insisted and Aidan acquiesced. That sentence brought him directly back to prison. Aidan wrapped his hands around the mans shoulders and hug him to his body. Aidan woke up with a massive headache. His eyes popped open and he stood looking at his bed. He was about to leave the room when he spotted a small, square plastic wrapper on his nightstand. So his ass hurt, he was hung over and just found a condom wrapper. Aidan called, and went back into his room. A/N: Heyy. Also, I am not giving up on Can't Buy Love, I just need to step away from it for a week or so, but I am trying to plan out a new M/M story. It's just three little words, but it's such an overused phrase that it's spawned millions of cheesy Hallmark cards, romance novels, and movies. So when she realizes she's in love with her boyfriend, it's quite a predicament. He'd grinned at her, his hazel eyes sparkling. I hope you guys understand my decision. My little Christmas Present for you guys! Christmas. Now, my parents decided to have a big ole' family. I bet you're wondering what this has to do with me not liking Christmas, right. Again, I'll tell you. The worst thing about all of this is the fact that sometimes I can't hate him. So anyway, the whole point to all of this is that I've had to endure Colin for the past seventeen years of my life. Debbie cried when she saw us standing outside in the cold. a voice said from the staircase. I asked emphasizing the like. I shouted out and ran up to him. she asked glaring at him a little. she finished off for him. I said pinching his cheeks. I asked. a voice asked me from behind. I said smiling at the happy sight before me. I said flapping my hands about. I asked. I said mock annoyed. he said pinching my cheeks. I punched Nick on his arm. I teased him. My parents gushed over Nick for a moment before settling back down on the sofas. Nancy mouthed to me. I mimicked her earlier gesture and added a glare to go with it. Frank said thoughtfully. Nancy sighed. Nick asked with wide eyes. Nancy said winking at me. Colin asked me as the dessert was served. he said quietly again looking at me weirdly. Debbie started once everyone was seated with dessert. she said smiling at me. We stayed like that for the rest of the meal up until we had to get up and watch the movies. Sam asked me blinking innocently. I said with gritted teeth. I hissed. I sat down on top of his legs. Sometime during the movie we had swapped positions; my legs were on his lap and my back was resting on the armrest. I announced after another half hour had passed. I splashed some water on my face and gripped either side of the basin. I wiped my face and took a deep breath. I opened the door to the toilet and all that prepping went down the toilet. I asked trying to slip past him. he said quietly. I opened my mouth to say something but all my senses were cut off when Colin lightly pressed his lips against mine. The word 'love' being said out loud by Colin Miller sent off warning bells in my head. he said quietly, his eyes looking straight at mine. he said using the nickname I hated anyone using, but I didn't seem to mind so much now. I said lightly. he said demandingly. Fiona and Nancy cooed. Colin said happily bringing me down for another kiss. I demanded from a nervous looking Colin. Oh yeah, love was definitely in the air. He sits in the corner of the train lobby, on one of the soft, cushion seats that sometimes make you feel like plucking at the protruding foam, but I doubt he can even feel it. It is the fifth time I have seen him and just like the other times, I stand up with a twist in my stomach that makes my hands clench and walk out the train doors, stealing a glance at him before they slide close. And that was when I fell in love with his eyes. And that was when I noticed the bruises on his arms and the rips on his knuckles. And that was when I noticed his hollow cheeks and sharp jaw and I told myself to give him something to eat the next time I see him. And that was when I first saw a smile that reached his eyes. But I stop catching that train for two months after my boss changes my shift on account of another employee travelling overseas. He's standing tall on the platform in a suit and a smile that I have grown to love and he's holding up flowers. And that was when I kissed him and told him that I loved his eyes, his smile, his voice, and his spirit; and so we walked off together, hand in hand, smiling smiles that reached our eyes. It's actually the fastest story I have ever written because I usually take a millennium trying to get over writers block. And I own everything that you don't recognise, like, say. I was yanked from my straw pallet by my hair and thrown to the floor. I live in the downstairs basement. As for me, I have always lived here. Miss Mar would have kicked me out on the streets and would never have thought twice about it, but instead my mother's friend, Mary, took me in. Everyday was the same. Today, I could tell was not going to be a very good day. I would always go to every other room, before finally winding up at room. Finally it was done! I hesitated to turn the knob, for I wanted to prepare myself mentally to deal with him today. He said with disgust hanging from every word. He just wasn't going to stop. For the first few moments neither one of us said anything, which was rare for him. I had only opened the door a few inches before it was slammed shut by Alex's hand. "" I couldn't believe how fast I answered. He grinned at the last word he added in. I groaned. Please God, if you can hear me, please, please, please, save me from this torment some call shopping. I groaned. I sighed, she had a good point. My mom was running around the house fretting over flower arrangements, concerned about decorations and screeching at maids. The rule is, if Mrs. Phillips is ever this worked up, you stay clear from her. So here I was, three hours later, stranded in my room with a growling stomach, plotting out ways to make it to the kitchen without being seen. I quietly tiptoed down the stairs and peered around the corner. I held my breath, trying not to make any noise in case she would hear me. the maid asked opening her eyes to peer at me. It's funny how easily my mom can fit two insults into a sentence and not even notice. I took one last look at myself in the mirror. Worse than that, my already short dress hiked up a couple more inches revealing my pink underwear. Jayden. But I would never tell him that. I cleared my head of all thoughts about Jayden. I decided to be courteous too. I found that really odd. I scrutinized Brandon's reaction. I stopped listening at that point to his utterly boring and completely useless story and let my eyes trail to Jayden standing beside him. It was at that moment that I noticed we were standing alone, and Addy was on the dance floor with Brandon. he said with pleading eyes. Damn him. When he found an acceptable spot he turned around to face me. The song was a slow one, my mom's choice, and we swayed side to side slightly. I found myself staring at Jayden's neck, specifically the spot right next to it; the air between his shoulder and his head. The longer I thought about resting my head there, the more I wanted to experiment with it. I soon forgot about the music entirely, completely overwhelmed by the extreme feelings of blissfulness and protection that I had never before felt in the arms of a boy. I planted my feet on the ground and narrowed my eyes at him. I sprinted out of the ballroom, being careful not to trip on my heels and make an even greater fool of myself. And over Jayden Dane nonetheless. But he didn't like me. No. I heard his footsteps get closer until he was standing right in front of me. I didn't answer him, but by this point I had completely stopped crying and instead was embarrassed that I let Jayden see me like this. I snorted. I sighed and looked up at him. Jayden had not moved from his kneeling position beside the bench. I turned around to glare at him. I didn't know why I was actually telling him all this. I finished my short speech and looked up at him expectantly. He still had a blank look on his face and was staring at all the flowers in the garden. My world crashed around me. Yeah, oh. Of course she must have been pretty if Jayden liked her. He nodded his head and stayed silent. And before I knew it, I was in his arms, my body pressed up against his, his lips moulding over my own. I opened my mouth to protest, but nothing came out since Jayden had used the moment to capture my lips with his. Sorry I haven't updated All Because of You in a while. place. younger. I bit my lip and punched his arm. he said finally. responded easily. should get? you asking me to marry you"? AN }--» Okay, usually I would put the Author's Note down the bottom, but I thought that I should warn people first that I don't usually write short stories. I love Fridays. Somewhat reluctantly, I throw aside the covers and reach for my pink fluffy dressing gown. Shivering slightly, I pull the robe closer around me as I walk out across the small apartment to the only bathroom. Shaking my head, I try not to think of her surrounded by all these gorgeous French boys while I'm stuck back here… all alone in my apartment. Samantha Kylee Tyler…! Barry Hall Kravatz. It's our one year anniversary today, and he said that he'll take me out to a nice little Italian restaurant by the beach that I have always wanted to go to. Once I'm finally ready, I grab my keys and open the door to my apartment. he greets me with a sly grin, stopping in his doorway when he sees me. I query, shutting my door and locking it. I can't help myself… I laugh at that image. I'm not too surprised when he turns on his charm full blast. Daniel wants to know, smirk even wider now. I try desperately to think of something witty to say. Something flashes across his handsome features for a second, but it's gone before I can read into it too deeply. Rolling my eyes, I start back off down the hallway. Okay, don't panic… pulling my car over to the side of the road, I check the time. After flipping to the index to find the right page, I'm relieved to see that I'm ten minutes away from where I want to be. Flicking the key again, I hear my beloved car engine splutter briefly before dying completely. What the hell…? After sitting in the car just cursing my luck for a minute or two, I grab my bag again and begin rummaging around for some loose change. I spend about five minutes of walking around before I reach a main street and find some payphones to use. I explain my situation with Claudia and somehow manage to get an interview time rescheduled for later. I never said that I was a great liar either. He cuts off suddenly and I tighten my grip on the phone receiver. Okay, third time lucky. That's right, I'm on a payphone. I relax, he's sounds worried that about my job interview. That's when something else obviously clicks and she starts swearing some more. I finish coldly before abruptly hanging up the phone. I'm surprised when a male voice answers the phone. Crap, if Esther's busy, then what now? It's late afternoon by the time I get back to the apartment, and my day hasn't gotten any better. But the moment Daniel left me at the building, things went downhill. After my interview, I had some light lunch and then thought I'd take public transport to Barry's house, hoping to sort things out. Not wanting to confront him just then, I had turned around and walked back the way I had come. After wandering around the city and spending some time at a local park, I finally catch the train back to my apartment. I mumble tiredly into the phone. The apartment seems unnaturally quiet once I get off the phone. Looking around my empty apartment, I realise that I don't really want to be all alone tonight. I get mixed emotions at this. The bath was good, and I came out smelling like a whole assortment of tropical fruit… all thanks to Shantay's bath products. Oddly enough, my thoughts had some how kept drifting back towards my sexy neighbour, as opposed to my ex-boyfriend. Trying to keep my thoughts off men altogether (especially the dangerously sexy ones), I turn back to my book. Reaching for the remote, I turn the television on instead to try and distract me from thinking about either Barry or Daniel. Walking up going over to the kitchen, I open the cupboard. I'm thinking about driving down to the shops to get something to eat, when I remember that I don't have a car. Grabbing a nearby book, I hurl it across the room, cursing loudly. I'm muttering and cursing under my breath when all the lights blacked out. I spend a minute or so thinking over my options, before stumbling across the room to where I know a torch is stored in the cupboard underneath the television. I'm about to throw the torch across the room, when I realise that it's pitch black and I have no idea what I might hit. Do I really want to go over to Daniel for help again? Getting up slowly, I creep across in the direction that I'm pretty sure the door is in. As I'm standing there in the dark, I start to have second thoughts about this. he calls out, obviously unable to see me very well in the dark. Though, judging by how dark it is in his own apartment, it doesn't look likely that he has anything. I misjudge where the doorway is, and I end up brushing up close to him as I walk past. It turns out that he's not all that much more graceful than I am, bumping into the odd piece of furniture here or there. The room now has a soft, romantic and seductive feel about it. Now that the candles are lit, Daniel is able to find his way to the couch without tripping over too many things. Either way, I do as he says and turns my back to him. Leaving my shoulders, his fingers slowly work their way down my back, carefully caressing all the correct places. he asks in a low whisper. he murmurs into my ear, before pulling back and stopping the massage altogether. I turn around to find him leaning back on the couch, a thoughtful look on his face. It's with that thought that I decide that I should probably leave. I tell him, leaning over to pat his cheek affectionately. I growl, still trying to get free. I weigh up my options. Standing up, he collects the now empty pizza box and walks into the kitchen. Woah, I'm not even going to go there. Ha, even as I think it, I know that it's not true. Daniel comes back over to the couch and is in the middle of saying something. Oh, that's right… I never told him about Barry… oops. Wow, is this Daniel actually being a gentleman? By now, our faces are inches apart. He kisses me again for a brief hungry moment, before his lips leave my own. All the breath goes out of him as I land directly on top of him. Reaching for a lit candle nearby, I pick it up and blow it out before holding it at a menacing angle just above him. I'm never really much of a morning person. I turn around slightly. I regret that decision the moment that I push aside the blankets. I'm barely into a sitting position when Daniel shifts behind me and wraps one lean arm around my waist, pulling me back to him. Turning around so that I'm facing him, I nestle closer, my head resting comfortably in the curve made by his collarbone and neck. Opening my eyes, I glance up at him to find him looking back at me with his dark eyes. I decide not to answer that. I'm surprised when he hands the phone to me. By now, I'm sitting up and leaning against the headrest, sheets drawn up around me. behaviour and in his. elated. name! for the gas station. wearing. supposed to comfort the distressed damsel"? it nonetheless. Like Father, Like Son(a story by madforfigs) – 2010. That was essentially my life in a nutshell. I grabbed a loaf of bread, quickly spreading butter on it as the news blasted on the television in the background. My father had left as part of his tour with the National Guard. He was a damn good soldier. And the officer was right - no one could ever replace my father. But who was I to judge? My mom? Essentially, Pat and I were left with nothing. Sure, Pat was there for me every day during the college application process itself, but there were other times I wanted him there. In the end, even with all my scholarships and financial aid, I was simply unable to pay for a full-time college tuition. September 2012. I grabbed my keys from the hook and swung my backpack over my shoulder. I turned around warily, expecting to see a woodland creature. He laughed taking a step towards me. I replied, attempting to cover up my anxiety. I opened the driver side door and leaned down to sit. the man hissed, pulling me up closer. This voice was grittier, more intimidating than this Peterson's and the first guy I had heard. I hesitated briefly and looked over my shoulder. I heard the man open his cell phone and type away numbers as he spoke. I heard the rustling and grunting of men as they slowly flooded through my front door. Nine men were situated around the room, a few of them setting up wires and laptops into the unoccupied outlets. But as soon as I saw what he had pulled out, I nearly fainted. At that comment, I couldn't hold it back. I stood stock still for a moment, taking in the severity of my current situation. Wow, so it's been a while and I really do apologize. Full Summary: Andrew didn't realize he had been delivering pizzas to the same guy for weeks until Jason answered the door with his confession of undying love:  Drew didn't realize this complete creep was actually the love of his life until much later. Warnings: Slash, m/m. Of course the combination of promiscuousness and love at first sight…. 12/13/13: I have received some feedback that the dialogue gets a bit confusing at times. The love of his life; however, knew the love of his life was waiting on the other side. Jason had meticulously prepared for this moment. Drew had begun to wonder recently how the older man ate so much pizza. Drew's cheeks flushed in complete horror. Yes, Andrew's shiver was definitely caused by having his ear fucked by the husky whispering of his insane customer. a very pissed Abe. 'stimulation'. with when we were sober. frowned. I'm nice like that. finding a broken nail. Hayden said. How mature. Hayden and I have been together for six months. Shut up. I ran until I came across a small playground. Maybe I fricken will. And I disgusts me how I trusted both of them so much. What's the combination. . Grrrr. . It was Seth Myers. Seth laughed. The. You're so mean. OH MY GOD! I looked at him. I choked, now staring at his hair. He wanted me to shake his hand. I stayed silent. We were doing jumping jacks, but it sounded like we were doing something else. 1, 2, 3, 4! 5, 6, 7, 8! Mostly because it was right behind me, and directed at me. . Five more bucks, maybe? I grumbled and helped myself up, starting to run again. Oh! We were half away around the field, now. He's coming torwards me, though. Good job, Nancy Drew! He's a boy. He smiled. Cute? He said, standing up. And it was obvious he wasn't getting paid to talk to me. Until the end of the day. Oh. Of COURSE he has a girlfriend. Despite my reassurance, my mother is fretting over me. I glance down at my watch. She hugs me, and it feels like she's never going to let me go. Finally, she's gone. There is one major difference between public schools and private schools, besides the whole sleeping-on-the-same-campus-where-you-learn thing. Suddenly, the door opens. Ah, such a stupid, common name. Haley is looking at me, a look of wonderment on her face. Over the next two hours we debate over who's hotter, Bill or Eric. We go on to talk about how stupid Sookie is. We are forced to end our talk as my stomach grumbles loudly, and Haley realizes that she, too, is hungry. As soon as we walk through the doors of the main cafeteria, our ears are met with the loud chatter of hundreds of high school students. With our food in our hands, Haley leads the way to an empty table. Still chatting, Haley and I stand up from our seats and head over to the long row of trash cans. He looks down at me, his mouth turned down in a frown. Whoops. I shrug. Oh great. At this point, I'm feeling pretty special. Does this mean I'm not special? She straightened her spine, so it wasn't touching the slanted back of the bench. She punched his shoulder. The pigeons broke and scattered, iridescent feathers loose and floating on the breeze. Cin's heart constricted as the family walked off together. Cin closed her eyes for a moment. Damn him for being right. The pigeons squabbled and scattered as a jogger with ankle weights lumbered past. The tirade died on her lips, as did the sinking feeling, for some inexplicable reason. She touched her pointer fingers to the bridge of her nose, speaking deliberately and slowly. It was disturbing how he could finish her sentences like that. Cin giggled. Dear God, why was her face so hot? Her toes curled in her sneakers at the indefinable timbre in his voice. Cin sat very still as a hint of wind traced her face. The ache in the back of her throat made it hard to speak. Cin blinked a few times, pulling her hand from her mouth. Cin didn't know, but she managed a nod. She felt in control of her own mind again. Fingers faintly tingling, Cin pushed against the bench arm behind her, so she knelt on the bench, took Rob's face in her hands, and kissed him. She pulled back a few moments later, hairs on her arms lifted. said Cin. it. at him. result of this mass of cells growing in me. Deep in his heart he knew, but he would never have guessed. He held her close to his chest, making her feel as safe as she could possibly feel. He looked at her; his green eyes pierced right through her—right through her heart. She snuggled deeper, trying to forget the previous events. she whispered, her voice strained; it leaked heavily with raw pain. he whispered and rubbed her back soothingly, but there was undeniable anger in his voice. The next few weeks were agonizing. And just like that. his gruff voice echoed throughout the hall way of her house late that night. He chuckled. He was always there. She glared and sank lower in her seat, covering the stain that he had caused on her shirt. He looked at her confusedly before his eyes looked over to where her attraction resided at. He realized. she asked excitedly, her voice leaking with pure happiness, her eyes wide with delight. She squealed then and threw her arms around him. she smiled, pulling back. That he would do anything. She looked up, stricken at the abruptness of it all, taking in his furious scowl. He sat down, his eyes trained on her intensely. she answered honestly. She looked to the side and saw the said person they were talking about. he finally said, his tone heavy with defeat. He watched her go silently. Just to see her smile. She gasped as he walked in. he told her, his smile not quite ringing through brightly enough. He looked at the window, his own eyes growing distant as he felt the familiar numbness of pain that spread all over his body. A smirk tugged at his lips. He smiled back at her as she stood up and began to walk towards the door. Chase nodded, ignoring his own pain. Okay, so he's my boyfriend. Well, first of all, I don't want to do any of this with Richard because Richard and I are going in opposite directions. And, now here's the real issue. And we ended on really bad terms. You know, maybe I could love Richard if he stopped calling me Izzy. We've been driving for what seems like hours (but really is only around twenty minutes). But at least his car is nice. Finally, we pull up in front of my house, and I'm filled with sentimental feelings as Richard parks the car. And it's not only the tree. I cry, and run out of the car. Carol touches some of my blonde hair. I say. It's official. We start bustling around in the kitchen and dining room while my dad decides to sneak out and watch more television (really, thanks Dad, for all the help. Carol coos. Okay, I lied. I stare at him defiantly in response. I know, how mature. But I don't tell him that. Okay, I probably should have set up some guidelines there. He's going to kill me. But it's not really my fault. Then I get really angry. So I get right in his face, although I'm not very intimidating since Will is really tall. I say coldly. Will looks at me inscrutably for a moment. If anything, I'm egging him on. Oh my god, I have problems! We start blindly moving together, a tangle of legs and arms and lips locked together. I murmur, as I lean down to inspect the damage. I look around, eyes wide. Will grabs the rest and quickly follows. Carol asks quietly, as she sits at the island in our kitchen. Because I don't. Carol doesn't say anything, but she flips her cell phone, which she had been holding open while we were talking, closed. I don't even know why I care so much if Will sees me again. My run is peaceful and calming, and it helps me stop worrying about Will. Okay, so I don't know for sure if the guy's a murderer or not, but he's sitting on a park bench at the crack of dawn with his head in his hands looking pretty stressed. And now, he's realized what he's done and he's really guilty. Whatever, I have bigger problems here, as in, my life (or this guy's life) is in danger here! Then again, this could just be a trap. Oh my god, Mr. Guilty Bench just looked at me from the corner of his eye. Okay, I don't think he did. Oh, god, his fingers are curling around my arm, and I'm getting pulled back. Oh. I stare at him, breathing heavily (not that he has some kind of effect on me anymore. I ask rhetorically. Will responds casually, and I know he's referring to last night (and not the urn, either. Hm. Will looks at me as though I just punched him in the gut. I'm sitting with Richard under the tree. Oh great. Richard goes, and then he reaches into his pocket. Of course you do, Richard. Will! Happy 18th Birthday! Wow. And she was right. Although the changes Will had effected in me were actually good, I hated myself because I hadn't realized anything until Carol brought it to my attention. he says, surprising me by not calling me 'Izzy,'  he knows? Richard says sounding sincere. My what? I say, sounding a little ditzy. You know what? Okay, I can't help it, I just looked. Richard persists, shaking my hand a little to get my attention. Richard says in an annoying sing-song voice. Richard interjects, jerking his head toward Will, who finally stops kissing that stupid little midget (after a whole two minutes, mind you). Richard starts to get up. I hug my knees to my chest and look over to where Will and Little Red Riding Hood were just kissing. Frightened, I leap to my feet. I ask innocently, even though I know exactly what he's talking about. What's that even supposed to mean? Grumbling, I sit back at my tree and grab hold of the poem, waiting for Will to get back. I interrupt him. I say venomously, which was so, so stupid. I cross my arms across my chest and he stares down at the poem I'm still holding. I watch him, paralyzed with horror. Except he won't stop looking at me like – like he's seeing the sun for the first time. And they aren't those soft, heartbreaking little sobs that make your breath catch in your throat. This is exactly why I avoid crying in public. All through this Will is looking at me as though I've handed him the cure to cancer – well, until I get up to the last part about the loving-him-even-though-he-loves-someone-else-now part. It feels pretty nice. I found this one a bit difficult to write, too. No, seriously, I was dead. I loved Christmas as a kid. At eighteen years old, I was struggling to feel happy. Anyway, after that, I just shut my mouth. Now let's forward to a Christmas party, with me sitting at a table and staring contentedly at my mom's wine glass. I raised a glass to my lips and took a sip of water. No, it was not Aaron who said that. I turned around and plastered on a smile. There was no way it could have been my fault when my hand met with the side of his head. I stared at him. I felt my body freeze the moment I heard that name. The moment Fred came within a metre of me, I knew I was doomed. I glanced at Aaron and Cole. He mistook my sarcastic reply for that of a genuine one, because he smiled, as if knowing the whole time that I couldn't resist him. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Worse, it was a slow dance. He didn't move. I almost burst out laughing. Then he did it. He froze. The dangerous edge he detected in my voice made him drop his hands and let me go. He said nothing. The night had turned sour. Ah, yes. I was one among few who mocked this tradition. I froze. I must have said that out loud because Cole followed my gaze, and when he saw Fred, a disgusted look appeared on his face. Then it clicked. No. I was proved wrong. I looked at Fred and saw the worried look on his face. No, he didn't. There was laughter. Then the eighth came. Cole smirked. That was it. The ninth mistletoe. Fred straightened his back and gave me a look which seemed to say,  I gave him a look of disgust and faced the front. All eight smiled and nodded. All right, that was unfair of me. Fred made a bid for the tenth one. Then someone made a bid. I frowned. Suddenly, his eyes flickered towards me. they both replied, firmly and with authority. There was a pause, where everyone exchanged either concerned or confused glances. There was silence. She was pointing at the Stranger. The girls giggled, swooned, and sat up eagerly. And the music played. My family was among the last to leave. Yes, I was definitely very flattered, but who? I looked around frantically. None were looking at me. Slowly, very slowly, I approached my seat. Yes, I was very flattered indeed, but a part of me wondered if it was a joke. Frowning pensively, I tucked the note in my purse and wrapped my fingers around the mistletoe. I showed him the mistletoe. All of them were looking at me. I told Aaron. My whole body ached. I had just gotten off work at the local tavern and was on my way home. The only reason my brother let my walk home without him by my side was because he had taught me some of the basics of self-defense. I was tackled from behind and ended up dropping my leftovers. I could smell the liquor on his breath, and feel the bulge in the front of his pants. I asked nervously. The male on top of my turned me over till he was straddling my legs and I was facing him. He growled menacingly. He taunted. I ran as fast as I could, trying to cover as much ground as I could. He growled. I screamed, punching him and trying to cause as much damage as I could. In less than thirty seconds, the guy had my dress pulled up to my waist and my undergarments removed from my body. I whimpered and curled into a ball, wondering when this awful night would end. I heard a shout and then a gunshot. Right as the bullet hit the wolf, the wolf jumped and landed on top of my brother. It took a little over an hour, but I finally woke up. I carried the rags back into the bedroom and walked over to my brother. He released me with a cry and I crumbled to the floor, holding my throat and taking in the required air. In what felt like forever, but was probably less then three minutes, a beautiful blonde wolf was standing in front of me. My brother growled at me before acting as if he just now recognized me. I whispered as I started to sob. pencil. blankly. complete. house. kiss. Now I won't be getting into the little, insignificant details about how I actually managed to find his little snack hideout, but let's just say it was behind one of the corner video shelves. . And to my surprise, no further than four feet from me, was Matthew Jacobs. . I climbed to my feet within moments, while he stuffed his hands into his pockets and looked down. Not wanting to make the situation anymore awkward, I broke my intense stare and stepped back and towards the other aisle to check out the condition of the  collection. It must've been two minutes later, still with no success, that I noticed a Converse-clad foot trying to inconspicuously push a round disc into my line of vision. Quickly pushing the box set back onto one of the shelves, I got to my feet and made my way back towards the front of the store. Poor boy, I thought to myself as I whistled my way back to the register, a small grin on my face. He let out a short, strangled laugh and worriedly glanced towards the parking lot directly outside the front windows. . Slipping the DVD into a plain black bag, I pushed the rental across the counter. Who knew Mattie Jacobs had this side to him? A full on smile spread across her face, and I opened my mouth to come up with a good comeback, but words failed me. I mean, sure, I'd known him since about the third grade, but it's not like we've ever been the best of friends. But now that I think about it, he certainly didn't fit into the stereotypical nerd role with horrible acne, small, scrawny body, and obsessions with anything science fiction. . Shaking my head, I sighed and rid myself of the rest of the little thoughts floating around in my head. The jagged edges let me know it was freshly torn out of a magazine. I muttered towards my supposed best friend. I stopped complaining to myself as I rounded the corner and my eyes instantly landed on Mattie Jacobs. Okay, I could do this. I reached a hand out and grasped his shoulder, all the while trying to maintain my cool, calm, and collected deameanor. Somewhat startled by his abrupt exclamation, I let out a quick laugh. He broke off his mumbling quickly and settled the pack of chicken breasts back onto the refrigerated shelves. He paused to see my response, so I nodded my head gently for him to continue. A voice whispered into my ear out of nowhere. Not that I'd admit to her the real reason why I was upset. I shrugged my shoulders and reached towards the radio to switch stations. We traveled in comfortable silence for about ten minutes before she pulled into a parking lot. Suddenly feeling shy and out of place, I looked down for a moment. He started his routine of blushing and running his hands through his hair. A broad smile appeared on my face, and I used my hands to identify exactly what he had an obsession with. I merely nodded my head sympathetically and turned to follow the rest of our friends towards the booth they had decided to get together. In fact, I think he was so horrified at what I suggested that for the next five minutes, he quietly sat in his seat blushing uncontrollably, not really listening to anything going on around him. He completely ignored my comment, and kept firm hold of my hand. This only made me flush a deeper, darker pink and I could only hope the rest of the table wasn't paying attention to this little twist of events. Almost hesitantly, my eyes drifted upwards and I almost melted right there of embarassment at the sight of my flushed face and heavy breathing. At the sight of my raised eyebrows, he hurriedly rushed on. Looking over at Mattie to see if he had noticed my little predicament yet, I subtly crossed my arms over my chest. Come on, think fast, Leah. Finally reaching the other side of the street, he paused and turned around. It took him a minute or two before he finally pulled his eyes away, flushed deeply, and averted his eyes towards the stop sign in front of us. The rest of the fifteen minute walk was much more comfortable, and the butterflies swirling around in my stomach only grew. However, not a second later, I felt his hand brush against my own again. In fact, I was so caught up in my own attempt to avoid his gaze that I didn't even notice him stop outside a brightly lit house until I was tugged backwards gently from our locked hands. His eyes followed my tongue and traced its own path all around my lips. My heart instantly started trying to beat its way out of my chest, and my arms wound around his waist, one hand pressing against the center of his back to keep him from moving away. Breaking apart for a much needed breath, both of us panting loudly, Mattie's happy smile remained planted on his face. So this time, I was the one that stood up on the tips of my toes and pushed my lips right back where they belonged. So, being the good girlfriend that I am, I just laughed my embarassment off and let Mattie enjoy his moment. Today was the first day of a new school year. In the mirror, I saw Alice leaning against the door frame, smirking like a total dork. I ignored her, grabbed my school bag and headed off to school. a high pitch scream came from far behind me. Chloe laughed, pinching my arm. I laughed at the irony. She glanced at me and pointed to a guy standing by the front gate. Chloe ran up to the new guy and I reluctantly followed her. Mark was the fallback on the football team who's taken me under his wing, or so he likes to believe. Mark held out his fist for me to bump it. The bell rang and we all went back to our proper seats. I banged my head against the table when the intolerable math teacher, Mr. Hamilton walked in. And in walked the Chloe-stealing future rival from before with his black hair falling over his eyes. I cursed silently. I glared at him. Why? I didn't stop glaring at him. Okay. I grabbed the edges of my table to shift it away from him and Lachlan grabbed my arm to stop me just as Mr. Hamilton started taking the roll. I asked, absolutely appalled. I grumbled. I heard Kylie call out to me. An arm wrapped around my shoulder and squished me into his side. she sighed. I got out my books and went in the opposite direction to where Lachlan was still standing next to Kylie. And see, not only was he the neighborhood cat, but he was an old cat. Yet he had a stare that could make you flinch. The boy who was looking at me went to my school, and I think he was in my grade, but I didn't know his name. He nodded slightly. I glanced back at the cat, who had watched the whole conversation with the same intense stare. The day at school wasn't any better either. I was known around the school, in all the grades, for hand making beaded bracelets. Trista was more along the lines of my own social status. And me? When I arrived at her classroom I found it empty. Before I could say anything else Ms. Sullivan breezed in. I heard Josh shuffle towards the table I was sitting at and he dragged the stool that was next to me as far away as possible before sitting down on it. I looked over at Josh who seemed to give me a look of indifference and he shrugged. Ms. Sullivan responded as she stood up off the table. Feeling a little confused by Josh's attitude I called out a good-bye to Ms. Sullivan as I made my way out of her classroom and to the parking lot. smiled. He asked in a tone that he hadn't meant to use. wolfishly. and moved to lie down. Lizzie moved to the side and grabbed a few bottles. space. You are in my domain. you ain't gonna get very far. have to deal with it". out his sores. eyes. massages? arrogant ass. in his appearance. instead of her light coloring. them to him. do you take me for? grabbed a towel and wiped at his face. low. fine. taking a deep breath". just can't. and disappeared. up suddenly. thanked her and left. Thanks! Summary: She's starting her new job as an Advanced Placement, College Preparation English professor at a small town high school in the hottest place in the country: good, old California. Today was the first day of school for Ariel Brooks. Ariel was smart, not just average smart, but exceptionally intelligent. In addition to being intelligent, Ariel was gorgeous. The male let out a low whistle. Ariel's heart fluttered when she turned the light on and took in the large interior of her new classroom. Though Ariel was only twenty-two, she still appreciated Emily Dickinson, William Shakespeare, Homer, John Milton, and all of the other great authors and playwrights. Ariel noticed a large, glass window on the far side of the room and made her way to it, her heels clacking against the clean floor of the bare room and echoing off the walls. Today was the first day back to school. Not only was he a popular jock, he was also a popular player. The two football players talked until the final bell rang. Layton didn't believe Allan. The former AP English teacher was Mr. Lessaine—or called by the students: Mr. Insane—and he was said to be the worst English teacher known to mankind. Layton entered the designated classroom and chose his usual seat—the middle desk in the back of the classroom. Brenda! Just then the final bell rang, signaling the official start of senior year. But he wasn't looking at the dress. Layton's eyes finally traveled back up to her face where he was stunned. Layton took a quick look around and realized that he wasn't the only male staring wide-eyed at their teacher. half of the class replied. The first twenty minutes of class went like that. Ariel had been looking down momentarily, writing down Layton's name in the spot where he sat on a piece of paper, so she would have an official seating chart. Only, Ariel didn't respond the way Layton had been anticipating, maybe even hoping for. The class gasped. Layton stood up for a few moments before he finally decided that he would probably benefit from obeying her. And Ariel's responses had been so cunning. The rest of the class went by smoothly, but all Layton could really concentrate on was the idea of getting his new teacher into bed. Author's Notes: YOU GUYS, THIS IS DRIPPING IN CLICHES. But he totally had it coming. And, well, it wasn't my fault I had the arm of Superman! So it was safe to say Jack and I weren't the best of friends. This was what he got for coming inside my room just when I was going to drop the towel and change. The problem with Jack was that I had to know him. So after a day of school where I was thinking I'd escaped his oh-not-so wonderful presence – bam! I would say he looked demented but it was a blatant lie. he said, smiling, his amber eyes fixed on me. Jack just continued to smile, like he knew something I didn't. came my mum's voice as she entered the lounge room. Jack brushed his face where my boot had hit him. Well. I was about to say something else when her statement sunk in. From the slight frown on Mum's face and the grin on Jack's, it seemed I voiced my last sentiment. I refused to take it. Horror sunk in. I could breathe again! Jack grinned easily. He merely smiled. I drew my brows together. Then I ran away upstairs to my room super fast. Plan: develop Superman's speed. I opened the door slowly and peeked into the corridor. I took a wary step. I opened one eye; I didn't realise I had them closed. The person groaned beneath me. But I decided to show some mercy on my. Something told me I should apologise to Jack, but apologising to Jack Richards was like going against nature. I blinked. But he was the picture of perfect charm with my family. I blinked. I looked down to my plate. I stuffed a piece of chicken into my mouth and waited for the conversation to go back to where it was. Family stealer. That was what I was yelling beneath the gag that changed my words into muffles. And I'm Too Sexy kept playing. Argh! When the song finally ended, my room fell into silence. I'm Too Sexy started playing again at 3:30 AM. After what felt like an eternity, my blanket near my feet shifted and I could feel warm hands touching my right ankle. When he finished untying the right bound, he started on the left one. Jack had loosened the bound on my left ankle and I wiggled my left leg to free itself. I didn't even bother trying. Jem had one finger pointing at us in shock, the other hand holding the key to my room. Even though nothing happened! The thought of Jack made me want to grind my teeth. I buried my hand in my arms. I tried to drone out her voice. And, unfortunately, her reaction was the same as Jack's as well. Yes, it was. I clamped my hand over my mouth when I realised we were still in the library. She sounded excited. What was this insanity! Besides, who says ravishes? I glanced at the window. I nodded reluctantly. Ravish me. It started an hour later and it was literally pouring. By the time my afternoon History Extension class ended, I found Jack sitting outside. My friends gave me raised looks as they walked past us. I commented to Jack. At least there was the answer. I stared at him. He was crazy. I waved my folder in his face. Both my parents were at work, so that ruled out a car ride. he commanded, motioning towards my books and bags. I let go abruptly. Jack took my hands and placed the folder in them. I took my first steps into the rain with the folder covering my head. The first problem was that Irene was shorter than me. I turned my back to him and continued my search. When I returned, I found Jack sprawled across his bed and asleep. I closed his door again. Okay. Then her eyes took in what I was wearing – Jack's clothes. Neither Jem nor I initiated conversation. In the silence, the walk to school felt longer than usual. For a moment I didn't say anything. I waited for her question, but she didn't ask it straightaway. Every word out of Jem's mouth sounded strange, like it wasn't me she was talking about but some other girl named Sharon. Jem was trying to pull me along, but I stopped her. Jem tried to talk to me, in the mornings before school, during study periods and between classes. I didn't talk to Jack, but it wasn't like I was purposely avoiding him. I sighed. Warm fingers wrapped around my eyes when I was going up the stairs. I just stood there for a moment. If I was prone to twitching, this would be one of those moments. He must have ran up the steps because he was right behind me. And there was every moment he made me feel inferior and all the times he laughed at me. I was shaking. Jack stood up and took a step closer towards me. Neither of us was looking at each other. He released my hand, and it traitorously missed the extra warmth. he said softly. I closed my eyes. My hands started shaking again. I stayed in my room for the rest of the night. I lay against the wall beside my bed. We didn't say anything for a few minutes, but it felt nice, like she was leaving me space and was waiting for me to tell her what happened. I buried my head on my bed. My voice was shaky. All I could see was the glazed look in his eyes when I told him to leave. Neither of us said anything for the next few minutes, and when my conversation ended with Jem, I got up. But it was empty. I said quietly. Mum didn't say anything. I laughed, and the tears in my eyes blurred my vision. and that was all he needed to say to make me teary again. He gave us the talk for his own amusement. Dad ruffled his hair. I felt like thief, trying to not make any noise, but I didn't want him to call the police before he saw me. I was suddenly gripped by how ridiculous the whole thing was. I stood there watching him, paralysed. My fingers rapped the door gently. I held up the set of keys Dad had handed me. I expected this reaction, but it didn't lessen the blow. I chucked the bag that contained his clothes at him. My prepared answers stopped here. I said softly. And I reached the darkness of the stairs when I remembered. I don't know who pulled away first but when my eyes were opened, Jack was holding himself on top of me. The kiss was softer, slower, his finger lifting my chin. I rested my weight against his body. Jack's response was to laugh more. I met his eyes. I couldn't continue. Jack didn't say anything for a moment. I didn't know what to say back. I couldn't stop the grin on my face, and there was only one thought on my mind. It was safe to say Jack brought out the worse in me. Jack started to get up. I couldn't contain the grin on my face. I climbed on top of him and straddled him, kissing him slowly, holding his face in my hands. So why me, God? . No. Rachel squealed and ran for the bathroom before Alice could carry out her threat. I blinked. We have gym together and, naturally, we became best friends since neither of us can run the damn mile in under ten minutes. He waved me off, looking a bit green. I wasn't really paying attention when Mr. Schafer blew the whistle. It was the smell that clued me in. Of course, Matthew Sparks happened to have his locker closest to the door. I shrieked and ran out of the locker room with Mr. Schafer on my heels. No, not Mr. Schafer. Was that normal? I tried to tell Mr. Schafer that it was , which one of my friends in psychology had told me about. So you can see, it's Peter's fault. Uh-oh? I turned slowly. My friends were staring at me, playing the witness observers. Yes! A series mental images flew through my head. I said flatly. The next day, I woke up feeling more anxious than I do for my Geometry tests. Oh, right. I started towards the girl's bathroom to brush out my hair and wash off my makeup so it wouldn't get all gross in gym. I looked up. I was flabbergasted. At that point, the door opened and two juniors came in, talking. Ms. Dawes, the female gym teacher, snapped. I sighed in relief. somehow cold, in her mind's back eye. raised voice. Please be aware that I am not an expert on the subject of blindness. I would also like readers to know that this story has been hugely edited as of September 7, 2006, to tie up loose ends and correct some plot holes, so you may want to read over everything again. Frederick High is a huge school. I guess the thing that first caught my eye was that the boy was wearing sunglasses as he entered the building, and once he was standing in the hallway, he didn't take them off. She wasn't really mad. She really did need to get to class. Jennifer finally turned away, after blowing me one last kiss. I explained. I walked back into the library smiling. I didn't know how to refuse him without being a total jerk, though I didn't want to look. He groaned. I waited at the door until he went inside, and the teacher seemed to have expected him, so I left. The sunlight reflecting on her dark brown hair was beautiful--Jennifer is beautiful. Our kiss ended with the bell beginning fifth period. I watched her run off, her pretty hair bouncing to her step. We laughed, and Mr. Lee looked surprised. he said, stopping to take off his shirt. I was in shock. I nodded, then realized he couldn't see, and reached for his hand, clearing my throat. He found his hold unsteadily, then started down the ladder. He swam as gracefully as if he'd been born in the sea. I almost kicked myself for that one, staring at his body the way I was, but he didn't seem to take offense or anything. What is happiness? Then I wonder, what the hell am I doing, eavesdropping and spying on my brothers who are obviously having a fight? Even though I'm standing so far away, Seth's left cheek is in my field of vision and I can see that the bruise is turning purplish-blue. I hope that they aren't planning to have a brawl right here in the middle of the corridor. I fumble in my school bag for my house key, cursing in my head for not putting it in my pocket instead. I cringe a little at the harshness of his tone. I've never seen Seth get so angry over Jayden stealing one of his girls, though. Seth's jaws are tightening with rage and he's probably about to explode. Dad and Mom don't approve of violence in the house, and especially not among us siblings. Jayden's looking warily at me. Slowly, Jayden turns his head away from me and looks straight ahead at nothing in particular. Biting my lip, I head upstairs, not bothering to stop for a while and ask Seth if he wants a tissue from my bag—his lips are bleeding a little. Dad got home just a while ago and he's probably in the living room watching T.V. Mom's back from grocery shopping, and I curse at my bad luck. I don't even like the song or the melody, but all I want to do is drown out the things that have been harassing my mind non-stop. I pull out my sketchbook and start drawing with my 0. Jayden glances at me, startled at my sudden attack, but the lunge takes him by surprise and it's too late for him to dodge. he snaps, throwing it at me. Jayden mutters to Seth, who shoots him a venomous glare as he moves out of the doorway and heads downstairs after Jayden. I had been positive that Seth had gone back into his room while Jayden had gone to raid kitchen fridge. he sneers in my face, and I raise my bloodied face up to look at him defiantly. Everyone likes him. I stared at him. The bell rang for lunch periods later, so I headed back to my homeroom, hoping that Parker was already waiting for me. he yelled, waving his arm at me and beckoning for me to go over. I take a quick glimpse at my watch before blocking another hit from Seth, with the results of my left arm getting whacked. Parker isn't your friend. A quick glance in Jayden's direction tells me that he's also very tense. Then again, Mom loves her antiques like crazy. Usually, this kind of thing won't faze me. I hate being stuck in this kind of situation, and I hate my two brothers. I've only tried the stuff once, and it wasn't pleasant at all. I won't say that those little red cans weren't tempting—but I'm a good supplier, and I don't sample my product. He waves at me distractedly, nodding and holding up a finger when I point significantly at the blue grocery bag in front of me. I whisper. he admits, eyeing the Cocaine. Tara points out. I mumble. they say, and Roy smiles at me, letting me know it's okay that I didn't sell him an energy drink. I call over my shoulder as I set a brisk pace toward the stairs by the front of the building. It's almost painful to look at him when he's like that: his face is so somber, so contemplative. I don't even know what made me hate him so much—maybe it was the way he was arrogant and cocky, just full of himself to the absolute greatest extent. So when Mrs. Turnipseed—yes that's her real name—partnered me up with him, I felt the insides of my stomach slowly crumble. Alice slapped my arm. I felt disgust in my chest. He grabbed the left side of the paper and slid it to the middle of the table, slipping it out from under my small hands. I filled out the paper quickly. she shrugged, and we walked at medium pace through the school. Alice just shrugged and sat in my fluffy white chair where I did my homework most evenings. Grabbing my sweatshirt, I gave up and walked with her downstairs. I nodded, and changed the subject—Tiffany Vank's house was so loud and congested of teenagers that I could hear the rap music from eight houses down. She grinned and took my hand, and suddenly I was being dragged closer and closer to nasty Tiffany's house party. His long, shaggy hair got in his face, too, but he didn't push it away, instead, he lifted a red cup to his lips and took a long sip. I licked my lips in frustration. But I wouldn't stop running. Alice called my cell phone, but I didn't answer. The next morning I woke up and found Alice asleep on the floor with my purple sleeping bag. I grimaced and got out of my queen sized white and peach bed. Alice appeared at the steps, yawning and stretching her long ivory arms. At that moment I felt a pinch of longing in my chest. I smiled. I felt remorse for her, but also envy. We entered the music store and looked around. The thought that occurred to me on the escalators about my parents swarmed my brain again. Why didn't they want me? Aunt Penny told me four years ago. I looked down at my wrists as I leaned back in the cozy recliner that welcomed me like warm arms. A/N: This story is pure self-indulgence, lol. Then again, the ropes weren't very tight. One of the many beads of sweat clinging to her forehead broke off and trickled into her eye. A shadow passed over the sun, cutting off the sweltering brightness for a few precious seconds. She went back to struggling with her binds. The shadow came again, hardly more than a flicker. Unsettled by her own macabre thoughts, Emelin gave a harder tug and her hand slipped free, making her hiss. Her unsteady fingers were slick with sweat. One of the knots gave, unraveling all the rest. He'd thought that as long as he was respectful, the dragon wouldn't hurt him. And yet, even though he'd known that by lauding the beasts he was making himself and his family a target, he'd refused to stay quiet. she would mutter. From behind her came the sound of flapping wings. It flew up into the glare of the sun, and, even blinded, she couldn't look away. The leathery wings pumped hard as the dragon reared back in mid-air, hind feet striking the ground first, followed by the front. Her first thought upon seeing it was that it looked monstrous; her second was that it looked beautiful. So she stared the dragon down, waiting for it to make its move. Emelin took the smallest of steps toward the dragon. When she was only inches away, the dragon lowered its head. Slowly, she placed her hands on either side of the dragon's muzzle. Seconds turned into minutes. So close, she could see her reflection in those bright green eyes. Looking at herself through the dragon's eyes, Emelin felt much like her mother had. Why was she seeing herself like this? Marge said, giving Mer a dirty glance. It was gone. She said it as if it should be obvious. Before I left however, she smiled reassuringly. Weird, though very entertaining. I looked into my body length mirror and started from the bottom up like I did every morning after getting ready for what the day was awaiting me. My father is the owner of a business called Keegan and company. What I have just found out about my life makes me want to kill my father. My sister and life long friend Michelle sang out coming into my room and slamming the door behind her. I turned back to her and smacked near her attempting to hit her knowing that I couldn't because she was across the room form me. She got off my bed and walked over to me with her hands on her hips. I flipped onto my back and rubbed my hands over my face. I took mental note of that. I closed the door and locked it before thinking about what to wear. I wasn't a slut or anything if that's what some people think. She tilted her head slightly and smiled over to me. I shrugged my shoulders and hung my head. Before going downstairs I walked to my radio and turned it off. I gained bravery and stepped into the dining room. I took a second to think. I sighed and leaned back into my chair. The middle aged man smiled at me. I looked over to Chase and glared. The laughter clamed down and I had the attention of everyone in the room. I sighed. I did what any normal teenager would do and told my dad there would be no way in hell I was marrying someone that I didn't even know. We came up with an agreement. He boomed. I dropped my mouth. He smirked and opted for a seat at a desk where my purple lap top was sitting. I mumbled out like it was nothing just to show him I didn't care that he was talking. Someone walked into the room and interrupted my question. He kissed my hand and left the room. She said then walked out of the room ignoring my yells of her name. Author's note: Hello everyone! All eyes were on Jack Phillip and his date at the Valentine's Ball. Take a look at this picture of Jack Phillip at his Halloween party of last year. Guess no longer at who Jack Phillip's mystery woman is. Well, Andie Shepherd. Gasp! Let's start from the beginning, shall we? Our source tells us that Phillip and Shepherd went into a separate room, where guests could hear  It was Andie who emerged first, and slipped her usual charming smile on her face before disappearing into the crowd. Things escalated after dinner. Judging by the picture that was taken of them on the beach just yesterday, it is obvious that these two are still in love. No wonder Miss Shepherd looks so familiar! JP: Oh, she's great. JP: Well, in this economy, everyone's taken a hit. JP: That would be Andie. JP: Of course. JS: Four kids. At that point, Andie Shepherd herself walked in, and let me tell you, she does have a beguiling smile. Who is Andie Shepherd? Andrea Shepherd grew up on the outskirts of Onyx, and went to the elementary, junior, and high school there. And that was the end of the interview. Not that she was disgusted, by any means. In all honesty, there was something about the happy couple that caused a very tiny piece of her to blacken and writhe in jealousy. Noir was gone. She needed to get him back somehow. The one thing she had going for her was the fact that no one knew she was Bombshell. Her dark eyes flitted over to a picture of her sister. Keirah shifted her eyes over to Jack Phillip. Andie was exhausted when she finally arrived at the mansion. Another sigh escaped from her, this time from her lips, and she began heading down the hall and up the stairs. Andie knew she should be used to the fact that she was living with someone, let alone the notorious Jack Phillip, but there were times when it baffled her to no end. When was the last time they made love, anyways? As she walked over to the shirt, she began to discard her own, deciding to leave a trail of her articles of clothing in hopes to add to the environment she wanted to create. Jack Phillip was probably more exhausted than Andie. There were far too many stairs for his taste as he all but dashed up them, leaving his briefcase at the top of the stairs. Andie let out a sigh but her eyes had yet to be opened, though her lips curled into a grin. That was all Jack needed, and he pushed himself up so he could capture her lips with his. Her hands placed themselves on Jack's bare chest, loving the feel of his skin against her own. Andie let out a low moan, Jack's favorite sound, and he looked up at her, watching her head lean back as her body arched up naturally in response to his touch. Jack's right hand left her breast after a long moment, trailing down the soft curves of her stomach masked only by the thin material until his fingers found the swell of her heat, buried beneath soft, kempt, curls. Andie opened her eyes very slightly, meeting them with Jack's. When her sighs turned into whimpers, he knew she was close. Andie leaned up, toward Jack kissing his lips softly. Jack groaned against her lips, and he twitched underneath the soft skin that was currently touching him. Jack stifled another groan, but did not need to be told twice. Andie's eyes were nothing like Jack had ever seen before, and he reveled in the way they watched him make love to her. Jack breathed as he felt his fiancée's legs coil tightly around his lower back. Jack furrowed his brow, ready to do any and everything she asked him. As he felt himself soften inside of her, he rested his head on her shoulder, not wanting to sacrifice the heat their bodies accumulated through the duration of their physical activity. Andie said, breaking the comfortable silence. The man slammed the book down on the counter with such fury that every customer stopped to stare as a shockwave swept through the bookshop. I looked down at the book, then back up at the man, then blinked several times. Oh, sorry, sir. I suppressed the urge to scream. I glanced with desperation over my shoulder as his words began to merge into one meaningless blur. A librarian. As I sat and brooded over my sad, lonely life, I became aware of a wet sensation spreading across my backside. At this moment, as if to highlight the fact it was a ridiculous season in which to buy ice cream, the heavens opened and it began to pour with rain. Reaching for my broken phone, I instead found a shoe, and looked up to see a boy standing above me. the boy cut into my thoughts. I sunk back down onto the bench, this time avoiding the ice cream puddle, my face creased into a frown. Cheer up. But how had he known? I shut the door behind me and ventured into the backyard carefully, keeping a look out for my vicious dog. I turned onto another street and Sammy obviously picked up the scent from another dog because he started running in front of me and tugging at the leash. I sighed. I smiled at him. Oh my god. I shrugged. He smiled knowingly and I could feel myself blushing, damn my light skin! I asked curious, storing away his 'I play in a band' information until later. He pointed and I followed his hand, although I would have much rather been looking at his face. He shrugged. So we walked together and we talked. Oh My God. He put the pen back in his pocket and walked on down the road. I still couldn't believe that was happen. Oh my God. a/n- I have finally edited and changed the first chapter a little. parents. know. Now- English. opened a blue door. Angela. told himself. wavering fashion. smiled. here. a big school. were only 300 people at my school. Well, that was a lie. kind of way. think that girl had mentioned something about personification. Junior Mills strutted into the building slapping me on the back as he does every Monday morning. And most of you probably guessed that I was lying about being the most popular and prettiest. As for prettiest? And yes for your information I would just like to announce that I am a GIRL! Who's Maddie you ask? Plus that would mean the break up of the cutest couple in the world. Kyle Collins. I say with fake enthusiasm. Man I hate that child so much. He turns. Looks like another normal school day for Sammy Taylor has just begun. Just like to say that this is my first ever fiction so I would love reviews. Author's note: Hi there! He just comes waltzing into my favourite coffee bar, strutting around like he owns the place, and my first thought isn't about what he's doing here. The damn thing looks to be some kind of wool. No, you blind stupid fucker, it's the fucking pope. So, I may have taken the first exit off the high road and am now driving straight through the middle of Resentment County. And you know what? Okay, so maybe I have more faith in fairytales than a normal sixteen-going-on-seventeen (excuse The Sound of Music reference) should, but that doesn't mean I'm completely out of touch with reality. But what about the other two thirds of married couples that manage to survive their relationship hardships and remain unseparated? I stared incredulously at the 'angelic' (my parents words not mine) vision of my younger sister slash self-appointed family fashionista before gesturing towards my baggy, on-sale jeans and grey hoodie purchased from the men's section in Target. she spat out the name 'Nicky' like a sour skittle. We all froze and stared wide-eyed at Hannah in a sort of horrified admiration. Nicky commented dryly flicking her dark brown hair (pretty much the only characteristic we shared) and sashaying down the cement pathway in a pair of three-inch heels like she was competing in an international beauty pageant. According to my parents she was going through a 'normal rough patch that every teenager experiences when merging into adulthood' and that as a family we had to 'support her through this challenging and confusing time in her life'. As I leaned against the doorway waiting for Hannah (a. So maybe someone might have a tiny crush on the boy-next-door but I wasn't stupid enough to think for a second that he'd ever see me as anything more than a friend. Not to mention the fact that a gorgeous, chocolate-haired, green-eyed, smart, funny, popular, perfect guy like him would never end up with an average, mud brown haired, dull grey eyed, boring, nobody like me. Okay, so I admit I may have indulged in the occasional daydream mainly involving me. I squeaked back my mouth suddenly resembling the Sahara Desert. It every ounce of effort I had to stop myself from jumping up and down screaming 'YES! Thanks for letting me know sis. A sinking feeling began to creep up over me as I frantically searched for the hole doing a noteworthy impression of a dog chasing its tail (the ideal way to win over the guy you've been crushing on since third grade. He cleared his throat and gestured as politely as a guy could when referring to a female's backside. Mortified didn't even begin to cover it. I blinked at Caitlin, confused. Her tragic facial expression bore striking similarity to Naomi Watts when on top of the Empire State Building in King Kong . I grimaced. I grinned weakly. I didn't plan on doing it. I even had the whole thing planned out. The sound of his voice made my breath catch in my throat and I had to concentrate to ensure my knees did not buckle. And that's when two things happened. My voice was dull, lifeless – even to my own ears. Caitlin sat there, unmoving from her position on my bed as I poured out the entire story. I was not going to waste any more effort living in fantasyland where Jeremy and I were 'meant to be'. She stared at me with steely determination. I surveyed the scene around me, my gaze falling on Caitlin who was in the centre of the dance floor busting some moves on a poor unsuspecting albeit cute member of the chess club. I jumped, startled out of my reverie. I mentally gave myself a pat of the back for speaking three sentences without stuttering. I gazed at my shoes miserably no longer able to look at him. I couldn't breathe. I think the voice came from me but I wasn't too sure because my head suddenly felt separate from my body. And that's when everything stopped. His eyes lit up hopefully. I don't know how we stood there, grinning insanely at each other like two teenage-sized versions of Luna Park but he took a step towards me and bent over so that his face was inches from my own making my knees all but give out and my heart to stop completely. And of course! Sorry for another Author's Note. "Yea, I only let my clothes get wet. that Natalie. willingness to talk gone. only hear a one-sided conversation. attempting to keep her face neutral. calling me that? a rookie, now knock it off"! visual". already"? you Wolf". A/N: Yep, another one. There was no comparison between them. Back home his house was the biggest on his avenue, and there was no other name for it according to his late grandmother. Personally he thought all of that was total bollocks, spewed by some old decrepit hag. Still, as that stoic man drove along the tiny, rough winding roads he couldn't help but notice there was something in what she'd said. One word command. Sacha yelled after him, shoulders slumping. The front garden was empty, the front door unlocked, and Sacha crept in warily. It didn't take him long to get an insight into his Aunt's character. He was exhausted. She looked so…Frumpy. Oh. He attempted to move slowly, wincing with every inch. More confusion on her part and then she was apologising profusely, offering him food and coffee. She looked embarrassed at his expression, but picked his bag up regardless and carried it off. She was right; it really wasn't much at all. Last time he'd had rib injuries he'd had Conner to help him. By the time he succeeded in undressing and climbing under the heavy quilt he wanted to curl up and never wake up. It took two hours for him to skulk out into the wilderness to find her. Horrified was the best way to describe his face. Ah. He did. When he saw the shops, he wanted that laugh. She was mad. When he walked in the girl behind the counter stared at him, muddy brown eyes fixed to him, assessing him. Ducky? the old woman spoke up and he nodded. The last hour waiting by Emmy's car was rubbish, his iPod ran out, his painkillers wore off and it started to rain. he replied warily, not looking at her. Well that was crap. In the country of Syre, a race of fantastic beings secretly exists than can shift from man to beast. Chapter One: The Dragon Prince –Miranda Haines began working at the palace simply to save her family's home, never expecting to earn more than her keep. Chapter Two: The Idle Beast –After the disappearance of her friend Miranda, Sophie storms into the castle in search of her, only to be charmed, tricked, and trapped by the Captain of the Guard. Chapter Three: The Hunter's Game -Reule has been a royal huntsman under the command of the Crown Prince since he struck his first bullseye. Chapter Four: The Colonel's Battle –Colonel Phavian Merasa Brighilde is known among his men for his cunning, his ruthlessness, and his wisdom in battle, as well as being one of the youngest men to ever be granted the title of colonel. Chapter Five: The Forbidden Song -As a royal huntsman in the King's Forest, Layl is known for his keen eye and sharp shooting archery skills. Originally, I'd first published TDP and TIB as separate stories, but after further thought (translation: I couldn't sleep), I decided that it would be better for the readers and myself if I just combined it into one format. Author's note: This story was purely done on a whim. Please R&amp;R so I know if this is a wasted effort and I can pitch the whole thing! FYI, I don't update based on how many people go , so if you'll just be patient, I'll make memos in Mr. Blackberry and try to keep my self on deadlines, which will be detailed out to you, my darling readers, at a later date. ps~ Yes, I realize Drew sounds like a total Mary Sue character in the beginning. Andrew Calloway was the most beautiful boy I'd ever seen. As we had every day since we'd become friends, Drew and I walked through the woods behind our houses in the early fall of our senior year, which was when my heartbreak over Drew Calloway began in earnest. I said gently, nudging his shoulder. It was his persona nickname for me. I'd managed to sound calmly concerned. I'd fallen hard for Drew the day we met. I said. Drew wasn't straight. The one word held a wealth of masculine satisfaction. I scoffed. I shoved him playfully. I sniffed haughtily. He shouted the words, turning to glare at me. He snorted the word, derisive, and that was the final straw. I moved away from the tree, sat on the ledge that looked down into the rock quarry. Drew's hand came down on my shoulder and I buried my head in my drawn-up knees. I stayed at the quarry until long after dark. I admitted. I replied readily. My calm, gentle-the-beast speech was cut off when Drew backed me, squeaking like a poor maiden, into the wall beside the door. When I said nothing, he tilted his head and put his mouth to mine. Drew's head turned towards the disapproving voice of my mother. She cut off all explanations with that magical hand wave that all parents seem capable of, that turns off the teenage voice like a mute button. Drew clamored out my window to the tree to walk along the branches between our houses to his own window. When I was alone, I undressed and dragged myself into the shower in my bathroom. As I climbed out of the tub, an improbable but not impossible outcome wormed its way to the forefront of my mind. I clicked and changed my screen name, set the status to away. Today, they are still very much in love. When I was born, 4 years later, I was the oldest daughter to my parents, and oldest granddaughter to both sets of grandparents. And that is my family. When we moved into the suburbs, I couldn't adjust too well. The driver opened the car door slowly, cautiously, to avoid making excessive noise, and climbed out. My troubles with sleeping disappeared after that week, and I managed to adjust to my new home. I said rather pathetically. And that was how I met Kieran Westwood. It would have been nice if I had known of her existence prior to declaring my intentions for the world to hear, but my brain had not even paused to considered the possibility. What made it worse, though, is that she was nice. Lily was a tiny brunette, the top of her head only reaching my ear; that would make her about an inch shorter than Kieran's shoulder. I shook her hand, much to the disappointment of all the guys hoping for a cat fight. I didn't approach him after that first day, mainly because Lily's openness had gotten to me. He whispered to the teacher and, having sat near the front, I heard Lily's name being mentioned. That's how I saw Kieran again, two years later. He wanted to know what I had done in the past few years. Little did I know that he was doing the same. The pain in my chest built as I went home that day. As was my habit, I had flown back home to visit her grave. Author's note: Hi there! He just comes waltzing into my favourite coffee bar, strutting around like he owns the place, and my first thought isn't about what he's doing here. The damn thing looks to be some kind of wool. No, you blind stupid fucker, it's the fucking pope. So, I may have taken the first exit off the high road and am now driving straight through the middle of Resentment County. And you know what? Okay, so maybe I have more faith in fairytales than a normal sixteen-going-on-seventeen (excuse The Sound of Music reference) should, but that doesn't mean I'm completely out of touch with reality. But what about the other two thirds of married couples that manage to survive their relationship hardships and remain unseparated? I stared incredulously at the 'angelic' (my parents words not mine) vision of my younger sister slash self-appointed family fashionista before gesturing towards my baggy, on-sale jeans and grey hoodie purchased from the men's section in Target. she spat out the name 'Nicky' like a sour skittle. We all froze and stared wide-eyed at Hannah in a sort of horrified admiration. Nicky commented dryly flicking her dark brown hair (pretty much the only characteristic we shared) and sashaying down the cement pathway in a pair of three-inch heels like she was competing in an international beauty pageant. According to my parents she was going through a 'normal rough patch that every teenager experiences when merging into adulthood' and that as a family we had to 'support her through this challenging and confusing time in her life'. As I leaned against the doorway waiting for Hannah (a. So maybe someone might have a tiny crush on the boy-next-door but I wasn't stupid enough to think for a second that he'd ever see me as anything more than a friend. Not to mention the fact that a gorgeous, chocolate-haired, green-eyed, smart, funny, popular, perfect guy like him would never end up with an average, mud brown haired, dull grey eyed, boring, nobody like me. Okay, so I admit I may have indulged in the occasional daydream mainly involving me. I squeaked back my mouth suddenly resembling the Sahara Desert. It every ounce of effort I had to stop myself from jumping up and down screaming 'YES! Thanks for letting me know sis. A sinking feeling began to creep up over me as I frantically searched for the hole doing a noteworthy impression of a dog chasing its tail (the ideal way to win over the guy you've been crushing on since third grade. He cleared his throat and gestured as politely as a guy could when referring to a female's backside. Mortified didn't even begin to cover it. I blinked at Caitlin, confused. Her tragic facial expression bore striking similarity to Naomi Watts when on top of the Empire State Building in King Kong . I grimaced. I grinned weakly. I didn't plan on doing it. I even had the whole thing planned out. The sound of his voice made my breath catch in my throat and I had to concentrate to ensure my knees did not buckle. And that's when two things happened. My voice was dull, lifeless – even to my own ears. Caitlin sat there, unmoving from her position on my bed as I poured out the entire story. I was not going to waste any more effort living in fantasyland where Jeremy and I were 'meant to be'. She stared at me with steely determination. I surveyed the scene around me, my gaze falling on Caitlin who was in the centre of the dance floor busting some moves on a poor unsuspecting albeit cute member of the chess club. I jumped, startled out of my reverie. I mentally gave myself a pat of the back for speaking three sentences without stuttering. I gazed at my shoes miserably no longer able to look at him. I couldn't breathe. I think the voice came from me but I wasn't too sure because my head suddenly felt separate from my body. And that's when everything stopped. His eyes lit up hopefully. I don't know how we stood there, grinning insanely at each other like two teenage-sized versions of Luna Park but he took a step towards me and bent over so that his face was inches from my own making my knees all but give out and my heart to stop completely. And of course! Sorry for another Author's Note. "Yea, I only let my clothes get wet. that Natalie. willingness to talk gone. only hear a one-sided conversation. attempting to keep her face neutral. calling me that? a rookie, now knock it off"! visual". already"? you Wolf". A/N: Yep, another one. There was no comparison between them. Back home his house was the biggest on his avenue, and there was no other name for it according to his late grandmother. Personally he thought all of that was total bollocks, spewed by some old decrepit hag. Still, as that stoic man drove along the tiny, rough winding roads he couldn't help but notice there was something in what she'd said. One word command. Sacha yelled after him, shoulders slumping. The front garden was empty, the front door unlocked, and Sacha crept in warily. It didn't take him long to get an insight into his Aunt's character. He was exhausted. She looked so…Frumpy. Oh. He attempted to move slowly, wincing with every inch. More confusion on her part and then she was apologising profusely, offering him food and coffee. She looked embarrassed at his expression, but picked his bag up regardless and carried it off. She was right; it really wasn't much at all. Last time he'd had rib injuries he'd had Conner to help him. By the time he succeeded in undressing and climbing under the heavy quilt he wanted to curl up and never wake up. It took two hours for him to skulk out into the wilderness to find her. Horrified was the best way to describe his face. Ah. He did. When he saw the shops, he wanted that laugh. She was mad. When he walked in the girl behind the counter stared at him, muddy brown eyes fixed to him, assessing him. Ducky? the old woman spoke up and he nodded. The last hour waiting by Emmy's car was rubbish, his iPod ran out, his painkillers wore off and it started to rain. he replied warily, not looking at her. Well that was crap. In the country of Syre, a race of fantastic beings secretly exists than can shift from man to beast. Chapter One: The Dragon Prince –Miranda Haines began working at the palace simply to save her family's home, never expecting to earn more than her keep. Chapter Two: The Idle Beast –After the disappearance of her friend Miranda, Sophie storms into the castle in search of her, only to be charmed, tricked, and trapped by the Captain of the Guard. Chapter Three: The Hunter's Game -Reule has been a royal huntsman under the command of the Crown Prince since he struck his first bullseye. Chapter Four: The Colonel's Battle –Colonel Phavian Merasa Brighilde is known among his men for his cunning, his ruthlessness, and his wisdom in battle, as well as being one of the youngest men to ever be granted the title of colonel. Chapter Five: The Forbidden Song -As a royal huntsman in the King's Forest, Layl is known for his keen eye and sharp shooting archery skills. Originally, I'd first published TDP and TIB as separate stories, but after further thought (translation: I couldn't sleep), I decided that it would be better for the readers and myself if I just combined it into one format. Author's note: This story was purely done on a whim. Please R&amp;R so I know if this is a wasted effort and I can pitch the whole thing! FYI, I don't update based on how many people go , so if you'll just be patient, I'll make memos in Mr. Blackberry and try to keep my self on deadlines, which will be detailed out to you, my darling readers, at a later date. ps~ Yes, I realize Drew sounds like a total Mary Sue character in the beginning. Andrew Calloway was the most beautiful boy I'd ever seen. As we had every day since we'd become friends, Drew and I walked through the woods behind our houses in the early fall of our senior year, which was when my heartbreak over Drew Calloway began in earnest. I said gently, nudging his shoulder. It was his persona nickname for me. I'd managed to sound calmly concerned. I'd fallen hard for Drew the day we met. I said. Drew wasn't straight. The one word held a wealth of masculine satisfaction. I scoffed. I shoved him playfully. I sniffed haughtily. He shouted the words, turning to glare at me. He snorted the word, derisive, and that was the final straw. I moved away from the tree, sat on the ledge that looked down into the rock quarry. Drew's hand came down on my shoulder and I buried my head in my drawn-up knees. I stayed at the quarry until long after dark. I admitted. I replied readily. My calm, gentle-the-beast speech was cut off when Drew backed me, squeaking like a poor maiden, into the wall beside the door. When I said nothing, he tilted his head and put his mouth to mine. Drew's head turned towards the disapproving voice of my mother. She cut off all explanations with that magical hand wave that all parents seem capable of, that turns off the teenage voice like a mute button. Drew clamored out my window to the tree to walk along the branches between our houses to his own window. When I was alone, I undressed and dragged myself into the shower in my bathroom. As I climbed out of the tub, an improbable but not impossible outcome wormed its way to the forefront of my mind. I clicked and changed my screen name, set the status to away. Today, they are still very much in love. When I was born, 4 years later, I was the oldest daughter to my parents, and oldest granddaughter to both sets of grandparents. And that is my family. When we moved into the suburbs, I couldn't adjust too well. The driver opened the car door slowly, cautiously, to avoid making excessive noise, and climbed out. My troubles with sleeping disappeared after that week, and I managed to adjust to my new home. I said rather pathetically. And that was how I met Kieran Westwood. It would have been nice if I had known of her existence prior to declaring my intentions for the world to hear, but my brain had not even paused to considered the possibility. What made it worse, though, is that she was nice. Lily was a tiny brunette, the top of her head only reaching my ear; that would make her about an inch shorter than Kieran's shoulder. I shook her hand, much to the disappointment of all the guys hoping for a cat fight. I didn't approach him after that first day, mainly because Lily's openness had gotten to me. He whispered to the teacher and, having sat near the front, I heard Lily's name being mentioned. That's how I saw Kieran again, two years later. He wanted to know what I had done in the past few years. Little did I know that he was doing the same. The pain in my chest built as I went home that day. As was my habit, I had flown back home to visit her grave. caught in my throat. Uhhh . . just seem so familiar". She sat ramrod straight behind her desk in her massive leather rolling chair, her eyes smoky and hair wavy. As the headmistress of Virgil Academy, she was one of the nation's most elite assassins, having personally killed over two hundred men with no record of jail time or police capture. Aven Conroy let out a mighty yawn before slumping into his seat, the edge of his shirt catching onto the armrest. Liana smiled at our presence, and if she found our manner disgusting and sloppy, she mentioned nothing. I had already begun thumbing through the folder's contents. I flipped through the next few pages, slightly confused. I was shocked. I didn't know what to make of it. I rolled my eyes at the typical Aven behavior. I grinned. your brother out. mouth full of beer and smiled. not. A Tale of Two Trucks [© Thea Nishimori, 2010]It was Ford Truck Month, as Mike Rowe announced daily on the TV, and since my ancient van had just given out, I was truck shopping. Thankfully, I'd been getting a lot of work from people who had older homes and wanted to update them rather than buy new, since there was no way their old ones would sell for what they were worth. I had just walked around a nice green truck when another one, in a beautiful dark blue, caught my eye. Perhaps that was why I didn't see the massive guy who stepped out from between My Truck and the one next to it in time to avoid the collision. I gasped, scrambling to get up. he asked, squinting as though he were nearsighted. He did look familiar. We talked for a few minutes on the pros and cons of leasing, even though I had my heart already set on buying, but it gave me a chance to get a good look at him. As we talked, my neck started to ache, since I had to look up at him - he had to be six-foot-six if he was an inch! Joe asked, and I was grateful that he was taking charge of this discussion. I took it out for a spin on the highway, then pulled into a car pool lot to switch places. When we got back to the lot and Joe asked the salesman if he had a more bare-bones version of the same truck, the guy could hardly hide his disappointment, but when I told him that I definitely wanted this one, and he realized that we were each buying a truck, he was on cloud nine right next to me. As already mentioned, this was written for Freak-of-Spade's September challenge. There's something about coming home and finding your boyfriend in bed with another man. Now, I really want to say I'm making all of this up, that my boyfriend is a sweet, caring, gentle man, full of devotion for me, who would never stray. Of course, I do the only thing I can think of: I storm out, slamming the door behind me, and head to the balcony. And there it is. I don't know why, but for some reason I'm fighting back tears. I push past him and head to the living room, looking for the newspaper. Opening the paper, I flip through until I find the classifieds. Well, that sounds alright. I glance at the clock and wince guiltily. After I hang up, I realize I didn't ask his name. I sigh, grabbing my bag and slinging it over my shoulder, then pick up a couple other bags. Egan was asleep when I left this morning, not that I cared. I push through the revolving door and walk over to the desk in the lobby. Smiling awkwardly, I head for the elevator, pressing the up button with my elbow. Stopping in front of the door with a gold plated 603 on it, I suddenly feel my first bout of nerves. A minute later, I hear footsteps and a lock is turned (well, a couple locks). I quickly kick off my shoes and grab my bags, following him. My eyes widen. I peek past him, mouth falling open. I say, taking two of them and setting them on the floor before turning to get the rest. I shrug. Biting my lip, I realize I haven't eaten anything since yesterday. I watch him leave, my smile not dimming. Stifling a yawn, I shuffle out of the room, my stomach forcing me to find the kitchen. I hear singing and poke my head through the kitchen doorway with raised eyebrows. Trying to be a quiet as possible, I tiptoe into the kitchen, perching on a stool at the island. Hunter picks up a knife, still singing and dancing, and turns to a cutting board set on the island. I pretty much run to the bathroom, tearing through the cabinet until I find the kit, then sprint back to the kitchen. He glances at me with a furrowed brow, but stretches his hand toward me without question. I poke through the kit, pulling out some gauze, disinfectant spray, and tape. He nods and I quickly leave the kitchen, heading back to the bathroom. I briefly consider poking around the bathroom cabinets a bit, but decide that Hunter will get suspicious if I'm gone too long. I stare at him, shocked. There are few things movies, pizza, and beer can't fix…even the pain of being dumped. I finish off another bottle, setting it down on the coffee table. He glances at me, raising an eyebrow as he smirks. He blinks at me in surprise, not moving. He nods quickly, standing up and yanking me to my feet. Holding up a hand to shield my sensitive eyes from the sun, I carefully sit up, wincing when pain shoots up my spine. It all comes rushing back to me and my face turns bright red. Holding my breath, I slowly untangle myself from the sheets and slide from the bed, trying not to whimper when my whole body begins to ache. Feeling horribly embarrassed for some reason (maybe cuz I just fucked my roommate on the first night of living here? After spending a long time in the shower, I finally turn off the water, letting out a sigh. Eyes downcast, I pull open the shower door and step out, hand reaching for a towel. Once I'm safe in my room, I slump against the door, dropping my face in my hand. I sigh, trudging over to my closet. After dressing slowly (I am still in pain), I return the towel to the bathroom and head for the kitchen. I am an idiot. I finish buttoning the blue shirt and adjust the mannequin so its head isn't turned around anymore (don't want to creep out the customers, after all…), then jump out of the window display. I lock up the store and start heading down the street, hands in my pockets. As I'm walking, I happen to glance up, and freeze. He looks surprised at that. His mouth falls open a bit, but I guess he can't think of anything to say to that. My ex gives me a curt nod, obviously trying to control his scowl. It doesn't take long to reach the fancy building, since I work at a clothing store in the rich part of town…which is right near the condo. A short laugh escapes me. I head down the hall to my door, digging out the key from my pocket and stick it in the lock. He nods, so I leave the kitchen and go to my room. Hunter's a writer, so he works from home. I look at the plate of food he slides in front of me, my mouth instantly watering. My eyes widen slightly at his meaning, and I look down quickly, my cheeks flushing. I shift slightly, frowning when I can't move. I don't know how it happened. But the point is, I slept with Hunter. Hunter shifts, strong arms tightening around me as he buries his face in my hair. I blink, craning my head to look at his face. Something nudges against my head, and I lift my face to find out what it is…only to be met with a pair of very soft, slightly chapped lips. I'm suddenly flipped on my back, and Hunter looms above me, mouth moving from my lips to trail down my neck. The hand on my ass moves, and I shiver as a finger slides inside me. His other hand slides down my back and lifts up my hips. His fingers slide out, being replaced quickly by something much different. He starts moving, and just as I thought, it hurts like a bitch. He obliges, increasing his pace and practically sending me into convulsions. We keep going like this until finally he pushes me over the edge and I come with a scream, my muscles tightening. He carefully pulls out of me, pressing a kiss to my lips, and plants his feet on the ground. He's extra careful, carrying me to the bathroom. I'm really confused. I nod, letting him set me down. I murmur, leaning back against the side of the tub with my eyes closed. Please tell me I haven't moved in with a manwhore. I have a feeling this conversation is gonna be coming up again. Hunter's words pull me back from pondering the absurdity of our situation. Satisfied, he steals more of my fries. I'm gonna ignore how excited that thought makes me. A victorious grin is flashed my way, making me blush and duck behind my menu. We end up ordering a basket of garlic bread and a bottle of wine to share, the price of which makes my eyes widen. Hunter grabs the wine bottle when it arrives and pours me a glass, reminding me again how date-y this is. Rolling my eyes, I lift my glass and tap it against his for the toast, laughing the whole time. I trail a finger through it, getting as much as possible before raising the digit to my mouth. Too soon the warmth slides away from the digit, and cool air hits it. I am in so deep and I don't think I'm getting out anytime soon. Things seem to be getting more serious between me and Hunter. So I think it's about time I did something. That's it, isn't it? But that's the thing. So I guess it's up to me to make the next move, then, isn't it? I walk over to the window display, hopping up onto the small platform. I step closer, hands reaching for the fabric of its shirt, but am suddenly grabbed. I stare up at him for a minute, thoughts racing. The crooked grin I've gotten so used to splits his face as his arms tighten around me and he leans closer to plant a kiss on my lips. The boy spoke with sweet tone. He explained tiredly. Katja said slowly, looking firmly at him. She couldn't help but to add in a lower tone. Joni closed the door to his room with a loud bang and threw himself on his bed. he started. Misha rolled his eyes, why was it that the brat was always at their house? His thoughts were interrupted by his older brother, without him even making farther than to the hall. Only thing he had complaints about was the sharing of household jobs. After his brief shower and changing to more comfortable clothing, Misha returned downstairs. He nodded and continued his way into the kitchen. He muttered, still busy with the knife. the cheery voice answered. The dinner was ready fast and Ivo insisted that Misha would eat with them, because they were a family. Misha laughed, noticing a pair of brown eyes watching him with a frown. Dima shook his head, rolled his eyes. Joni watched him disappearing into the kitchen, annoyed by the fact that the older guy seemed to ignore him every time. Joni had found Misha attractive from the first day he saw him. Once inside, he stood a moment without moving, just looking at the blond man with his back turned against him. He smiled, looking at the man with curiosity. So Misha was going out on a date? he shook his head. Misha started, and Joni looked up, seeing the man glancing at him  he finished, re-directing his words at Dima, which made Joni suspicious. Taliana Avilla knew from the moment that Sebastian Phillips dropped his beloved vanilla ice cream cone on her lap back in preschool that she loved him. In kindergarten he had stolen her favorite Barbie doll and cut all its hair off. By first grade it was full out war. Second grade was the year of rumors and secrets. But it was then that Taliana began to question her love for him. By fourth grade they had reverted back to their ways of violence. Fifth grade wasn't too different, save for the fact that the violent acts were increasing. Taliana threw a look of annoyance to the makeshift umpire behind home plate as she strode towards the batters box. Taliana could understand why they called her Stick Girl; it was really the only way to describe her appearance. This time a frown came to her lips. Taliana pressed her lips together to avoid the heated argument that was bound to happen and approached the plate a moment later. The only problem now was that she wasn't surrounded by her normal female teammates. But Taliana wasn't like them. She watched as the pitcher smirked, silently taunting her like he always did whenever he was up on the mound. The catcher gave her a sympathetic glance as he tossed the ball back to Michael and returned to squatting behind home plate. The catcher let out a soft sigh and threw the ball back to Michael, who was once again grinning. Taliana turned her attention back to Michael, glaring this time, and waited for the next horrible pitch to come. he hissed. A collective murmur of 'yes' could be heard from all sides. she cried. In an instant Taliana was seeing red. But Talia wasn't paying attention to them. The gasps from the on looking students were louder this time. If Taliana had been like the other girls she went to school with, she would have continued to sit on the ground and probably would have cried her little heart out. The sound of bone crunching and a loud scream alerted her that she had come into contact with something. Her joy didn't last long, though. The sight brought a grin to her lips once more and she knew the memory would probably do so for years to come. Raquel Gallagher, her cell phone clutched tightly in one hand, so tight the hard plastic cut into her palm, exited the sterile, sanity-stealing hospital room. She needed Rafe's input. Closing her eyes, she rapped her knuckles sharply against her forehead, trying to force herself to think more clearly. After graduating from high school, Rafe had moved to California with the garage band he had formed his freshman year of high school, hoping to make it big. She hadn't spoken to Jesse since shortly after the last time she had talked to Rafe. Jesse sighed. She sniffled. He was in a coma and nobody seemed able to tell her when, or if, he would wake up. At her apartment, she scooped up her tabby cat, Azrael, when he butted his tan head against her shin in greeting as she came through the front door. After showering and blow-drying her hair, she climbed into bed. She changed the cat's water, and returning to her room, dressed in a pair of well-worn jeans and a purple, long-sleeved Henley while her pick-me-up perked. Kissing her father on the forehead, Rocky greeted him cheerfully and settled into the chair at his bedside that she had occupied for the past few days. Two hours, and a good-sized portion of the book, later, an orderly came in to take her father down for some more tests. The lullaby finished, she pressed a kiss to his forehead several minutes later with a whispered goodnight, and gathered her things to leave. Exiting the building from beneath the covered portico in front of the main entrance to the hospital, she passed a taxi pulling in to drop someone off, but other than that there was no activity. She turned to find the cab driving away and a tall, light-haired man—a tattered duffel bag at his feet—staring at her. Seeing her reaction, Jesse was glad he had decided to come. spiralling down. was your Christmas"? leaning back against his seat, crossing his arms lightly over his chest. chair, rising quickly and moving towards the door. Not here yet? said dismissively. sexy. Lila Pierce was the top criminal profiler in North America. Lila's curiosity could never be contained as a child, especially when it came to human behaviour. Lila wasn't interested in the murders committed by the insane, passionate, vengeful or greedy. She did. A guarded secret unbeknownst to all but a select few in the world was that Lila herself was one of the best assassins money could afford. The one man who introduced her to his world teasingly called her an avenging angel for she never killed anyone who she felt didn't deserve it. The Raven wasn't her secret nighttime life. She had just finished dying her hair strawberry-blonde when The Raven's cellphone rang. she asked, though she knew there wasn't. she asked as she popped in her contacts. Lila checked her watch. Lila frowned while she shrugged into her blazer. she demanded, which was unprecedented. Lila sighed. I closed my eyes and sighed as when the flight attendant finished speaking. I blinked out of pure surprise. I was about to laugh, but then I realized that he was actually being serious. It was surprisingly good. I had no idea what any of that meant, but his whisper had sent a shiver through my body. Near the end of the movie we were finally cleared for takeoff, but I couldn't really focus on either that or the movie too much. I found out that Charlie was a senior in college who wanted to become a finance professor. He asked me if I had stopped by the Art Institute of Chicago. He paused, as if debating something with himself, and then plunged on. I had another interview, this time in Houston. I sputtered out in a half shout, half laugh. Then, without warning, he grabbed my hand and dragged me up. This stranger I had kept bumping into was holding my hand, and I couldn't help but think about how much I liked it. I turned a beet red. There was one awkward pause that seemed to drag on. I wanted to say more, but I was too shocked to say anything. I should've said something, anything but  I had hoped to run into him again at another airport. I was excited to be home. I stood there, mesmerized by the sight. I knew my face was beet red again, but this time I could care less. I gave my father an over-exaggerated eye-roll, and returned to my conversation. I laughed. Sure enough, the infamously prevalent coffee shop was nestled in between a news stand and a souvenir store, and we sat down to cold drinks and biscotti while we waited for the new flight schedule to be announced. I followed my parents as we made our way toward the terminal, thinking about the impending party. one of the guards said, waving me off. I frowned, but smoothed my features as I turned back to my parents. My mother smiled sympathetically and patted me on the back from the seat beside me. I sat quietly while the flight attendants ran through the perfectly-choreographed routine on airline safety. Soon we were pulling away from the terminal, and I forced myself to relax. The plane took off without incident. The entire plane was shaking. It was several more minutes before things evened out, and the seatbelt sign turned off again. I said absently, standing up and sliding past my parents to reach the aisle. I ran the water for a moment or two, and then splashed some on my face. the reflection said calmly. I tried once again to speak. That brought something out in me. My foot hit the door, and it made an enormous sound. he snarled, pulling away from me completely. She'll never believe that, I thought dizzily. I looked down at my hands. He smirked, then drew my hand up toward him. With a satisfied smile on his terrible, pale lips, he reached over to unlatch the door. Eyes followed me as I shakily made my way up to my row. Compared to the other packages she'd received from him, it was relatively tame. She wrapped the soft, brown cardigan closer around herself and sought the comfort she always got from the material's embrace. When he was in Northern NSW the lump of quartz still embedded in the rock had arrived with the note: You can't move for this stuff up here. The Darth Vader stable table he'd found in a Country Women's Association craft shop on the Eyre Peninsula. The old cameras had arrived a couple of months apart from each other, found in remote op shops and each with film still in them. But it was the dolls' heads, unnerving as they undoubtedly were, that she loved best. Firstly, don't freak out. I'm couch surfing my way through Perth at the moment and last night I stayed with a couple who have a four year old girl. I don't know much about dolls and, frankly, these heads give me the willies, but the stuff about the 'best bits' got me thinking. Considering all the weird things she'd tipped out onto her bed from him, it was the no note thing that was the real kicker. Reaching across to her side-table, she snatched up her mobile and dialled Jeffrey's number. she stammered, searching desperately for some excuse that wasn't as completely pathetic as the truth. That was the shameful truth, one she'd been forcing herself to face for weeks now. It was Jeffrey's voice she heard, but it was coming from the wrong direction. Oh God, she had too! And then he was striding across the room and grabbing her wrists to slowly draw her up off the bed until she was standing in front of him. I wrote this for the A Drop of Romeo (ADoR) Star-Cross'd Round III Battle of the One-Shots prompt. The blindfold increased her other four senses as she knelt on the floor of the room. She had lost all hope of defiance and rebellion after her first punishment here. The man—Eugene—walked up to her. And that was exactly what Giselle did. Giselle obeyed. But not today—or tonight? Giselle was shaky on her feet. She followed Eugene out of the room that she had been in for at least one week. Eugene whispered in her ear as his fingers went back down to her hairless folds. She waited and waited. Giselle thought it was strange that the silky voice hadn't tried to touch her, hadn't explored her body. It felt like hours, maybe it had been hours, but finally she felt the heat of the lights dim around her. His silky voice sent shivers down the young girl's spine, and she was relieved and scared to know that it was the man who hadn't touched her. He chuckled lightly. The man guided her towards a waiting car that was parked a few feet away. She quickly lunged for the door, forgetting about the blindfold, hoping only to get out of here. Giselle bit her quivering lip, hoping to subdue the whimpers that were trying to escape her lips. A strong hand grabbed her bound wrists and forcefully guided her out of the car. Giselle very carefully climbed the steps to the awaiting plane. He made no reply, but powerfully set her right and nudged her forward inside the plane. Jayden Holds looked down at his new toy. Just then, Jayden heard the soft, rhythmic breathing of Giselle and felt her relaxed body leaning against him. Jayden then decided this would be the perfect time to review her paperwork and learn more about her. She had almost escaped when she had been first kidnapped. Jayden put her paperwork away, knowing enough about her. Giselle slept peacefully. the silky voice ordered, and Giselle knew better than to disobey. Giselle nodded slowly and turned her head away from the voice, still frightened from the intensity it could muster. Giselle jerked backwards, when a fork gently touched her closed lips, surprised. Giselle was smart. And this time Giselle complied. It wasn't as difficult for her as she might have thought it to be. Giselle shuddered from his words. Giselle huffed haughtily in her seat and crossed her arms over her chest, put out with this whole situation. Also, check out my website (click the link on my profile) to see the start of this story's webpage. She is shy and timid; he is loud and brutally honest. What's this? Im not going to lie, he looked pretty stupid. i said, unable to control myself, bursting into a fit of laughter. A lot. I know, I know, of course everyone capitalizes… wrong. Under NO circumstances should there be chat speak in a story. DO NOT even think of using 'lol' 'rofl' or 'lmao', because that is ridiculous! One exclamation mark is more than enough, no matter what the situation. Do not use the same adjective five times in a string of sentences. My alarm clock beeped loudly, waking me from a delicious sleep. Start it with something interesting. Second of all, no guy in his right mind would ever get a tattoo of the name of the girl he's in love with. I opened my closet and pulled on a pair of American Eagle faded skinny jeans. I loathe hearing about what brands of clothing the character is wearing. I had thick brown hair that was medium in length. How do we find out what the character looks like? Tell us how much your character weighs perhaps if she's lost weight. Interesting summary and title. Update often. Go over your work at least three times before publishing. Thesaurus, your best friend: I mean it. ATTENTION: SOMEONE STOLE MY STORY, THE GAME, AND PUT IT ON QUIZAZZ. Full Summary: When Jenna was six, her mom dropped her off every morning to be babysat by a friend; a friend with two boys. I said indignantly. I stuck my bottom lip out and pushed out one, big tear. That made me want to scream even louder. It's not a straight-forward kind of explanation. I get rules. Summary: The year is 1835. The day Lord Lucius of the dark house on the cliff died, it was said the devil himself drove the carriage that took him to hell. And the devil waited. The two girls made their way along the cliff path that led to the Stanton family home, modest by some standards, grand by others. She kissed her mother's thin cheek, not surprised at the formality of the welcome. Elizabeth blushed crimson at her aunt's words, suddenly feeling like a prize cow on display at the marketplace. But the reality had not matched the dream. She followed the little party into the house, only half listening to her mother's prattling. She patted her hair and pinched at her cheeks to bring some colour into them. I am not a monster, yet I cannot be a proper man, and this loneliness eats at my soul. Damien snapped the journal closed and threw the quill pen into the inkpot. he observed with difficulty, screwing up his eyes and looking the young man up and down. The woman finished knotting up her hair and secured it with a pin. he said drowsily, feeling the draught taking effect. Tara stood stiffly and smoothed out her skirts. Alex continued dabbing at the wine stain until his mother's footsteps faded, then he got up and reached for the candle-stick. He extinguished the candle and made his way back to his room, rubbing at the front of his breeches. noticed Jake glancing over. equipment was not proper…. school soccer team, which only sported the best players in the school. I have nothing with gays and stuff. Wow. to write a disclaimer. the story. Not just a small drizzle. rain. that his father had been killed on a rainy night. the Friendly Three. Pryce. that he was incredibly sexy. Adrien Coal. alluring emerald green eyes. Alexander Fury, who simply went by Fury. had a deep voice that could send shivers down the strongest spine. And his body. would want a taste of him. sex crazed haze. was twenty. tall as the boys in his school, but to his pack he was tiny. of the females were jealous of him. didn't move. have Adam. of the other two. his cheeks heat up as he noticed this. thing he needed was to fall for Adrien. you would. Bitches' Dance. Adrien. "Hmm. to fight for someone. seen the change through all the rain anyway. "Oh, yeah. kitchen door opened. ever seen. thinking of the new stranger the whole time. City. note of despair. bring it on! shivered at how his name sounded coming from those lips. deep voice. decided. of the cake in under five minutes. "That hurt. and. amazing, and because he had gorgeous eyes. hair looked sexy all long and braided down his muscular back. enough to touch. example. didn't like being told what to do. very much like to go. treat. should you have to go with them? gazes. bigger wolf. been me. ones. forgive its suckyness! Brock Masterson looked around the lunchroom, a very bored look on his symmetrical face. Gabby thinks her life could rival even the cheesiest of soap operas. Most of my characters are high school seniors who are only sixteen-years-old, so you might be confused about that. My brother didn't treat girls like dirt, but he didn't stick with them for very long either. Marcus tried to look nonchalant, as I glared at him from across the table. My name is Gabby Ramirez, and my greatest fear was about to come true. Lotus Pond was brimming with people. I stared at the food in front of me, and realized that I'd lost my appetite. Pa sampled the pork chao fan from my mother's plate without her knowing. Marcus looked at the door, and glanced at his watch. Marcus was older than me by eleven years, but that didn't stop us from being close. But his taste in women wasn't one of the things I could be proud of. At that moment, Tara Ongpauco walked into the restaurant. While the adults talked, I watched Tara. Everything happened more than a year ago during junior year. Sure, I knew they were good-looking, but I didn't see their appeal beyond that. Nonetheless, something set him apart from his other friends. He never would've if Lance Ordonez, his best friend, hadn't spread around school that I wasn't a virgin anymore, a by-product of a one-night stand we supposedly had. He started asking about me after our first exams. I wasn't sure if I was falling for him, until he ate lunch with me and my friends one day. We became an official couple two months later. Isabella's party was on a Saturday night. I turned on the faucet, and cupped my hands under it. I was going to get through this dinner without hyperventilating. Someone had taken the seat next to mine. I let out a bored sigh, and forced myself to look. The man in the cell was called Itachi Watanabe. I'd read his file. It had been a silent entry. I stared at the pathetic man on the screen, at the mess he had been reduced to over the last twenty-four hours. Yesterday morning a handful of computers in L7 had crashed, all of them part of the same network. Our IT people had checked out his home computer, which he had been stupid enough to use. On the monitor his lips were moving as he spoke with a wild-eyed desperation that implied he was ready to talk. Ricky Morelli was a thug, with inside connections to the Italian mafia. Morelli did not like me. I took the elevator down to B1. After a wild look around the room, he plunked himself down in the chair. I had anticipated the lie but it still pissed me off. I shuffled the papers, revealing the second printout of the e-mail. Watanabe made a wild lunge for the radio from across the table. He drew his hand back as though he'd been bitten. As the doors whooshed closed behind me, I pressed the button on the radio once more. Adrian Callaghan was one of the few men I had to look up at — 6'7" at his last physical. Callaghan smiled, revealing slightly crooked teeth. What? Goddammit. A glossy eight-by-ten color photograph topped the stack. The wife, on the other hand, could be a problem. he repeated. He clapped me on the shoulder. In pop science, there's this phenomenon called the butterfly effect. It was stupid, careless — completely unlikeme, in other words — not to have finished it the night before. I looked down at the text that had woken me up. Had the instructor even mentioned homework? The response was quick. Please. I stared at the window and sighed. I tried to complain about this, but most of my friends were unsympathetic; they couldn't understand why I was making a big deal over something as unimportant as the color of my walls. Oh, there were traces of my presence if you knew where to look. I dressed quickly, avoiding the mirror. I muttered, grabbing my bag from my desk chair. This was how deeply my mother had insinuated herself into my life. I found Mom in the kitchen. With a surge of irritation, I resisted the urge to check my own hair. That was leggings, a blue knit dress, and flats I had bought on sale from Target for ten dollars. Annoyance flickered over her features at the comparison. Strangers always said we looked alike but they were just being polite because that was were the similarities ended. I waited for the spiel to end, knowing that arguing would make things worse. Her tone managed to achieve the perfect balance of sympathy, criticism, and moral superiority. I could feel the heat creeping down my neck and knew I looked like the very portrait of guilt. What a joke, coming from a woman who worked for the fashion industry. Mr. Next-door startled from watering his lawn and stared at me with an alarmed expression before retreating inside. I suppose you could blame it all on me and Diane. Dee: I'm so obsessedRenee: it's sad but trueDee: it's pathetic. And that was the start of POGA. THE GREAT PRETENDERChapter One:Rumor Has It. socks off! Because I Fell For YouOne-Shotby IncapableDreamsThe looks that people were shooting at me didn't bother me. I said in a deadly calm tone. I answered. All I could do was think why, why me? I gulped and right at that second, my eyes made contact with his. I did the only two possible things I could do: One, I threw my two best friends in front of me (while letting out a scream). I made it a block away from school before having to use a street pole as back support from exhaustion. I've been hanging around Samantha a little too much. Travis assured the women that he'll take care of me. Wanting to stop kissing the sidewalk, I rolled over onto my back. He stretched out a hand, offering to pull me up. I couldn't help it. My eyes flew open. I childishly stuck my tongue out at him before running off. I said. My extremely laid-back teacher was too busy playing cards (yes, cards are not allowed in school) with some of the other students. Twelve tries later and my locker still wouldn't open. My cheeks matched the redness of a tomato. Before it even registered in my now peanut of a brain, his body was pressed against mine with my back glued to the lockers. he said, smiling. He called me 'cute'. And right before my eyes, he fell. If you have any problem at all with any of these, you shouldn't read this. Nate settled down onto the stairs, feeling like the universe was against him and his quest to be a good person, and watched Miles pull a little baggie of weed out of his leather jacket's pocket. First hit was almost always the best. Nate could almost see it, despite his eyes being closed, because the scene was so familiar. He'd been twelve when he'd met Miles. Nate blew out another lungful of smoke. Just like that, things dimmed. Miles inhaled, cheeks hollowing out, and slanted his eyes sideways. Miles said, snickering out smoke, slinging his arm around Nate's shoulder. Nate stayed quiet. Nate said, staring straight ahead. Miles had perfect cheekbones and blue eyes and the muscles of someone who worked out. It was the fucking Spring Formal, and Nate had accidentally outed himself to his very straight, very high friend. They were playing shitty rap in the gymnasium, Nate could hear it through the wall, and he almost wished he was inside the gym, dancing, instead of having this conversation. Miles took a long, contemplative drink from the flask, then capped it and shoved it back into his jacket pocket. Miles muttered his thanks and bent his head into his cupped hands, a brief spark lighting up his lean face, before he leaned back and exhaled a cloud of smoke. Fuck, Nate was high. The world was beginning to spin, a bit. Upside-down, Miles seemed especially serious and strange-looking. Miles said, and resumed smoking, though he let Nate stay on his shoulder. This time was not quite as funny. Nate jerked back. For some reason Miles had apparently taken Nate's declaration that he wasn't female as a free pass to do whatever the fuck he wanted. Looking at Nate, Miles very deliberately licked his lips, and smirked when Nate couldn't help but watch. When they broke apart, Miles' voice was rougher than usual, ripped up by the smoking and lack of oxygen. He could feel Miles' grin, and then they were kissing for the third time, and it was definitely better and even if they lost their friendship completely it might be worth it because Nate had never felt that way, ever. They both looked at each other, and despite the sudden air of awkwardness, Nate started to laugh. Slightly disappointed that there would be probably be no more making out, ever, Nate tried to get up and found his knees were unable to support weight. A sure signal the dance was winding down, the music has gone from Daft Punk to the opening riff of Forever Young, which Miles probably should've been dancing to with his on-again, off-again girlfriend who'd probably blown him in the bathroom during one of the slow songs. Nate almost tripped again, but this time it was from hearing failure or something. They were headed across the field, down the little path that led to the back alley where Miles had parked his crappy car. Miles kissed Nate on the cheek, sloppy and affectionate, and Nate grinned. Then Miles grabbed Nate, slammed him against a tree, and pinned his hands over his head. Nate realized his eyes were closed and opened them, only to find himself looking into Miles' smirking face. Miles ran his thumb along Nate's bottom lip, keeping his hands pinned with the other and leaning into him heavily. Touching his lip, Miles looked over at his with narrowed eyes. Miles had an old purple automobile, affectionately referred to as either the rapist van or the drug van, that he got around in because he couldn't afford a decent car. Nate thought he'd know mostly everything about Miles. Nate finally relaxed into it. Miles said, nibbling on the skin right beneath Nate's jaw. That startled a laugh out of Miles, who spread his hands out across Nate's chest and stalled out, watching the way his skin was prickling. Miles suddenly announced, and launched himself into the front seat to start the van. Miles declared, and his grip around Nate's wrists tightened. Nate said. Hands trembling, Nate yanked at them, managing to slide them off enough that he was in his underwear, pants still wrapped around his thighs. Nate yelped. After a blissful few moments of complete black-out, he came back to Miles making a face and wiping his hand on Nate's hip. Miles sucked in a breath, and so did Nate, before he finished the job and had Miles lying naked in front of him, completely hard and flushed. Miles grabbed Nate and hauled him until his back was pressed against Miles' chest and he was trapped within the circle of his arms. Nate hesitated for a second, and then turned around so he was facing Miles and kneeling between his legs. Nate leaned forwards and kissed him softly, cupping his cheek with a hand. Miles reached up and touched Nate's forehead. Nate stared down at him. So there's this new kid. the teacher said, pointing his finger towards me. I asked, receiving the blinking stare of utter confusion I had hoped for. This, my friend Amy tells me, is why I don't have a boyfriend, or many friends in general. Anyway, who needs a boyfriend? And then the whole messy issue with breakups. Amy and I are about as different as they come, so don't ask me how we became best friends. She's not a clone, though, despite her female cliché tendencies. I, on the other hand, am not pretty and do not want to join the Peace Corps and help people. But the point is that due to her pretty/daintiness, the new guys naturally go for her. he said, doing one of those weird little guy head nod thingies. he said, looking right at me,  I nodded. I said, trying not to look at his eyes, which were blue. I smiled a bit at that. Trust Amy to go,  and blink at him. After the initial surprise, I tried not to make a face, or start yelling at him, which I would usually have done. I stomped over to the condiments table, only to find that they were completely out of towels. But you know who was standing there? I tried to walk away, but it was no use. I said, turning bright red against my will. I demanded, punching the blow-dryer button again since it turned off. he roared, hurling a piece of chalk at this kid's desk, causing him to jump about twenty feet in the air. All was going well until the computer club meeting after school. I smiled. His was good. Better idea? Advice to all active and potential sleepwalkers: For the personal safety of yourself and others, please ensure that the windows and doors to the room in which you're sleeping are securely locked. Seconds later, a series of dull thunks resonated all around the vessel. I half-crawled, half-floated to a corner of the dark room, meaning to stay there until those brainless Great Whites decided to leave me alone. I almost died on the spot. Not wanting to die a slow and oleaginous death, I squeezed my eyes shut, grabbed the octopus by what I hoped was its neck, and started strangling and yelling bubbled war cries. . My eyes snapped open. He continued staring like I had been freshly admitted to some asylum. The alien slinked its way to the entrance of the storeroom, and shone the glaring spotlight at the top of its head at me. This is it, I thought, pressing myself against the far wall of the tiny storeroom, which the Martian deliberately tiptoed into. Cotton. I found myself slurring even while attempting to be cross. Throughout my ludicrous request I vaguely wondered what it would be like — splendid like gold? He pushed me down against the bed by my shoulders, gasping. It was painfully simple, really. I muttered, watching from a safe distance at the giant reptiles finished the dinner 1'd prepared for them beforehand — turkeys stuffed with an astronomical quantity of sleeping pills. I burst out laughing maniacally despite the hard landing on the other side. Whatever could be inside there? Only it wasn't a treasure chest that was under my body. You're welcome . I was at a wretched loss of words. He didn't restrain me as I finally managed to scramble off his chest — which was still heaving — and stumbled back into my room, dizzy with both shame and rapture. With an irritated sigh I leaned back down onto the pillow and flailed my free arm randomly to switch off the lamp. Meaning I would have one whole weekend to yell for someone to release me from my self-afflicted bondage. I closed my eyes. With a half-strangled shriek I sat up straight — and saw that my body form the waist below was submerged in water. And this time both my wrists and ankles were bound. Well, not exactly. But try as I might, I couldn't bring myself to work on my Achilles' heel — his proximity, I finally deduced — or to stop my raging hormones from spinning and bursting out of control right under him. It's not a dirty little crush, I wanted to tell him. Teasingly he tut-tutted at me, and pulled the digit out once more. Being tied to this bed in exchange for a romantic tryst with him suddenly didn't seem too unfair a deal after all. — or maybe not, I decided drowsily. A/N: This is boys' love (/warning), but not overwhelmingly so. He was going to die. Malin was, in truth, from a humble upbringing. His third brother, Cedrick, had been taken away two years ago by priests from the Temple; he had been Chosen by the Goddess to become one of her hands, her priests. Malin, in comparison to his siblings, had inherited his mother's looks and his father's stubborn temperament, and he was the scourge of the baker's wife for his adept pilfering of the occasional pastry. It had been during one of these tasks that everything changed for Malin. It had always been a childish dream of Malin's that he would one day see for himself what lied beyond those vineyards. Malin hated being hungry. It was a glorious event for the Empire, and rumor around the village was that such festivities as would be held today had not been seen since the old Great Emperor's passing on twelve years ago. He had gotten wine and sweets then, too, but the atmosphere had been subdued and altogether too serious for a boy of his age and attention span. It was thoughts such as these that danced and fluttered through Malin's mind as he stepped carelessly along the path, the buckets swaying on their hooks with his movements. It was as he reached the dirt road again that the sound finally grew loud enough to draw his attention. Malin's eyes darted off to the side, as if now contemplating escape, and the buckets of water felt heavy and uncomfortable. The youth stared nervously up at the man's leather armor, his eyes falling upon the short sword at his side, and the horse snorted at him. And now the man wasn't speaking to him but rather to one of the other men. At length, the priest spoke in a quiet, monotone voice,  and withdrew to remount his horse. It was not long, or so it seemed, before he awoke and realized the gravity of his situation. The cart settled back into a regular, if bumpy, movement, and Malin rolled onto his side. Once his vision adjusted, his mind tried to process what he saw, and a mix of fear and adrenaline shot through him in response. It was late afternoon, nearing evening, and the sun hung high in the sky. He reached up to brush his disheveled hair out of his face and rub at his forehead, and his hands caught together, reminding him of their binding. It made sense, suddenly, why they had asked him the questions they had. His blood ran cold and hot simultaneously from a peculiar mix of fear and anger, and he redoubled his efforts on the bindings. The semi-forested terrain gave way to grassy plains, and the sun began its descent in the sky. The thought was persistent, but Malin only allowed it to hover at the edge of his consciousness and instead focused on watching their surroundings. When a hand grabbed his shoulder and gave him a great shake, he could no longer keep up the pretenses and scrambled away from the man. With that, he left, leaving Malin stunned and clutching at the stale roll hard enough to make it crumble. Malin spent the next hour or more dully turning the thought around in his mind and the roll around in his palms. He didn't want to die. Why had something like this happened? The cart shook again some time later, heralding the entrance of one of the men. He turned then, stepping from the cart and gesturing for Malin to follow him. Great buildings stood in the distance, white monoliths standing out against the evening sky, and stone walls wrapped around them in a possessive embrace. He was so absorbed that he didn't even hear the second armored man approach. Malin nodded, even though he had no intention of obeying someone who planned to kill him. Steadily and inevitably, the city grew closer, and it towered over them. It was very dark now, and the only light to see by was cast by the odd torch secured to the outside of a building. Strangely, though torches were lit in varying degrees of frequency, the city felt … well, abandoned. The guard nodded, and Malin was pushed inside. The guard was nudging him along, and Malin stumbled to obey without noticing that the priest wasn't following. the guard retorted, suddenly grabbing Malin's chin and squeezing his cheeks together. Without a word, she started to shift her grip to his arm and then paused. As the cords fell away, Malin found himself looking with surprise at the torn skin beneath them. She disappeared back through the door, and Malin looked down at the white cloth in his arms and back up at the girl hiding in the tub. Malin started, spilling some of the water outside the tub. He finished dumping the water in the tub before turning around to face her, forgetting temporarily that she was bathing. The girl swirled a finger in the water and brushed self-consciously at her wet hair with the other hand. Malin said, and then he started to strip. Malin stood up, water falling around him, and Laurel looked away again, but this time less out of embarrassment and more out of politeness. she asked, reaching for her own towel. A guard stood there, averting his eyes, and Malin noted that he wasn't the same one that had talked his way into getting Malin a bath. She nodded at him, tight-lipped, knowing that he spoke of her falconer and not of the Great Emperor. Malin frowned but sealed his lips and didn't struggle. Malin turned to find the room filled with a dozen or more others dressed in white robes like his. Several men had entered, all dressed in priestly robes, headed by a man who wore more decorative robes and facial paintings. one of the priests said, and he had an air about him that demanded obedience. One of the young girls, standing to Malin's left, began to cry. Malin listened, perplexed, and wondered if anyone here had actually come voluntarily. The head priest gestured towards one of his followers, and the lesser priest shut the door with a quiet click. Malin glanced nervously at the closed door, wondering when he'd next have his chance at escape. At first, Malin's voice wouldn't come to him. A priest stepped forward to gently take him by the arm and persuade him to obediently follow the head priest from the room. It felt as though his heart would explode if it beat any faster. After leading him from the chamber with the other potential sacrifices, the Head Priest had briskly explained to him his duties for the night. Now they were leading him outside, the guard behind him guiding him with an inconspicuous hand on his shoulder. The guard behind him tapped him on the back of his heel and said something quietly, and Malin bumped into the base of the pedestal before realizing that he had been signaled to step up onto it. Malin gripped the knife and stared blindly ahead. The knife felt heavy in his hand, reminding him of exactly why he was here. He must escape, Malin decided firmly. When the chimes rang without warning, Malin hadn't even had the chance to form the bare bones of a plan. The world, in his sightlessness and panic, dissolved into chaos. Suddenly, the blindfold was gone, torn off and tossed aside, and Malin found the abrupt recovery of sight disorienting. someone yelled, cutting through the haze around Malin's mind, and the copper-haired boy stiffened, realization dawning. But, glancing up, he found the idea less difficult to accept at the sight of dozens of guards standing just outside the circle of candles he and the Great Emperor were in. Slowly, the Great Emperor spared a restraining arm and set his hand upon Malin's cheek. Nevertheless, that was exactly what Malin was doing. Strangely, feeling forgiven made Malin feel twice as guilty, and he jerked away, dropping the knife to the stone ground with a dull clatter. He rounded a corner, breathing hard and feeling hot and clammy despite the chill of the early morning air, and he collapsed against the side of the building even though his mind had ordered his feet to keep running. When Malin first opened his eyes, he thought he had died. Staring up at the expansive, white ceiling and curled up in mounds of silk sheets, he wondered why exactly, if he were really in the afterlife, his head felt like he had been using a millstone as a pillow. Startled, he looked sharply towards the voice, which belonged to a handsome young man with black hair, who was seated in a chair near the bed and watching him intently. Vasilis. He paused, unconsciously inspecting the young man and not noticing how conspicuously he was going about it. Vasilis frowned slightly, but he surrendered the spoon, and Malin downed the rest of the bowl in a flurry inspired by childish anger, which, in turn, was inspired by embarrassment. That was it. The Great Emperor seemed surprised when Malin, whom he was waiting for a reply from, suddenly fell back and pulled the covers over his head. Malin repeated incredulously. The Great Emperor stood then, pushing back his chair, which made a quiet sound on the tiled floor. He left then, stepping over the spilled tray and slipping from the large, bright room. Disregarding his current state of undress, he slipped out of the bed and started to pace around the room, inspecting every nook and cranny. As she spoke, she had approached him. Malin sighed, making a face when some of the shampoo got in his mouth and proved not to taste so sweet as it smelled. After a thorough washing and drying, Malin stood still and Sharil helped him into his clothes. Lori stepped inside shyly, dressed in a modest white gown, and Malin instantly felt a swell of calm at the sight of her. All sense of security that Lori had gained from his smiling face fled immediately. Lori repeated slowly as his words trailed off. Malin gritted his teeth, but wisely held his tongue. Malin had been living in the Grand Temple for almost two weeks now—or, more precisely, he had been living in the large, bright suite for almost two weeks. Lori visited him daily, of course, and he wasn't tired of her company. Which, as it turned out, was not such an easy state to be in. One day, Vasilis had walked in on Lori reading to him, as she often did at his request, and he had looked shocked and hurt. He wasn't so surprised when he found his arms full with Vasilis, who was hugging him tightly and pressing his face into Malin's shoulder. The next day, of course, Malin had awoken to the disagreeable discovery that Vasilis had hired him a tutor to teach him how to read. Abruptly, it all seemed like too much. As soon as the words left his mouth, he regretted them. When Vasilis drew back, loosening his hold on Malin, the young emperor's face was flushed. Vasilis followed his nod and carefully bent to retrieve the papers. Malin said indulgently, watching the child and sweeping short, quick strokes with a paintbrush on a piece of canvas set out before him. But, in a few years, Goddess knew how much else could change. The children, who knew Malin as Uncle, looked just like their mother. Vasilis' third wife, a young woman from a neighboring country, married him purely for political reasons. Like this one, which he was actually painting as much for the child's mother as for his father. It was two years after his own accidental marriage to Vasilis that Lori and Vasilis wed, and it was hardly a month after that that Lori proclaimed herself with child. He had escaped many times before, and the way was well known to him by then. It wasn't as though Malin wanted to leave Vasilis. It was easy to find a man with a cart and a horse who was willing to drive him out into the country for a handsome fee. Strangely, he couldn't bring himself to go see his family. Instead, he spent the rest of the afternoon wandering about the village. That night, he stayed at the small inn in the village, claiming to be a traveler passing through on the way to the city. Lying on the narrow, straw bed in the village inn and staring up at the ceiling, Malin reflected on the day. It was a revelation he should have had long ago, but somehow he had always let it slip by him. Malin awoke bright and early the next day—earlier than he had in years, even. The river seemed smaller and tamer and the road seemed narrower than he remembered. Vasilis said after a moment, and the simple words seemed to convey a thousand things. he said, turning in his lover's hold and taking one of Vasilis' hands. Yes. A/N: Oooooh, shiny new story. Yes, the phrase has been used and reused to the point of it becoming a cliché—but that doesn't make it any less true. Romance was never real. So my take on relationships is to see them for what they are. I'm not cynical; I'm realistic. My eyes drifted down to the open textbook in front of me and I realized that, once again, my mind was wandering. You know how some people just have this overwhelming presence? For some inexplicable reason, however, it didn't feel like that at all. The first thing that struck me was his eyes. I then proceeded to ignore him. He leaned forward and invaded my personal space. I moved closer towards him and held the position. Once he had left, I was torn between heaving a huge sigh of relief or one of disappointment. The entire encounter with this Danny guy was surreal. It wasn't all that hard to get into the building. As I sped down the hall I had chosen I began to wonder if there was any security at all. Soon I met up with Rasen. Barely five more minutes passed before Rasen and I found ourselves in the middle of the . Xander stated. Aisling said. Sein said, wariness in his voice. Xander asked. I said. The walls of this place were made of some type of metal. We had been a team for 207 years. Aisling warned. I stood and looked at the man I had crashed into. I demanded. He began picking up the pieces of the tray. The other gaurd whipped out a gun and began firing. I cursed. I couldn't believe it. There I was, minding my own business when I heard a knock at my door. After I closed the door I went back over to the balcony and picked up my book. I was pulled from my thoughts as I heard a distant howl in the nearest forest. I had nightmares about the evil creatures. I stopped looking around and listened for the sound again. I walked over to my bed and felt the soft canopy that surrounded it. I walked over to the mirror to admire myself after I had finished dressing. One of the slaves hollered through my door. I walked down the silent hallway to my father's chambers. I ask him, bowing to show my respect. My father began. that was my younger sister. I say. I wake up a time later and look around. I knew the answer as soon as I asked the question; I just wanted to hear him say it. This time he looks me in the eyes. He lies easily. I turn as I hear the door close and see that my father has left me without another word. please sit down. fell in love. I wrote these stories from my early teens to my late teens. I am taking these stories down because as I've gotten older, I realize that many of the things I wrote about were out of my depth. She shifted the cup of warm beer to her other hand, smiling and nodding mechanically at the guy in front of her. It was probably the wrong way to go about this, but he looked so earnest she couldn't quite bring herself to shoot him down. That said, as soon as he'd launched into a fascinating explanation about pain-receptors in damaged nerve cells, she'd tuned him out. She nodded again when he paused, hoping her timing was appropriate. Careful to keep the smile plastered on her face, she finally spotted her roommate, Amarissa, out of the corner of her eye. She nearly sighed in relief when Reese spotted her and started heading toward her. Reese cut off Jason/James/Justin in the middle of his sentence. Her smile widened, for real this time. In Reese's presence, James was suddenly shy. He shuffled his feet uncomfortably and turned a brilliant red. Watching them, Morgan was torn between being entertained and being appalled. Juan Santiago Rodriguez Inez was one of Reese's brother's oldest friends. And with that ambiguous statement, Reese yanked her into the thick of the crowd. Luckily, it seemed that no one had noticed her unintentional snack or her usual clumsy lack of grace. she answered him, going up on her toes to give him an air kiss on either side of his cheek. he stopped, frowning in mid-sentence. Reese and Morgan shared a brief but panicked look. Oh, no. Well, at least he'd remembered the lime. Wordlessly, she shook her head. He tossed a twenty on the bar as the bartender set down their drinks. Iago's new  were standing near him, but off to the side and not quite as part of the group. He had that sort of rough bone structure that looked delicate and yet strong at the same time. Even his coloring was perfect. Morgan flushed. Maybe if she had a few more of these, she wouldn't mind that he was staring at her. He disentangled himself carefully. A quick glance around told her it was probably a good idea to put herself in Iago's close vicinity, or at least not stand like an island in the middle of the bar. Frowning, she followed that as best she could. She studied them curiously, not even bothering to be covert about it. The one on the right she barely skimmed a glance over. The shortest of the three was next, his polished black shoes screaming the words  before she ever had a chance to learn his name. he said. That green gaze was trained on her face, not notably lower like she would have expected. A brief and insincere smile in his direction served as a response to his equally insincere civility. It was a fair description, Morgan conceded. Iago, meanwhile, rolled his eyes. He handed her two ruby red cocktails garnished with limes the color of Quinn's eyes. Morgan tuned them out, taking advantage of their distraction to take a large gulp of her drink. She nearly jumped out of her skin when he materialized beside her. His hands were in his pockets, his posture relaxed, and she realized just how much she liked the sound of his voice. He was too damned pretty. Morgan let her voice trail off, frowning. He was tall enough that he towered over her, not that it took all that much. Everyone wondered that. Morgan decided not to dignify that with a response. Perfect. Iago's back was to her, but she knew he heard her comment because he went suddenly still. Quinn, meanwhile, seemed unsure whether to take her seriously or not. That was apparently too much for Iago, who burst into laughter. She expected Quinn to stare at him blankly, but instead he and Iago shared a conspiratorial moment charged with amusement. Iago pulled her into a choking hug. As if on cue, Reese did an amazing impression of a Jack-in-the-Box. Reese's soft giggle cued her into the fact that she'd been drinking as well. Iago executed a sweeping gesture toward the door. Robert's car was close to the door and a quick push of the buttons unlocked it. She narrowed her eyes on him suspiciously before deciding he probably wasn't worth it. Sighing, she rolled her eyes and pretended she hadn't heard him. Iago grimaced. they snapped in unison. Morgan was ecstatic when they pulled into Angie's house. Good, Morgan thought. Oh, yes, brilliant Morgan. She squinted at him, considering, then said,  She could be magnanimous about that and still not want to spend any more time with him, right? Briefly debating, she finally acquiesced. That gave him pause, but not for long. The drink, when he handed it to her a few minutes later, was quite definitely blue. Amazing how fast the alcohol can hit you, she mused hazily, surprised at how super-nice Quinn was being and leaning against him as they stood talking to someone she didn't know. Yawning, she burrowed closer to his side and swayed. Finally she managed to focus on the clock. Frowning at the now familiar voice, Morgan was too tired to protest. Morgan slowly and reluctantly came to her senses. But why was she pressed up against the wall? She froze. A low moan escaped her. She opened her eyes to a sleeping Quinn Carter. I've recycled the title from a previous story I didn't finish, because I kind of outgrew that one. I immediately snapped out of my wonderful daydream. I got sent to the front office at least twice a week, all thanks to Mrs. Cline. She tried to hide her smile, though she wasn't successful. he said, a faint smile visible. He shook his head while I walked out of his office. I sighed,  It was really disappointing to constantly have these daydreams. I grimaced at the mention of my full first name instead of my nickname. she said, pointing to a table with five guys. I rolled my eyes at them and faced the guy I had to kiss. I rolled my eyes. I shouted to whoever was home. Robby said, pointing to the twins. Tyler let out an angry sigh and stormed out of the room. After a couple of hours later, it was about 8:00PM, which was around the time for Ava and Max to go to bed. someone said. AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey! In case you were wondering, my mother and I's latest dispute regarded the fact that I was the last to know that she's been dating a guy that is not my father (yeah, so they've been divorced for like five years now, but still) and as of two days ago, they're engaged. But now, just like that she's decided to spill the beans and enlighten me with the bomb that is  and his eighteen year old son . My mom and I were fine on our own, perfectly fine! After having me when she was only eighteen, and then running off to marry my father a year later, I suppose everyone expected that they'd divorce eventually and then come running home to their parents. I said carefully, before quickly adding, Jason So what? Kill me now. Copyright 2011. It's been some time since I've logged into fictionpress, you know the story - life, school, work -it gets you busy and sometimes there isn't any time for it. Linda, Stacey's manager paused from the thick, trashy novel she'd been reading to fix Stacey with a raised eyebrow stare. It wasn't the first time that Linda had asked Stacey to close up for her, even though it was strictly against the rules to let a lowly sales girl close up. Stacey replied as she punched in the code to the locked storage room to pull out more of the tiny, fitted little dresses that were apparently in this year. Milk and Honey was a very high end store, stocking all the latest designer trends and couture. She carefully hung up the dresses, arranging them by size and then spending the next hour straightening and reorganising the window display. It was quarter to five, and Stacey had been just about to close up, when a young woman strode through the open doors. The girl cast a brilliant smile in Stacey's direction. They'd promised her! You see, Stacey hadn't been born Stacey Marshland, and she was not a born and bred London girl. Stacey remembered when she'd first met him, a shy fifteen year old introduced by a mutual friend at a party. Their feelings had been intense in the way that only teenagers in their first love can feel things, and so when she'd gotten drunk at her first party and kissed another boy – Matt, she'd understood when he'd gotten angry. She remembered that everyone had stood around shocked while Cain beat the boy bloody, until Matt had slumped to the floor. She'd testified against him, how could she not have? He'd never given up though, screaming  across the courtroom after sentencing, promising he would never ever forget about her, and telling her he'd done it for them. Lost in her thoughts, Stacey found herself at the door to her flat without really realising how she'd gotten there. Cain Cross, convicted of First-Degree Murder was released today after serving only eleven years of his life sentence. Stacey had to brace herself from shaking as she pushed back from her desk, biting down hard on her bottom lip to keep from crying. She wasn't the same girl he'd known, she reminded herself. ~ If only tonight, If this is all I got, If I can't have your love, I won't get back up this time. Music blasted on the speakers. Mia had always loved driving up north. She smiled as she saw her cottage come in to view. The sunlight glinted off her eyes, making her emerald green eyes more pronounced. Taking a quick view of the place, Mia felt a little at peace. She drew a breath of relief when she found it. 'In your hometown. Just knowing he was so close, Mia could barely breath. Her fingers shook as they held on to the phone. Her mind was fighting a losing battle with her heart. 'But I am here. No sooner had she turned to get her things from her car, her phone started to ring. A smile made it's way on to her lips. Noah Yoshiro scratched yet another name off the long list of auditions, nearly snapping the lead of his pencil in his vehemence. Finally, the man-woman-thing had finished his or her song and Noah let out a breath through his nose. Noah sighed, looking forlornly at the sheet of paper. And he began. Noah grinned uncontrollably and sprung up from his chair, jumping onto the stage and throwing his arms spasmodically around a very startled Loki. About a half hour later found the three sitting in a small café a block from school. Noah smiled, unconsciously playing with the stud lip ring he wore. Loki murmured, glancing at Noah as he moved to stand. Loki raised a brow at Noah's indecisive nature but stood and followed anyway. Noah frowned as the boy continued to tremble. Loki finished, abruptly stepping away as he realized how his fingers had been unconsciously lacing themselves with Noah's. When he arrived at his own apartment building, he randomly decided to take the stairs to the sixth floor. The pounding bass from the latest raging dance club filled the quiet street, of Toronto's Entertainment Center. The pale woman looked to the skies rolling her eyes with a sigh. Sighing, Althea looked around leaning back against the cold brick wall. 'Althea, you really shouldn't be watching this,' she thought to herself. Suddenly, a heavy hand rested on her shoulder, turned her around and pressed her against the wall. There was a heavy thud, as Althea looked back towards the corner. THANK YOU SO MUCH. I hit my alarm and looked up at the clock out of habit. I smiled and sat down on the island in the kitchen. I've never understood what mom meant by 'family dinner' because its only the two of us living here in this gi-normous mansion. Thinkin'About youAnd how we used to be then. One of my best friends, Macy spoke in a wild tone. I hugged her and then Macy as she closed her locker and joined us on our walk to class. We walked, or more of, strutted down the hallway. We departed towards our different classes, I have World History with Mr. Campbell first period. Whoops! I have never minded going to the principal's office, Mr. Dumbledore is hot… No, I'm kidding, his name is Mr. Adams. Mr. Adams opened up his laptop again and began working. The next two periods were boring, and Damien was no longer speaking to me, therefore making my day better. From then on, the table conversation was about Macy and Jace. The rest of the day droned on and on, and I couldn't wait for it to end. Ooh! What? How hard could it be? I didn't have a choice. I ventured a glance behind us, but sure enough, Sketchy Brent and his friends had turned around too and were watching us from where they were. I laughed, knowing she was partially mocking me and knowing I was being completely silly about the situation. Kelsey, who had been at the party too and seen Sketchy Brent, had thought he seemed like an alcoholic slash supreme badass from the way he drank (large amounts, but that was to be expected of any frat boy) and the way he talked (somehow it made him that much more appealing to me). Which is exactly why I never pursued anything with him. was all I had to say to that. He had a nice, firm grip – something I admired in anyone I met. I had a nice retort for that, but bit it back as the professor began to lecture. I nearly scoffed. At the latter remark, she wiggled her eyebrows suggestively and I couldn't resist. I had thought it would be harder, but Sketchy Brent made it surprisingly easy for me. As we'd predicted, I saw Sketchy Brent at Commons while I was waiting in line for pasta. It might have been because we had a midterm coming up. I said, hoping I didn't sound too excited or eager. They all argued over what the next step of the bet should be, finally settling on a kiss. By Saturday morning, I didn't even care about the money anymore. Sketchy Brent called me around eleven in the morning. I nodded and he pulled me in and squeezed me tight. There was never a moment of awkwardness or silence; if anything, Sketchy Brent and I seemed to have a dynamic that worked – a certain chemistry, if you will. I swatted his shoulder, though I couldn't help but giggle. In the end, we ended up reserving a study room for six hours at our Student Center's study lounge. There was the possibility that I might have to retract my previous statement. I nearly slurred. I thought about this. What the B+ had to do with anything, I couldn't remember. Sketchy Brent just kissed me. And then it hit me. I turned to leave, not even thinking twice about Sketchy Brent. I didn't have to explain. It started with a bet, but this certainly wasn't going to end that way, if you know what I mean. This one-shot was the result of being bored at work, so you can thank my corporate desk job for that. To new visitors: THANK YOU for bothering to click on my story. To others: THANKS for clicking on this story again. So here it is, my very own story. I nodded. We cleaned up their mess, we brought them their coffees, we memorized the menu they liked, we fixed up their papers, we picked up their lunch, we prepared their coats, and we would have removed lint from their clothes, if ordered. My heart melted. I turned around again, into the closet. Truth be told, I was scared. Oh, Jordy. At that moment, I had to laugh. Unlike Claire, I never cared. But life was as good as you choose to believe it is. I wasn't rich. My mind was whirring. I couldn't speak. She laughed. The yellow light was highlighting the circle 10 when I gave up trying to keep my cool and started tapping my foot on the steel floor of the elevating room. On the left side of the hallway, stood 2 doors, right next to each other. I swallowed the hard lump that has been accumulatively forming in my throat since I heard of the news of my promotion. There were leather loveseat couches in the corner of the room, and across of that stood the handsome and very organized bookshelf filled with thick volumes. He was filling out a form when I got there. Everything they said was true. he asked critically. I bit my lip. He looked at my eyes. I stood quietly for a minute or two and tried to even out my breathing. I did look around first before getting started on my real job. Black cabinet, yellow paper. Then I heard his door open. I went out and made him his coffee. I was walking to his desk once again, and unfortunately didn't notice that the edge of the carpet was slightly propped up due to my silly whim to touch it, minutes before. I bit my lip. His looks were piercing. He looked at me again, quizzically. He went and gone. The stained, silver carpet was immediately replaced with a new, jet black one. I checked again, for the third time, if his room was the cleanest I could have it. I was beyond shocked. Let's try this again. And then he walked in. I could feel myself begin to grin – he was perfect. The group had just sat down at a table in, typically, the centre of the food court. It was lucky I didn't have any classes that afternoon (thank god for a twelve hour week), as it ended up taking my guy two hours to ditch his friends. Great, now I really did feel like a cougar. By the number of times I'd been here, the bartender knew me and my crazy ways now. I cried, downing my shot. Heedless to his weak arguments, I grabbed his hand and dragged him to the dance floor. He was definitely blushing now, and his entire face turned red when I began ruffling his hair. Munching on our kebabs, we meandered our way towards his apartment. I snorted. I jumped up and, ignoring his whining, pulled him up as well. Then, he was gone, stumbling up the stairs. the girl asked, looking down her nose at my clothes. I said after a beat of awkward silence. I blinked at him. Once again, I blinked at him. I heard grumbling before the intercom cut off. I thrust him into my old, beat-up, bomb of a car, ignoring his less than impressed face. There was silence before he said, I shrugged, not admitting that it hurt me. I eventually found a park in the city and dragged him out of the car. I said, finally letting go of his hand reluctantly. I rolled my eyes before stalking up to him. He was silent, but I was too caught up in my high that I didn't notice. All the other times we'd hung out, it hadn't sounded so final. I'd only looked at my photos once and his last words kept repeating in my head, preventing me from gushing over the photos like I wanted to. Suddenly, I sat up in bed. I confirmed, nodding. He blushed and I grinned. So this is my little one-shot for the A Drop of Romeo Star-Crossed competition. Standing in the upstairs hallway, Jacob paced back and forth waiting for the answer behind the bedroom room. He ran his rope worn hands across his wind burned face, and took a deep breath. And then, he took another deep breath, looking down at his dust covered leggings. It seemed like days ago that that had happened, but in truth it had only been a few hours. Leaning up against the wall, he folded his callous crusted hands together and prayed. The reality of it all sank in, and Jacob took another deep breath. Caroline, sweet, sweet, Caroline was all he wanted right now. Now, he was afraid; afraid of that the mid-wife would say when she finally walked out of that room. He looked at her laying on the bed that was pressed up against the corner. It took Caroline nearly an hour to pass away, but Jacob thought that God had given her that extra time to introduce him to the new love of his life. For the record, I have come to the conclusion that I am horrible at writing contest pieces. Precarious predicament? I glared at him, my breathing ragged and fast, my breath misting in front of my face in the rapidly chilling October air. It was his fault anyway. Tonight was the company party, and by company I mean Fame! I think that it might have been bearable, if my boss hadn't forbidden me from bringing my camera, claiming I needed to  and  Even though I don't think my dear boss understands that photography is my life. Part three of why it was his fault goes back six or so years, when we both met at the tender ages of sixteen, at Montgomery Valley Senior High. I snarled defensively, and I watched him kick the dirt wall again, running his hands through his black, wavy hair. Once graduation had hit, I thought I would see the last of the man that I had truly come to loathe. Hearing the apology felt like a slap in the face after so many years. Looking at him, I couldn't help but feel drained as well. I woke up later not to the bright morning sunshine as I thought I would, but rather a single, directed light that flashed over my eyes and off again. A single word rushed into my head: Saved! The old man nodded and simply turned away. I felt, for some strange reason, a tinge of regret at the addition to his words. I took a look at the picture. I snapped, pushing back on the chair so it slammed into his body. Was it possible that I…liked. I walked down the hallway with a smile on my face. I gasped, my hands flying to my mouth. The noise stopped, and I breathed out a sigh of…what? he yelled, shaking me slightly. Another party. I thought it would be easy to go back to hating Aaron, to avoiding him around the workplace, but it was harder than I thought. I blamed the Halloween party, loathing the day that we ever decided to call a truce. But I already knew the answer to that—yes, it was. The sound of my car spluttering to a grinding stop cut off my last thought as I screamed in frustration, directing it to the side of the road while I still could. Tears pushed at my eyes. Had I really fallen asleep waiting for someone to come get me? he groaned, squinting at me through the rain. I insisted, holding myself tighter. Yes, I'm really not happy with how this one came out—it's too forced with little feeling and I'm pretty sure I didn't really stick to the guidelines/rules that well. Much love to you all for reading! And You Are. said Reese, evidently oblivious to the pain and suffering I was going through. I mumbled, not looking at the dress. Well, that snapped me out of my reverie. I spluttered, words failing me. She rolled her eyes at my logic. He was openly ogling at Reese and I was pretty sure he'd even sell it for free if she flirted with him a little. I looked at my reflection in the mirror in the dressing room, and as much as I loathed admitting it, I didn't necessarily look that bad. I agreed,  I walked out of the shop and into Starbucks. Suddenly, and very abruptly, two warm hands covered both my eyes. My muscles finally decided to function again and I spun around and found myself lost in deep, dark eyes. His eyes, which were cast downward, immediately flew up. I asked. I grinned, and gave him my number. He winked at me and walked off. said Reese, coming up to me and holding around gazillion shopping bags, At the rate things were going, I was this close to blowing up. It was from Stephen! I laughed and gave him my answer. It was nearly five minutes before my cell phone vibrated again. I replied, feeling giddy. I blushed. Okay. As I got up, I felt a pair of arms wrap themselves around my waist. EDIT: Sorry about some of the mistakes. My stepmother calmly looked at me and pressed a perfectly manicured fingertip to her temple. My stepmother said with a touch of exasperation. I said, pulling at my wavy shoulder length auburn hair. Their terms? My  just so happened to be one of largest in my town. I hate packing. I nodded and muttered a  I turned swiftly on my heels and walked down an empty hallway, filled with mirrors. I turned my head as I inevitably caught my reflection. I was wearing a light pink fitted skirt that came down to my knees with a bright green tank top. Some people would call me a prep…that label I detested. Turning the knob on my white door, I entered my large room. I propelled myself onto my bed, diving under all the soft, plush pillows, kicking off my shoes. This is what I loved about Ellie; she always supported me in everything that happened to me. My inheritance that I'd get whenever I turn twenty-one. My heart dropped. I rubbed my face, smearing my make up, and sat up in my bed. I couldn't believe this was happening. My thoughts were interrupted by the slam of my door opening. She whispered in her light, soft voice. at this point, Ellie's voice became dreamy,  Ellie held out her left hand and I gasped at the ring. It took us two long hours. I turned on my side, staring at my clock. Ellie said on a sigh. Ellie rolled her eyes and tossed the pillow back at me, sex-crazed. I sighed and sat back down on my bed. Time past slowly as I got ready for bed. I shook my head and crawled into my bed, thoughts swirling around in my mind. A/N: Okay, so how did you all like this first chapter? Nobody Wants YouBy Free the Dancing LlamasChapter one: God forbid I cryWhen I was three I realised that nobody wanted me. And like a three year old would, I cried. So, let us go forth fifteen years to that moment where my life changed from being a cowardly child, hiding behind closets and spending the nights awake in paranoia of being humiliated and teased. I now have some arrangements for tonight, thanks to my amazing best friend. After I manage to slide it on I look at myself in in the mirror and if I'm to be honest I think I look pretty damn good. It wasn't technically her car, if I'm to be honest, it was her boyfriend's and he sometimes leant it to her. We soon arrive at this supposed new club; it had bright red neon letters at the top that pronounced that it was called . Whitney asks with a batter of her eyelashes and an innocent smile. After about half hour a couple of boys came over to join us. After a few drinks and some small talk I drag him out onto the dance floor where we dance like there's no tomorrow. he whispers in my ear after we brake apart. When we both got a little too impatient we got into his car and he drove us to what looks like an apartment complex. His skilled mouth works on me as he slips two fingers into me. After a couple of minutes he suddenly stops and I groan at him but when I open my eyes he looks angry. Almost as if he could sense this he slides his hand down my body and begins to play with my sensitive clit. out? AN- this is slash. Ok now I go to be. Noah couldn't find it in himself to cry anymore. One of the kids, at least in 4th grade snarled at him. The kid had with him two other friends, who for the most part, stood on the side and laughed. After a brutal five minutes, five minutes Noah was sure couldn't go by any slower, the kid above him stopped. The kid spit out. The kid yelled. Noah blinked then blinked again. The kid asked. The kid said uncomprehendingly. Noah cried out. Noah sat up, jerking himself awake. Mrs. Edgecombe asks. Noah smiled, hiding how he really felt. Noah shuddered and pushed that thought away. Mrs. Edgecombe sighed and looked at Noah. Mrs. Edgecombe felt a shade brighter. Mrs. Edgecombe finally came to Noah's family address. The door flied open and behind it a medium sized woman with long brown hair and big blue eyes. Noah finally drew up the courage to talk. Mrs. Bailey trailed off as she wiped her eyes of fresh tears. Mrs. Bailey had a look upon her like she wasn't sure what she wanted to do first. Mrs. Bailey pushed Noah and Mrs. Edgecombe into the door before closing it. Noah turned around and continued his ascend up the stairs. Noah looked annoyed but reluctantly agreed. Noah led the way down the stairs, something that made Mrs. Bailey look about ready to faint. Mrs. Edgecombe nods to Mrs. Bailey. Mrs. Edgecombe said. Mrs. Edgecombe drew in a deep breath and sighed. Author's Note: So, this is going to be a quick two-chaptered story. Thanks: As always to Vena Cava for your awesome comments. Shouting at his closed bathroom door, I was about to hurl a pillow when it opened. He nodded with his head lost under the towel as he rubbed his hair. Leaning forward from my seat on the edge of his bed, I would have Imperio'd the poor boy into stripping off that scant towel, had my name been Harry Potter (or would it be Harriet Potter? He stood his ground as I inched closer. We always had these silent dare-double-dare games, egging one another on. Sometimes, I felt like he put on this tantalizing, teasing show every once in a while to keep me on my toes. As I merged lanes and weaved past slower cars, I wondered: should I make him do cartwheels into the cheerleaders? I dumped that last idea since I'd done it several months back. Whether he'd win that game, though, would be up to him. Sometimes, as he watched the people moving here and there, scurrying through their lives, it occurred to him that they had absolutely no idea what they wanted. Sometimes he envied them. He smiled bitterly. How little they understood. It was no wonder so many of his kind went mad, deprived of everything that had ever made them who they were. He himself had considered such a course many times over the years, but had never quite been able to bring himself to do it. All around him life went on, helter skelter, and he watched. Most took the easy path, and chose to avoid it. There was far too much brilliant, slightly-exasperated blue as Sebastian rolled his so expressive eyes. Julian snapped back, though without any real heat. GOOD GIRL GOING CRAZY 2- UNIVERSITY EDITIONDISCLAIMERI OWN NOTHING YOU RECOGNISE (AND SOME THINGS YOU DON'T. Sure, I was trying my best to hide my pre-university jitters from my friends because God knows that Cheryl would laugh me off the face of the earth if she knew that I was having nightmares about my new roommates being proverbial mean girls. Cue the 'Zabriana likes to know everything and be in control all the time' speech from my mother. Of course, Mimi and Nikki just weren't helping with their 'advice'. However, when Nikki started talking about how different university was, I started listening. That may have been the main reason I was flabbergasted when I finally stood outside my new room the day I moved in. I grumbled to myself, digging in my oversized handbag for my room key card while trying to balance the heavy box of books that I had carried from my Toyota Yaris on my hip. Almost immediately, the door of the room next to mine opened and a blonde head poked through, looking up and down the hallway. I involuntarily kicked one of the books that had fallen out of the box against my door as I scrabbled for my key card with renewed vigor. The blonde pointed to himself. Even though I actually did love his hair. He walked around me, studying my hair from every angle as I stood there. I shot Scott a 'get me out of here' look which he cheerfully avoided. 'Lee' tittered as charmingly as he was able as I found my key and inserted it. Leon bent over double with laughter as Scott made a face at me and mouthed  while pointing down at Leon. Lord have mercy, my boyfriend was being hit on. A bunk bed and a loft bed took up most of the space, but thanks to a large bay window, the room looked larger than it was. He rolled off me and I sat up, fixing my messed up hair. I said, pulling the sheets on the bottom bunk straight. He stepped out of the room, closing the door behind him as I started putting my books on my adopted desk. Smiling to myself as I gazed at the picture, I barely even noticed the door open. Hot pants rolled her eyes. Rogue said carelessly, staring at me. I explained to her. The 'hi' was directed at Rogue, who had turned at the sound of Scott's voice and was now undressing him with her eyes. she said, placing her hands on her hips and leaning forward so that Scott could get a good look down her top. My boyfriend had just been hit on twice within 30 minutes. When Scott and I were together, I didn't see color. I frowned at her, willing her to be wrong. Khandi said, jiggling the top part of her dress into place. Feeling drained, I sank down to the floor and squeezed my eyes closed, fighting back tears. Holy. I remember Earth. A gargantuan, black ship descending from the heavens. I remember them stripping me down in front of my dead relatives. I remember seeing other people on board, all teenage boys like me. I remember looking to my sides, seeing other boys strapped to the long metal slab. I remember it thrusting mercilessly into me, hitting that all to sensitive bundle of nerves. I remember climaxing, crying tears of terror, not ecstasy. I now live through that process everyday. Two: If a machine ever broke, you'd be blindfolded and one of the aliens would come in and fuck you. Four: Once a month (Or what I guessed to be a month, there was no way to tell time), we'd be taken to a large, white room. You see, all this happens to us, because we are in a farm. My name is Darren. "Umm. thing is, Colton is. thought you'd. should explain. in debt for the rest of their lives. Disclaimer: I don't own any brands/ names/ celebrities/ etc. Let me just say this first: My name is Holly Danielle Sabers, and I have a fear of being abandoned. It wasn't like I was abandoned at birth or anything; it's quite the opposite actually. Dad is a successful businessman; he's the president of Saber, Inc. Don't ask about the title. Up until freshman year I had friends. The thing about Riverdale High is that it's a school for smart people. Lily and Anna had to move away, so they couldn't enter in the first place. And Bri really did abandon me. It was then that I started changing the way I looked. That was my goal, actually. Before, during junior high, I was a sporty girl, being the captain of the girl's soccer, basketball, and volleyball teams. I have icy blue eyes that appear cold and piercing. I remember that Michael Tyler has always been in my life. Gosh, I remember, one time when I was eleven, when I started talking with him, I hated him. My high school life has mostly been lonely, since I didn't talk to many people, but Michael's always been there. A/N: I know what you're thinking. The Guy Next Door…I was in love with him – the frat boy, the guy who lived across the hall. Grumbling a few profanities to myself, I slid off the trunk of his car and moved over to the other side of him. I sighed at the contact, pushing myself closer into his body. I still remembered the first moment I saw him; he had moved in across the hall at the same I did. It wasn't until my suitemate came out of her room and smacked me on the head that I realized I might have been staring a little bit too intensely. Over the next few days, I saw him everywhere I went. It wasn't until the very first Friday night of the semester that he finally approached me. he had asked, holding open the door to his suite. He said, sitting down next to me on the couch. That night was the beginning of a tradition that we unknowingly began for the next seven months. It also didn't help that he took these moments to touch me in subtle ways. But unfortunately, this friendship we developed only seemed to be allowed during these drunken moments we shared. He stared at me as if he didn't even know who I was and I could see his friend starting to crack a smile. That night, I heard an incessant knocking at my door. The shock of seeing him was overridden by anger when I saw his face. Before I could do anything, he had covered the distance between us and pulled me into his arms. After hesitating for a second, he nodded and shut the door behind him. Tonight was no different. I blushed and looked down, fiddling with the hem of my shirt. He chuckled to himself, putting out the cigarette on his car. I could only gape wordlessly at him as his hands tensed against me. Ryan froze the moment I spoke, his breath hitching as he stared at me. Heat raced through my entire body as I found my mouth going dry. That seemed to be all it took to knock down that last defensive wall of his. I let my hand trail down his chest, pausing briefly at the band of his boxers. I almost choked when he said those words, seeing the desire pool into his dark eyes. Someone yelled out and I heard a group of laughing guys come closer to us. I didn't know how I was going to be able to get out of this one though, especially when it was pretty much obvious to anyone that we were making out on the trunk of his car. At that, I turned around and saw one of his fellow fraternity brothers smirking down at me. When he mentioned Ryan's 'parade' of girls, I couldn't help but feel my heart plummet to the bottom of my stomach. That was the last straw for me. His words didn't seem to deter Jordan though, who still had a strong grip around my body. Given my still sensitive state from the moment between me and Ryan, my brain was barely functioning properly. Jordan laughed, walking back towards where the rest of the guys were standing. While I knew I was drunk, it didn't mean that I couldn't still be upset as my mind kept replaying the events of last night. When I had told my best friend and suitemate, Chelsea, what had happened, she immediately called up all our friends and told them that we were going out the next night. I retorted flatly as we walked up the steps into our dorm building. She rolled her eyes as she ran up the stairs to our third floor dorm. When we walked in, Mona Gomez, my other roommate, was sitting on the couch and watching television with her boyfriend. I bit my lip and nodded; I was later than usual. The door was immediately wrenched open and my heart sped up. A little broken but still in one piece, I nodded and bade him good night. I quickly changed my clothes and bumped into my suitemates who were all getting ready to go out. I quickly grabbed my jacket which I had thrown over the couch last night and pulled open the front door, only to stop in my tracks. Ryan stood there, half naked and flaunting his toned upper body. Mona sighed from behind me. Chelsea pursed her lips but nodded curtly. Sure enough as I began taking off my jacket, I heard the front door click open. I heard him curse to himself as he took a few steps towards me. I laughed at that, shaking my head as I finally turned to face him. Ryan raised an eyebrow at that, taking a step towards me. I was blinking back tears by now, willing them to stop flowing. Ryan was quiet for a moment and I felt him tense up. he snapped, punching my mattress with the hand that he wasn't holding on to me with. He was fuming and his grip tightened around me with every word he spoke, but my God, he still looked perfect. Ryan shook his head, moving so that he was standing in front of me. I cried out, punching him in the chest. He sighed, cupping my face with both of his hands. A pained look crossed his face and for a split second, I believed my wild accusation was actually true. I paled at that. I was thankful that he didn't step towards me so that I could think rationally as he spoke. Ryan stared at me, not moving an inch as I tried to appear as defiant as possible. He snapped, throwing his arms up. Me, on the other hand? When the first week had passed, I assumed that he would come traipsing through my door as if nothing had happened. I was sprawled out on the grassy hill next to Chelsea and Mona, soaking in the sun on a surprisingly warm spring day. I shook that thought out of my mind and turned back to the book I had to read by Monday. A voice suddenly called out. I cried out, looking up to see what was going on. he said, sitting down next to me on the towel. I heard him laugh, placing his hand on my knee. He grinned at that and for the first time ever, I actually heard him laugh genuinely without an ounce of sarcasm or malice. I couldn't help but yell out as my suitemates glanced over at me. He tapped his temple knowingly. If I hadn't already been lying down in bed, I wouldn't have been able to hold myself up. I tried to maintain my composure despite the fact that I could feel my breath speeding up, but I didn't turn towards him. He snapped, his hands dropping down to grip my thighs. I didn't stop to think as I snaked my arm around his neck, trying to pull him up onto my bed. His teeth softly scraped against my bottom lip until I parted my lips. I reached up to his chest, feeling the straining of his muscles as I slid my hands down towards his abs. My desire for him was at an astronomical level by now, as I allowed his hands to travel all over my body. His lips suddenly left mine, and the temporary emptiness made me groan as I sought for a way to relieve the tension building inside of me. This was what that nameless girl had done to him that night. My breaths were coming out in short huffs as I sat there, the adrenaline still rushing in my blood. I shook my head, bringing my hand up to his that was against my side. Ryan, in the middle of my speech, had starting tilting my chin towards him. I choked out a laugh when he said that, not sure whether I should laugh or cry at his admission. I shook my head, not wanting to hear any more of his explanations. He said quietly, pressing a kiss against my jaw. I gaped at him as he smiled at me. Ryan grunted, pulling me onto his lap so that my back was pressed into his chest. I sighed, just as Ryan kissed me. He turned to walk out the door, but I quickly pulled him back by his arm. Ryan's expression was nothing like I'd ever seen before. I write one-shots when I hit writer's blocks with my stories, can you tell? I should be able to update somewhat regularly . final moment was almost here . you know . blushed. you'll be married soon enough, and then we can . . Sir . he said, resigned to his fate as he stood up and kissed the offered cheeks. she pointed out. She reached out and rested her arms around his shoulders and pulled him closer to her. Her past relationships were nothing compared to Nathan. She hadn't begun living until she met him. That they were eloping added spice to their romance. She knew Uncle Eddie, who stood as her father for the past nine years since her own parents had died on an airplane crash, would be furious and would most likely to refuse to acknowledge their coming marriage, but she didn't care. Mrs. Sinjun Blanco Kline. The cause having to move their wedding date and the awkwardness of having to make him sign the pre-nup she filched from her uncle's safe. They finally decided on Caesar's Palace. Okay, so I had this whole idea for Sinjun's story even before I wrote Statue, only the first three parts were wiped out and I had to start from scratch that I decided to put her on hold until after I finished with Adrienne and Dylan's story. In our midget of a school. In your car, where you'd fetch me everywhere, whenever I want. In my house, where you've picked to be your second home. You were a companion. It delays our much needed beauty rest, but I didn't mind. You wanted a large green tea frappuccino. And so maybe I was slightly grumpy when I took your orders. I responded, fibbing smoothly, credits to all those fluffs I've watched. You shouted, slamming the table. You said. You responded, and I found myself wanting to kill you. I could even see it on the screen. I was one of the first few to have the privilege to have met you, although I must say, I didn't know what the honour was all about. During classes, especially when you sit behind me, you'd make sure that your paper would never fail to reach my head. During lunch, you'd pile all the grossest food and laugh about it when you dump them right in front of me. And then you invited me over to your place, and I realized that you played the guitar. No, really. So we started with the tutoring. All your past relations. You groaned, but did as you were told, turning your gaze onto the glaring white light. At 2. I blew lightly on the soup before I took a spoonful, swallowing slowly and feeling suddenly grateful for the warm feeling in my tummy. And I wanted to hit you with a club. You asked, sounding genuinely worried. You rubbed your palm lightly on my tummy, and I felt comforted, somewhat. My point of view? So I waited. One by one, the cars exited the parking lot, and I found myself looking for a white coloured car, just like the one you described to me. I demanded over the phone the moment you picked up, but the reception was bad. You shouted, and I heard laughter around you. Normally I'd grimace at my vulgarism, but I couldn't care less at that moment. Because what happened felt too much like a scene from a story, I took the initiative to write things down in the form of a short passage. Three. I mumbled, trying my best to sound happy. I wanted to hug my Buzzley the big brown bear and cry myself to sleep. I paused, pushing myself to hold it in. I wanted to throw all the stones I could find to scratch and create dents on your car, like how you created dents in that little thing of mine that pumps oxygenated blood everywhere, causing it to feel constricted and like it got thrown into a perfectly functioning turbo washing machine. You called me that night, after your date, and starting brainwashing me about what a bomb it was, and how you'd be meeting her parents this weekend. Goodbye. much love,can't be too bothered to try making my penname appear. p/s: In My Own Words was nominated at the TiRO awards! She was supposed to be at a dinner function for Abe's work. That would be totally fine with her. At least she wasn't too far from civilized society, Gretchen pulled her dress coat around her shoulders. Gretchen Holiday usually had a driver. Abe didn't quite understand her need to relate. Scanning the area, she spotted a gas station. She had thirty minutes to spare. It was starting to snow outside, and Jake was grateful for the nice heating system. He could hear them over the sound of Hank Williams that was blasting over the stereo. A woman stood in front of the counter looking distressed. Jake took the opportunity to jump in. Jake grinned. He gave her a long lecture about being foolish and selfish. Ooh, she was mad. Her mother would have a stroke if she knew that Gretchen was going to eat a jelly doughnut. Seeing the tall, dark-haired man that had come in from the garage had surprised her. She squirmed slightly in her seat. While she waited, she ate her makeshift dinner and tried to think about how to fix the situation with Abe. What was she going to do now? She nodded, taking her coffee and stood. I said, jerking my hand from my best friend's grasp. I sat down on the edge of my queen-sized bed. she asked for the umpteenth time. She was staring at me with her puppy dog eyes and her lip pushed out. She folded her hands in front of herself and begged me to reconsider. I hadn't wanted to go to the club at all, but now Monica had talked me into it. I walked over to my radio and turned it on. She walked over to my walk in closet and opened the doors. As she went through my closet and I scanned my room. she held up my clothes for the night and I groaned. She handed it to me and I went across the hall to my bathroom to take a quick shower and put it on. Monica stood outside with me by her side. I waited for her to react, but she said nothing, just handed him her license and stood there. I was wearing an outfit that consisted of a mini skirt that was held to my waist with a belt. My high-heeled boots tapped the ground with nervousness as the guy looked at my license. When I walked in the door, Monica was nowhere to be found. I was about to consider leaving when I felt a tap on my shoulder. She didn't answer me and kept walking. I grabbed her hand and unlocked the bathroom door, letting us back out into the loud noise of music and the sweaty smell of human flesh. There were four of them and they each had a girl. Rick and I talked most of the time, but then I started feeling dizzy and extremely tired. I muttered, my voice sounding foreign even to my own ears. I moved as far back toward the wall as I could and looked around for a weapon. I tried pinching myself, thinking and hoping it was a dream, but the pain of Rick slapping me was no dream. He smirked and jumped on my back. I felt him pull my skirt off and then the sound of another zipper. I felt his breath on my skin as he kissed the back of my neck. I started seeing black and the walls began to swim. I was alive and Monica was dead. My mom and dad were both asleep so I paged for the nurse. My father was now awake and looking at me. I leaned back on my bed and closed my eyes. Two days later and I was permitted to go home. People started talking once more. I walked to the pulpit and looked out over the crowd. People started talking once more. I talked to Monica's mom and told her how sorry I was. I waited a few moments, taking in the guests, before moving toward my father. I asked after a few more minutes. My dad drove me home and I went straight to my room, jumping on my blue bed. Two months had passed. The teacher's gave up calling on me in class and students ignored me in the halls and during the lunch period I attended. I only had one friend and she was dead. I had gained some weight over the last two months and I had no clue why. I was puking one morning when my mom caught me. I admitted. my dad shook his head and led my mother away. The doctor's office was almost empty and for this I was glad. The nurse took down notes and then went out of the room. After about five minutes I had my results. I had been bitten, and raped by a vampire, and lost a best friend all in one night. I interrupted my mom and grabbed her hand. I'm not going to lie. He is lying on his back, fast asleep, his face turned towards me, one hand clutching the sheets a little, which are riding low on his waist. But yet, here he is. I stroke back some of his hair from his face. The first time I met him was in the university library. Obviously my first impression of him was not exactly a positive one, but it also hadn't provoked the hate-inspiring he's-going-to-be-my-mortal-enemy-forever reaction either (another common theme of many romantic movies and novels). Oh, his name? I wouldn't say Hunter is the nicest guy I've ever met. Like when Anthony Kerowitz dumped one of my friends in a public and humiliating way and I'd painted  on the side of his car. So now it must be more obvious why I am so puzzled as to how he could possibly be in my bed. Hunter's eyelashes flutter and his hand lets go of the sheet to reach up and rub his face. I reach over and poke him in the stomach too, which definitely does not feel the least bit squishy. His hand lazily strokes up and down my back and it gives me goose bumps. In an uncharacteristic move for Hunter, he kind of gathers me up tightly in his arms until my head is forced back and I'm looking up at him, and slowly rubs his lips over mine. He makes me smile. A/N: Thank you for reading my story. Damien couldn't help but lick his lips in delight at the gorgeous sight in front of him. Scott was fresh from the showers and bending over to slip on his pants, which was one of Damien's favorite positions for the sexy man. Scott jerked up his pants quickly, to hide the bare ass in question, glaring playfully over his shoulder, as he gave Damien a peak at those sexy, violet eyes. Scott jerked a shirt on as he stormed out of the room, trying to hide a grin, and heading for who knows where, while Damien snickered at his roommates expense. Scott might put up with his teasing, but Damien was pretty sure he'd draw the line at a flat out public jerk-off session. Suddenly remembering that he was late for breakfast, Damien jumped up off of the bed and cleaned up his mess with some tissues from his desk and tossed them in the trash. He jogged down the hall to the stairwell and hopped down the stairs two and three at a time. Damien just rolled his eyes and turned to see who drew the 'fuck with Damien' card for the day. After smiling sweetly at the arrogant ass, Damien turned back around and stepped forward in line, slapping a couple of eggs and a few sausage patties on his plate. Turning around quickly to see who'd disrespected his grub, Damien suddenly found himself with a big hand wrapped around his throat. Charles quickly released his grip on Damien's throat and he dropped to the floor like a dirty sock on laundry day. Damien knew that voice. Damien was getting tired of it too. He heard a few snickers and fag comments from the peanut gallery as they walked to their usual table near the back and sat down. Damien thought about it for a second and figured what the hell? With that settled, Damien rushed through his meal and headed for the dormitory door. Scott rolled his eyes at the comment and gave him that sexy grin. Damien giggled at Scott's angry words. Damien barely held back a sigh. A homecoming dance huh? He sat there daydreaming about all of the possible scenarios, and the morning slipped by in a haze like it usually did. They had a secret hiding place where they met in the basement of the school. They had to make it quick since they only had forty-five minutes to play and eat lunch -one perk he loved about this private school. James fumbled around in his crumpled pants on the floor, digging through pockets for a second, before striking gold. Nearly gagging from the movement, Damien pinned James' hips to the shelf behind them to keep him still and then grabbed his balls and started messaging them to help his buddy along. If sucking cock won trophies, Damien would be the first to admit that James would have a room full. His comment had obviously pissed James off because his friend ignored him for a few minutes while they scraped through the leftovers and finally ended up with grilled cheese and fries. The second those words crossed his lips, Damien knew he'd won the battle. James said with a smile as he stood up and headed off with his tray. The afternoon flew by after that, as Damien made plans in his mind for their shopping trip the following day. About six-thirty, Scott wandered in looking hot as hell -in a good way. Oh goody! Oops! Damien jumped up off of the bed and grabbed his trig book, then dashed out the door towards the cafeteria. The casual invitation surprised him. Scott shrugged like this should have been common knowledge. He was one step closer to completing his mission. Hmph. Walking towards the courtyard that exists in a square right smack in the middle of the school, I was just glad that I at least know my way around; I go to school in this building, after all. So. I passed the concession stand being run by STUCO, and since cans of pop are only fifty cents, I bought two. There were people hanging out at the boards, looking at the scores and pointing out ones they had some interest in, while others just glanced and drifted off. Our choir received a One in group and in the quartet, but I seriously doubt that they'll announce it over the intercom on Monday; they only ever announce the band scores at their competitions, because nobody ever seems to give a rat's ass about choir. He gave a glance towards the girl before he turned back to me and gave in with a sigh, digging into his pocket and producing a silver flip-phone. He jerked his head up, whipping his face in my direction and going rigid at seeing me, his mouth falling open in shock. Pink was on his face again, but he didn't seem to hesitate in finally moving forward, his arms reaching out and bringing me in for an easy kiss, his fingers cupping the back of my neck. god! into people's soda cans, and the mosquitoes were out in full force. even if I'd wanted to. talking. enough. set off the. preference for certain things. of magic, except maybe dragon magic. crack. wonder when another firewitch moved into the area. Firewitches. say that such things are very rare. on the far side of the black mountains. name. table. before that. asked, sounding surprised. him I will be but a moment. may I present the witch Shari, and his. the Tresnom Forest region. tightly around the startled Whitney. you. fireproof them. this angry. seems more. hand. Master. well, about those knights. you. "Mmm. protection. particularly fancy. the existing magic. magic too. Master Shari said quietly, his voice sounding. but surely there is something you must want for yourself. managed to break the worst of their fall. close as he could, savoring that feel, that smell. knowing he should move, run, change. familiar, when he could have anyone in the world. done. flaming puppet'. your temper. removed Shari's first. "Thinking that I may have had. just walk around naked. There were two things in particular that I liked about Oliver. We fell silent. Oliver's grasp of Chinese was the primary reason (I kept telling myself) that I had asked him to come with me when I decided to take a couple of weeks off to go to China to visit my aunt. Oliver walked quickly towards the train with me in tow. He stopped so suddenly that I almost ran into him. There were four bunks in the train compartment. Oliver sighed and repeated my question to her in Chinese. I was quite hungry as well. The whole setting somehow seemed charmingly like it belonged in the 1940's, which made me wish I had worn a suit. The meal was not as nice as the ones we had eaten in Beijing, but it was alright. On our way back to our compartment, I put my hand in Oliver's back pocket. When we reached the door to our compartment, Oliver grabbed my hand and turned around. I heard Oliver inhaling to say something, but I ignored him to make my way down the narrow but neat corridor. I climbed up to my own bunk. It was just that even though I felt tired, I couldn't fall asleep. Under my own covers, it was another story. The stupid train compartment was getting hot. I would have to do something about it. With tiny movements, I unbuttoned my boxers. Fact: The song titles that I use for the chapters are not mine. I hurried over to the silver convertible waiting for me. I looked at my reflection in the side mirror. I told her anything to stop the whining and complaining. I tensed in irritation then slowly let out a breath. I shook my head in disgust and ignored everything that she said until we pulled into our driveway. In the kitchen Cam was talking animatedly to my mom— Daniel McAllister. As for me, many people doubted what gender I actually was. But besides her poor choice on names, she was like any other mom. My mom married twice. Cameron stuck on her lower lip and pouted. Immediately Cameron soared. I met my mom's eyes or my eyes I guess you can put it. I escaped to my room, the only sanctuary I could find in this small house. While my family insists on pursuing their career paths that mingle with the celebrity world, my hidden talent has yet to take off. I see skateboarding as a type of art. I looked around my small room. It wasn't my best. Cameron slammed the door as an answer. Rory narrowed his eyes at the partial-stranger. She had the perfect grades and was on the golf team. Rory knew he was living in her shadow. Not like blond alpha-male. Finally, the savior Kristen appeared from her class. They got out to blond alpha-male's car, which was a surprising POS. Rory stared out the window and watched as people wove through the crowds, trying to get out of school. Once they were finally out of the school parking lot, they headed home. Kristen and her new beau had some conversation about what they should do. He wasn't an outside person. Kristen and blond alpha-male decided on the mall and left. Rory frowned and patted his stomach. Rory returned to his room and fingered through some of the magazines on his shelves. He admired the spread on ancient Greece, the ancient and worn body builders painted onto a wall. At that, he closed the magazine and carefully put it back in it's place. He jumped guiltily when he heard the garage door go up, signaling their mother coming home. Really? His mother sighed and went back downstairs. Later, dinner was called. Rory just nodded and mentally filed the name away. Rory escaped to his room, wanting to shut the door and lock himself away. Deacon sobered and seemed confused. Okay? Deacon stalled again, unfamiliar with such. The next day at school, Rory couldn't help it. If someone was into the alpa type, yes. Rory slid into one of the art rooms, absent of the teacher, as she was in a meeting. It sounded pretty childish to be working with, but he liked the watered-down look and being able to layer the colors. He focused on his work for a while, darkening pinks and reds with layer after layer of color. Rory's curiosity got the better of him during lunch. It was well documented that they did, in fact, engage in homosexual acts. Rory gaped in shock that the topic had come up. Rory sunk in his seat, eyes wide. Deacon broke out into a fit of laughs, and Kristen faltered. Rory didn't answer, and his door began to slowly open. Rory wasn't worried about getting in trouble. He's Just Teasing Rewrite Chapter OneDing Dong! That would be my mom, screaming her head off from her bedroom. There's something you should probably know about my sister. Hmph. From my room, I heard the door squeak open. These? NO! I slowly trudged down the stairs and into what was going to eventually, be our kitchen. My phone. He asked. She asked. Hah. He offered weakly. I stomped up to my room and started going through the numerous boxes I hadn't gotten around to unpacking yet. I locked my bedroom door and walked into my bathroom. I gave up a year ago. Any other person would have thought I struggled to keep my vow. I hated Riley for being pretty. I made a bet with myself that Riley had found a new boyfriend already. Faking enthusiasm is tough. Tim. Sometimes I wondered why she was still my friend. If there was one thing Riley liked more than boys, it was revenge. No, Riley didn't know I had sworn to give up on the male species. My secrets are harder to share with Riley than they used to be. Life Isn't a Video Game. I sighed. But, I didn't realize that until I finished replaying what you had said in my mind. You made my Monday. You smiled, nodding your head proudly. You asked if it was fate and I laughed so hard that tears began to form at the edge of my eyes. My smile disappeared as I looked down at my purse with guilt. I tucked a piece of my hair behind my ear as I gave you a weird look. you said before you left, giving me a nickname no one has called me since I was four. Then you said, December came rolling in, and I wondered if I should get you a Christmas present. You laughed at my expression. Not just for the pony pillow pet, but for being there for me. You watched me as I spoke, telling you all of this. You flinched. I figured you and your girlfriend had an argument, or a fight. And it hurt me, it really did. Even though you've been my best friend for almost five months now, I still had yet to meet your girlfriend. Bad? You laughed so hard people were beginning to give us looks. After your guffaw died down, you introduced me to more of your friends. How did I know? I gave you a small smile and nodded. I looked back at your picture and gave a tortured sigh. She was beautiful, kind and a ray of sunshine. Alex said that it happened on your second year anniversary. And two weeks later at the hospital. Alex told me how you beat yourself up for the accident. Oh, John, it wasn't your fault. I bit down my smile but nodded anyway. I grew angry at this. So, I punched you. I was crying now. With one last glance, you finally looked at me. But, you never answered. You yelled, stomping towards me in the middle of the hallway. The forward text read: After seven months of wondering about last year's golden couple, the sad truth is revealed. I looked back up at you, hurt you would think I would do such a thing. I was trembling, the pain in my chest increasing as you continued to yell a string of curses at me. I thought about our time together. I couldn't get you out of my head and it made me so frustrated. I had to do something. You're my best friend. I don't want to leave you, I really don't. As Amelia approached John's locker, her heart clenched. And beneath was the very same picture on his fridgerator. All she wanted was to go to work, go home and sleep. There was a sound of laughter somewhere, probably a few people in front of her. Oh, please. Why am I stupid? *For those of you who don't know what a freaking pillow pet is, you are deprived of this amazingness. Okay, so was that cheesy or what? (Heheh. SO, MY FIRST STORY. Whoever had bestowed Vale Cottage with its name, Melvin Knighton decided, must have had a decidedly ironic sense of humour. Cottage indeed. Grover sniffed disdainfully. Unaware of his valet's bitter reminiscences, Melvin had wandered up to the front door of the cottage. He really should have paid more attention to Great Aunt Eliza. Releasing a beleaguered sigh, Grover followed his employer inside. With no small amount of uncertainty, Tabitha approached the stairs. What did one call a loose woman without being rude? The jolly look had been wiped from Knighton's face. Knighton's smile reappeared as quickly as it had disappeared. Melvin really couldn't think of what he had done to deserve this. He thought he heard her snort, but couldn't be sure. Something in her expression changed, and a soft, curious light entered her eyes. Melvin strode up to the bed and pinched Royle's nose between his thumb and forefinger. By the time he got outside, the Royle siblings were deep in an argument. Melvin sighed. Now, if only he could recall what he should do. It wasn't until Tabitha reached home that she realized she was still in possession of Knighton's horse. Tabitha blinked at the horse one which she sat. She turned reluctantly. A.N. Yes, well, I decided to do this in chronological order. pneumothorax: Exactly how can the flower meanings seem 'implausible and created' if they're real? AngelofArtemis: I looked up various websites for the meanings of roses between 48 and 108, but I couldn't find any that fit, considering Adrian sent them a dozen at a time. And he wanted, ever so badly, to say yes, to ask her to help him (for it wasn't an often occurrence that someone actually took his words for real. He swallowed it down without chewing, like how his mother taught him to swallow those bitter pills. He told her. He muttered, repeating her words. And he was shorter than quite a few girls in class. Good thing, too. Perhaps it was the way his smouldering gaze held hers before she made the jump. A hiccup. He blurted out, and then mentally smacked himself for the sudden outburst. And she made her way to the private swimming pool her parents constructed for her practice purposes. She wasn't fazed by his question; silent as she climbed up the block and stood there, wobbling a little every now and then. No. He swam back around and snaked his arm around her waist before pulling her to him, their foreheads touching. And in an instance, he captured her lips with his own, smiling when he felt her giving in to the kiss, slowly relaxing in his arms. In other words, I won't be able to update at all until I settle down completely, so I thought I should post something up before I leave for the competition (HAHAHA. p/s: Random fact: I can't swim. At age five, he was a bit of bully. Realizing his candy was long gone and scattered on the cement; he quickly retrieved a few pieces from the graveled cement. At age ten, they were both fairly popular among the opposite sex. Sitting in the noisy cafeteria, Chas chewed on a carrot as his bored eyes drifted around, some of his friends talking about a new video game that came out, and the girls talking about their own little problems. Giggles were heard around the table, much to Jillian's embarrassment. Chas tilted his head as he paused his action filled game, glancing around his room as he tried his very best to actually recall a few things about the girl. Entering high school, Jillian and Chas made sure to match their schedules, not wanting to experience the division that often took place. He worried that she would soon turn into a girl obsessed with covering every inch of her face with loads of make-up. Jillian bit her fingernail fretfully as she sat in class next to Chas, hating how calm he looked for the big test. She burst into laughter, receiving a few looks from their classmates for taking their attention away from studying. He looked to the brunette underclassman, his blonde bangs pulled into a ponytail several of them found amusing He didn't care; they continued to get in his view when he was painting or hanging things up. Jillian heard the screech from her locker, her boyfriend long gone to head home. The underclassman that Chas asked to the dance watched the two interact, her smile slowly sliding from her face with her excitement slowly dying down. It didn't take a genius to see how he felt about Jillian. At age seventeen, after Jillian's handful of guys that didn't appreciate her and only left her with a broken heart, she was seeking comfort once again from her best friend. For a split second, the sniffling and tears stopped as her eyes darted to Chas, never hearing something so romantic coming from him. Something in him told him that this was the moment to finally make a move, even if she was hurting and just used his entire box of tissue. He watched as she covered her crimson face with both of her hands, her body entirely rigid underneath his. Jillian parked her car as she reached the airport, a little late in picking up Chas, who attended a bachelor party in Las Vegas. a/n: complete fluff. Golden rays fell upon Adam as he lay on his bed, sleeping. Adam Story, a scrawny boy, slowly rose from his bed and touched the clock. Adam stood in front of the mirror above his sink. A somewhat pale face stared back at him. The classroom setting was actually rather dull. Adam gasped for air, being his lungs were just startled and pounded into the next world. was all Adam muttered in his breathlessness. The laughter of a duo floated in the air, so harmonious you could compare it with a song of a barbershop quartet. Adam got a D in the test. He watched the people play on the green football field from the high point of the bleachers. But Adam couldn't see a thing. Adam's nose hurt. Tommy's statement wasn't bewildering to Adam. He had a rather sensitive contusion in the nose, but it fortunately wasn't broken. He was lucky to have a pair of old glasses hidden away in his room. He walked outside, in front of his house, to wait for the school bus. But unfortunately Tommy continued chivvying Adam along the way. Adam beseeched. Gary punched Adam in the face, hitting Adam's glasses. Adam began to cry and ran off. After he calmed down and the bleeding began to subside, he decided to skip school. Adam returned home at the usual time, as he would if he had been in school. Adam's mother, Adelaide, exclaimed when she saw Adam's cuts. Adam really didn't care to hear. but still! some other rational explanation that didn't involve. Christine scowled at him. the bags seemed. odd. day. the doorway. no flash of light, just. hesitated, and Conall could almost see her biting her lip. I guess. could almost hear Christine grimace. again, Conall drew in a deep breath. Conall, I didn't. convenient. told him before they'd died. was eyeing him was any indication. the unruly ones, but now he realized it was actually his. have been really bad if you hadn't come. cupcakes. Milk. couldn't possibly be seeing. to choke out. after. Brownie. Conall stilled. Author's Note: If you haven't read To Feel the Sun, you might want to. Hey all! I couldn't help the feeling of jealousy that bubbled up when I watched the bride and groom dance. So forgive me if I sounded bitter, but I wondered if their marriage would last. I made a grunt to let her know I acknowledged what she was saying. I glanced around the reception hall, where I saw Valerie talking with some of Jonah's other friends from law school. I snorted to myself as I sipped at champagne. And that was the crux of the matter. I hadn't eaten much of the rather expensive catered meal, and I feigned that I didn't want to get my dress dirty when asked by Cassie, Gracie's other bridesmaid. The groomsman I'd been matched with, one of Jonah's oldest friends from college named Wyatt, crouched down by my chair. Wyatt flashed me that grin, and touched my hand. He got up, and joined Zach and Jonah's brother Brandon. I lost myself in my thoughts again as I gazed at the large gathering of people in the hall. Finally, The three groomsmen and Sarah made their way tot he DJ, who announced that they had a special musical interlude. When the first measures of 'Dare to be Stupid' started playing, Gracie started laughing so hard Jonah had to hold her up. After the rousing rendition, the real dancing started. I didn't like to think that. he said, grabbing my arm before I could smash into him. I said, and stepped back so the man would drop his hand. Of course he'd know who I was. He smiled, and disappeared into the crowd of people. As the reception wore on, with bouquet tosses (Gracie's cousin Olivia caught it), and garter toss (Devon caught it, and promptly proceeded to snap it into Sarah's face, causing Gracie's twin to pull him into a headlock. But my mind was a million miles away, and when I was in the cab going home, pulling pins from my hair, I wondered if it was worth it. I pulled on an old t-shirt of Carlin's, curled up in my bed, and cried myself to sleep. I found good restaurants no one had heard of, I found bad restaurants that were all the rage, bars that were no more than dives, hot dance clubs, tiny diner's, everything. Which I'd never finished. On the night of my birthday, I ventured into a themed restaurant called Ruby and Fleur de lis. I didn't eat much, but sketched the waiters and waitresses, and the jazz band. I left the restaurant, my mind abuzz with jazzy music and remembering lines from the musical. I bit back laughter as I gathered up my sketchbook. he said, and shifted so that only his shoulders were pressing against the street sign. I blinked a few times, and watched as several people hurried past us. I said, in spite of better judgment. Devon said. I said, and patted his arm. The rest will be longer, i promise! Her sneakers were soaked as she ran through the mud spring brought. She glanced around nervously as she ran, afraid of doing anything rash. She panted heavily deciding what to do next. She contemplated her two options, run, or fight. She took a step back tentatively deciding what to do. Another growl to her left sprung her into action; she saw a glimpse of light grey fur. It wasn't the best written story, and it wasn't always as funny as I would have liked, but many people enjoyed it. Julian, Eve, Dederick, and all the other characters thank you for liking them, and for going on a journey with them. A/N: Yes, another story. My eyes flew open as I realized that the sunlight burning my leg meant that morning had arrived. My mother is a specialist in English - she taught high school level English in our small town, Tourney, and will be starting a new position as an English professor in this new city. She didn't bother responding, so I quickly rinsed out my glass, tossed it in the dishwasher, and dashed back up the stairs to get ready in. I called back, focused on finding the office. Lydia da Silva stood before me in all her preppy glory. I blushed. Figures. I gaped at him as I fell into step. Well, wasn't that embarassing? He grabbed my upper arm and pulled me to a stop. . she told me, her eye twitching in an uncomfortable manner to watch. Nevertheless, I mumbled a quick 'sorry' and ran out the dark-blue door and into the light-blue hallway. I figured it shouldn't be too hard because the locker numbers were increasing. I turned around to find a guy standing a few feet away. a group of girls called out, alternating between giggling at the guy beside me - Ashton? he simply said as we passed them. He shuddered again and pointed to himself. His logic somehow made sense to me. Oh, and I'm beautiful. I sighed. I groaned. Even though there was a door between us, I could tell that he had a sheepish grin on his face. I yelled, half heartedly. He let me down, flashing me a wide grin. What I failed to mention about my brother was that he had a habit of singing in the shower. I could still hear Matt singing, all the way down to the kitchen. Apparently, the singing was contagious, as I sang along to the songs playing on TV while I made my perfect breakfast. Unfortunately for me though, his idiot friend was out of the shower. Now, you're probably a little confused as to what my name is, what with Matt calling me Anna, and. He grinned at me. I stood up. I made sure that I hit him as I jumped the couch. I rolled my eyes. I glanced at him suspiciously, as I placed the coffee on the counter behind me. I answered. I yelled. Unfortunately, he didn't factor in all the events of the morning - being woken up at 7 by an annoying brother, finding out his jackass friend is in your house, having your coffee stolen by said jackass friend, not to mention your phone. Or, rather, I tackled him to the ground in a fit of aggression. Unfortunately, my morning was not destined to get any better. There She Goes My friend, Caitlin, wanted to know. she said, confused. I said with disbelief. I said, defensively. Oh God. I said, slamming the boot down with a red face. I don't know. I said, nodding my head. He said, shoving his hands into his pockets, his other eyebrow lifting up as well. And. As he said tiny he poked my biceps and laughed some more. He shook his head, laughing. He walked off; laughing some more, as if the idea was ridiculous. I tried pushing it. I can do this. I took my phone out from my pocket and dialled. A guy called from underneath a very sweet looking Porsche. Before I could stop myself I was walking over there drawn like a bee to honey with his silky smooth (and somewhat familiar? It didn't take me very long to register, he was barely halfway sitting up, and I'd already registered. His hello wasn't a nice hello, and not a mean one either, but a teasing one. Not really. I said looking anywhere but at him. He said, and added insult to injury. He said, still spinning that spanner in his hand, oh his hand, and now he was wearing less than he was before, before when he offered his help on my car for the first time, I mean. I said frowning, and I turned, walking over to the car and starting to pretend like I was doing something. But as soon as I turned around I found Him leaning against one of the wide gates of the repair shop, singing to the radio with a smile,  He turned his head to smile at me, mockingly. I said, frowning at him. I stared at him, arms still crossed. Still staring at him, hopefully with an unreadable expression (as um, my thoughts wouldn't do my dignity much justice, had he known them). He looked up from the car; I know he looked up from the car as soon as the word 'Henry' past through the pimple faced pizza boy's lips. He said from where he stood, closing the hood of my car and slinking over with a smile. I said, confused. he wanted to know, tapping his chin mock-thoughtfully. Pepsi. I heard a snort of laughter coming from the direction of – well, he hadn't even had the courtesy of telling me his name, as of yet. he laughed, shaking his head at me. I smiled with and with a  left him and my car to themselves, tossing the keys over my head. Waiting out here all day. Familiarity and all, I still couldn't believe he'd been waiting for me, who was and is anything but sexy. I blinked, and tried not to look too stunned at the 'go screw him or something' and the fact she seemed so cool about it, telling me to go screw him, I mean. I nodded. Well. I said to the mass of brown hair that had a pretty brunettes hands raking right through it. I said and took the keys, smiling down at his bowed self. My jaw dropped and closed, staring at him with incredulity. I walked out of the garage, leaving Adriane with his twinkling eyes and smug look. I barely got now out, and he had me against my car door, he was bent over me, a hand either side of me. It was the best thing I'd ever felt. I said, mortified. Though from the sounds of things Mum didn't have a clue about anything. He said as if it were obvious. I wanted to know. I swallowed. He smiled against my lips,  he sung and then we got so into the kiss he forgot the words. Sebastian threw the newspaper and magazines down on the table in front of his two best friends, who broke away from a lazy kiss in curiosity. Since the event Jared has made the decision to take a break from Jonathon of three years and of acting. Seb asked as they took their usual seat at the edge of the class. Cole walked to class in his usual very aware state; he was permanently on the lookout for the guys that would jump him just because he was man enough to admit being gay and unashamed of his relationship. The teacher grunted and sat down. He asked. She'd already started flirting with him by third period and was asking him what he thought about being so similar to someone who was famous and what he thought about her dress. Sophia shrieked as she came into sight. She said patronisingly,  She carried on and Seb gave his friends an apologetic roll of the eyes. She said sweetly, if a little hesitantly. Sophia sniffed in annoyance. Nick was a little confused about his relationship with Cole. Cole chased him for four months before Nick agreed to a date. Cole snorted,  He stopped the car outside his house and they climbed out. He grumbled,  Cole laughed and moved to straddle him. A/N: This is a picture of the car if anyone's interested. I am taking this story down both because of plagiarism problems and for copyright issues. Because next, they'd always point to Crow's beak. Tanner couldn't say the word 'yellow. He couldn't explain, then, why the word 'yellow' was so awful for him to hear, and he still can't fully explain it now, eighteen years later. Things like not cutting along the dotted line of a coupon just right, and having to wear matched socks (which, honestly, wasn't all that weird in Tanner's opinion). His mother, unfortunately, was at a loss for how to teach a boy who couldn't hear the word 'exam' without looking like he needed to throw up. He has known Japheth since he was fifteen and they met at a homeschooling get-together. They've been friends since then, long enough for Japheth to have learned most of Tanner's Habits. Japheth is nice, his mother says. He worries, now, that he'd been too quick to agree to this whole thing. Tanner ushers Roz in, looking forlornly at his left hand, which has not been shaken. Gloria is just a little too frazzled for Tanner's taste in people, but when you only have two friends and a mom to count on, you think twice about throwing somebody over because they forget to double-knot both their shoes every now and then. Tanner met her a few semesters ago in a philosophy class (which was full of some terribly prickly words like 'existentialism' and 'Plato' and 'teleological', but also gave him an arsenal of lovely words like Sartre a priori Marxist. She also seems to be on the same degree track as Tanner because she's ended up in at least one class with him every semester since. She frowns, but doesn't press it. And for the most part, these things don't change much. Tanner closes his eyes and takes deep breaths through his nose (he read in a self-help book somewhere that this was a good calming technique). Tanner starts to stumble back into panic. Japheth puts a hand on his arm, and Tanner flushes red-hot, knowing that it means they'll have a conversation later. Tanner wants to tell him it's not. As he cuts carefully along the dotted line, Roz starts humming a Frank Sinatra song and Tanner's hands go shaky. Roz barks out a surprised laugh,  He smiles at his feet (and it strikes Tanner suddenly that it's because he's thinking of Japheth. Tanner, who tries very hard not to feel sorry for himself most of the time, somehow knows that Roz isn't pitying him, just calling it like he sees it. After Roz leaves the next day, Japheth spends a lot of time pretending like nothing happened, and Tanner spends a lot of time letting him. For his part, Japheth mostly stays out of the way. And then Tanner feels silly because of course Roz isn't badmouthing Japheth. Tanner mumbles. He decides, then, that he won't say anything else to Japheth about being quieter during sex, please. It's been nice having him around, is all. She's got a smudge of foundation under her right eye, and it's killing him. he says, thinking: was I? Gloria says. When he gets back to his apartment, Roz and Japheth are sprawled on the living room floor, breathing heavy. Japheth falls suddenly quiet. Tanner throws a pillow over his head. And what's Roz's deal anyway? He keeps the pillow squashed against his face for a long time, and when he finally takes it away, there's silence in the next room. Tanner guesses it's decided then. He's about to call the whole thing off when they pull up to her apartment and she's waiting out front and she's got a dress on. Tanner takes a deep breath and gets out of the car. He cracks a smile to let Gloria know he's joking. In the rearview, Roz is looking at Tanner. He buys Gloria's ticket and the four of them settle into their seats, with Japheth next to Tanner for moral support and Gloria and Roz on the ends. Tanner doesn't even check to make sure the bathroom is empty before he starts tapping on the wall to his right. Tanner shakes his head. Roz stands by the door while Tanner finishes. Tanner nods, thinking that Roz is probably right. Tanner lies, Tanner avoids Gloria after that. The problem is, now he only has Japheth, and recently Japheth's been kind of a downer. Tanner looks away, and wonders why he doesn't feel any better. Tanner says,  he's going to say he'll go. Tanner sits on the couch for a long time after that, trying to figure out how the whole thing could have gone differently. But then he wishes Japheth was home, because that's who Roz should be here to see. Not surprisingly, Tanner has never been kissed. Tanner spends the rest of the night tapping walls and thinking font small Japheth. On the one hand, he can't stop thinking about Roz. Maybe it's not something you tell. Japheth says, slumping against the wall. Tanner tries to think of anything he could say that would change all of this. There's a moment where Japheth opens his eyes and looks at Tanner and Tanner knows: yes, it's because of him. Roz says,  He leans over and crosses out the word himself. Tanner can hear the nervous smile in his voice and he feel horrible for it. Suddenly arms are clamping around his body, holding him as he thrashes against the embrace. says Roz. Roz steps close behind him, weaving their fingers together, but keeping loose enough for Tanner continue counting. Those words hit him harder than any others he's heard in a long time. He leans forward, a breath away from the back of Roz's back hand, and presses his forehead against the wall. He nods, not quite sure what he's resigning himself to, but too shaky to stay still. As hot breath flutters against the back of his neck, Tanner's heart rate picks up speed. Roz's hands are under his shirt, pressing hot against this upper back, curving Tanner's body towards him. Roz looks up at him from where he's sprawled across Tanner's chest. Tanner looks up at the tousled man standing at his kitchen table. day. Miss Alvarez! wasn't enough. to Tyler. household laundry. go well. so much. that? other things. What's wrong? Jerry has been asking me that for the past two weeks. Because I am so not telling him why I've been acting like a rabid dog whenever I'm around him. But what does he expect me to do? No, it isn't. The Crystal Room is not, as I first imagined, made entirely of crystal (even though that would have been so cool). As if he's proud of it. You know what else? Jerry sighs exasperatedly, as if he's tired of me. I narrow my eyes at him. He hangs up the phone and he's grinning at me as if he has some kind of secret. I mean, Jerry has been acting weird lately. And he's going to tell them that my face gets all blotchy and red when I eat strawberries because I'm allergic to them, I just know it. And what did he mean,  Before WHAT? someone calls my name. Jerry turns to me and kisses me sweetly. But whatever. Oh god, who am I kidding? Jerry takes my hand and leads me over by the tables. I wait for his heart to fail, but to my delight, he laughs merrily as Jerry's dad wheels him over to his table. See, even little Lucy knows when it's time to pop the question, which apparently Jerry isn't going to do, ever. When dinner is served, I don't really eat any of it because I'm still paranoid about Jerry's plan. Finally Ben, Jerry's best friend, tears me from my gloom and asks me to dance, since the DJ finally stopped playing the High School Musical Soundtrack and put on romantic, slow music. After a few songs, Jerry, to my surprise (and delight – Ben squished eight of my ten toes. Just kidding! I head over to the chocolate fountain and grab a few marshmallows to drown my sorrows. I'm about to reply, 'Yeah, maybe at his ninetieth birthday party," but I hear Jerry call my name. It's probably a stupid picture of Grandpa's head photoshopped onto Rocky's body or something. Because I know. My eyes quickly fill with hot, angry tears, and finally I tear my eyes from that stupid cake and raise them to meet Jerry's expectant ones. But I won't let him catch me. . I refuse to look him in the eyes so I look all around me, and I see the bewildered faces of Jerry's parents and my dad, the sad faces of Gaby and Lucy, and the sleeping face of Grandpa James. I look down at the ground instead because I'm so embarrassed. Because Jerry just looks so adorable. I open my mouth to point out, that Tristan does, in fact, laugh. One time, there was this guy named Steve, but I always refer to him as Sleazy Stevey, because, well, he was a total sleaze. he says sounding a little panicky, and putting his hands on my shoulders so I can't turn away. And then, the choir is singing, and the birds are tweeting, and puppies are all being taken from their puppy mills and being brought to happy little homes, and I'm able to ignore the fact that Jerry just told me that I'm like an ugly, dull rhinoceros, because Jerry really wants to marry me. Then Jerry and I are grinning like the biggest idiots on earth, and everyone is clapping and whistling for us, but I don't really care, because I'm finally, finally, finally engaged! That's my fiancée (I love being able to say that). Well, there you have it, folks. That's all he ever calls me now. Then again, I kind of am. Bishop is the captain of the football team. I am the rather opinionated girl next door. But now, I can practically feel my eyes solidifying. I reply noncommittally, waiting to see if he'd notice. I'd caught my breath back then, my first time getting up close with the school God himself. His trademark smile flashes widely. He names a restaurant near my place, and I nod. Despite the fact that I had gone out with another guy while he was  me, he didn't give up. I was still aloof to the point of Arctic cold. After that, we'd been inseparable. Junior year had ended on an all-time high. My mother's kitchen smelled of baking pie crust and brewing tea, and I savored the warm scent as I walked into it, coming through the side door of the house. Though she was well past middle age and wearing a reindeer Christmas sweater, my mother still looked wily and strong with her gray hair and clear eyes. Chris was sitting across from the table from my mother, his work Blackberry in his lap as he swept mildly concerned eyes over my disheveled appearance. Mr. Nelson, a neighbor of my mother's, had been kind enough not to comment on the twigs stuck in my hair or the snow on my bum which had so plainly indicated that I had fallen right on it. Chris said. I shrugged out of my heavy winter coat and laid it on the marble countertop next to my mittens. My eyes flew open and met a pair of smiling eyes that always reminded me of a late afternoon sky – a dark, shining blue. I never understood why he and Chris were friends; they were polar opposites. Sometimes it hurt to look at Oliver. he said disbelievingly, and stood up. It was the evening before New Year's Eve. Oliver appeared at my side and handed me a knife to cut the pie. I laughed, and glanced behind at Chris, who was talking with my mother at the table. I was still watching his face and I knew I was not looking at him the way I should be looking at my boyfriend's roommate. I clicked off the bathroom light after I had washed my face, brushed my teeth, and put on my nightie. Something about the way he said my name made me very conscious of the fact I wasn't wearing a bra and that my nightie was exceptionally short. I made the mistake of looking back when he replied,  in that rumbling voice. He caught me looking and there was a flare of something in his eyes. What had just happened? I shook my head, opening the door to the room. I decided to get up around dawn; the sky was brightening outside our small window. Putting on my coat, I ventured out into the backyard where the grass was heavy with dew, splashing onto the toes of my boots. I sat there for some time. Then my mind turned to Oliver, Chris' complete opposite. Surprised, I turned to find Oliver walking a good ways down the dock towards me. I shook my head and smiled back tentatively, not knowing how to act about last night's…whatever it was. He breathed deeply and looked out on the lake, his breath making a cloud as he exhaled. He laughed again. he said with a saccharine smile. I threw a piece of cereal at him as he approached the table and narrowed my eyes. I grinned at him, slid the milk over to him, and returned to reading the page in front of me. Chris' voice came from the doorway. It began to snow heavily by mid-morning. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Oliver tense and he set down his coffee mug down a little harder than necessary on the counter. The power went out as I was in my room, struggling to zip the back of my dress. I heard Chris huff from that direction, too. I rolled my eyes at him, but it was too dark for him to see. It felt like a slap. Chris followed her and once he had left the kitchen, I took a step forward to go into the living room, but not before a hand took my elbow and another zipped up the top half of my dress. There were only two logs remaining for the fire, which wasn't enough to get us through the night. I walked back into the kitchen and slipped into my boots that were by the door. Snow immediately hit my face and legs and I trudged through a good foot of it, going around to the other side of the house. Gathering what I could find in my arms, I deposited the sticks by the side of the house, where they were sheltered from the storm. My lips began to tremble, whether from emotion or the cold, I didn't know. Big hands grabbed my upper arms and whipped me around. In one swift movement, he slid the hand into my hair and gripped it hard, and then a pair of warm lips captured mine with a ferocity I hadn't expected. The wind wasn't even cold as it lashed against us. There was a voice in the distance, but we paid no mind to it. I wasn't quite sure what I was feeling. Oliver stood up as well, and we all stood near the fireplace with our champagne glasses. I blew out a breath and tucked my hair behind my ears. Chris kissed me full on the mouth. There was a sudden gasp from my mother, and tearing my eyes away from Oliver's, I noticed Chris had gotten on one knee and was holding up a small, velvet, black box. His face turned to stone. My mother had gone to bed soon after Chris stormed out of the house. He grabbed the glasses and followed me into the kitchen. Color rose into his cheeks. The next morning, we ate Lucky Charms without milk because the power hadn't come back on yet and the milk had gone bad. The fire had dissolved into embers overnight and the morning was cold. Just a little one-shot :) I was just struck with a sudden urge to write this – hope you guys liked it! leader of his family. chuckled and shook his head. love you. I'm trying something different. If you still want to read any of my stories, please go to and message me. Mackenzie Ashby was sitting with her friend Kira at lunch when it all turned to hell. she glanced up at the clock, for the last half hour she had been listening about school rules and how what she did was wrong, whatever. Dean asked, he wanted to get practice over with. Mac grinned and dropped her bag to the floor. The Coach said and the whole team groaned. Dean asked, making a face. Dean couldn't back out with the whole team watching but he didn't want to play games with her either. Dean and Mac took to the center of the court while everyone watched from the sides. If Dean was honest with himself he'd admit that Mac surprised him. They had lived next door to each other for the last ten years and never once did they get along. Shall I tell you a little bit about myself? My name's Alyssa Andrews, and I live in suburban London. This brings me along to another topic with 'OVER-PROTECTIVE PARENTS' written all over it; when we were about to be assigned our exchange students from America (as part of our multi-cultural project), my father sent in a letter to my school. Because of my parents' lack of trust in me (and them constantly trying to wrap me in cotton wool) I have never had a boyfriend. Becca is probably the loudest and most dramatic person I have ever known; I've always told her that it's a pity that she doesn't go to drama club. Callum, on the other hand, is an athlete…but can never really be bothered most of the time, since he hates most of the cocky guys that he has to train with, and is friendlier with Jay. Came Becca's answer as we turned a corner into languages, where our form was located with Mrs Generive. To be honest, I wasn't exactly looking that forward to the American exchange students coming…I mean, what if they didn't like me? Also, because of my dad and mum, it wouldn't be a guy that I would get as an exchange. Jay grinned. I've always been the upfront kind of girl who knows what she wants, knows how to get it, and gets it. He never outright insults me to my face, but it's been implied on more than one occasion with words he doesn't think I know the meanings of. But Tanner Williams is alluring and infuriating all at the same time. A/N: FINALLY. Now that being said, I'm asking all of you to keep an open mind about plot twists, characters, etc. The viewing appointment she'd scheduled with the client had originally been set for 5:00. Almost thirty minutes later, the woman finally decided to just give up. Rhonda nodded as she took back the pen and contract. Yeah. finally concern. It was a Monday morning and Lindsey, being the most popular girl in school was making her rounds of making everyone else feel like shit. Lindsey went on. Jackie wasn't always a loser; she was the most popular girl at her old school. Jackie had an older brother and sister but they were in University and doing well. Lindsey sing-songed. Unfortunately for Jackie it was a warm summer's day and she was wearing on the totally wrong attire. Lindsey always had friends and acquaintances to be around. Jackie missed her friends so much. Lindsey asked out loud snapping Jackie back to her mortifying reality. Jackie nearly fainted, but for now she would be okay. After the other girls dissipated to class, Jackie strode past Lindsey and walked to class. Mrs. Woods, their chemistry teacher bought it and told Lindsey she could finish it tonight and hand it in tomorrow. Mrs. Woods replied. Jackie couldn't take it anymore. Lindsey smiled and casually leaned back in her chair. Lindsey looked out the adjacent window for a little while and looked back at Jackie. Jackie thought. Chemistry was over and the two girls went to English class. Mrs. Ledger was a teacher who would talk about everything but nothing all class long and would not notice the paper balls thrown across class or the spit balls flying. Jackie didn't waste any of her time though. Finally the boring English class was over. Jackie found herself giggling at the sight. Lindsey was the first to stand up. Since Jackie had no friends, she spent lunch hour eating in front of her locker and writing in her journal. Finally lunch was over and Jackie gulped down the last piece of the PB&amp;J sandwich her mom packed for her. Jackie gave a cold look and went to the large fountain to wash her sticky peanut buttery hands. By this time, Lindsey was bored out of her mind. Jackie took her foot off the handle and the water came off. Lindsey spun around to see a smirking Jackie leaning confidently against the wall. Suddenly Lindsey shoved Jackie into the wall. Jackie went wide eyed. Lindsey made notice of Jackie's silence and decided to move along. Lindsey moved her head closer and pressed her lips onto Jackie's soft neck. Jackie was feeling all of these new sensations and didn't know what to make of them. Lindsey smiled into Jackie's neck as she felt her shaking. Out of nowhere, Jackie took her free right hand and placed it on Lindsey's hip. a girl wailed while walking in backwards to the washroom. Jackie bit her lips gave a quick glance to Lindsey and raced out of the washroom to her locker. Beep…. didn't care. Ring…. already! Ring…. Ring…. Text copyright © 2011 by S.C. StephensAll Rights Reserved. According to the channel four weatherman, it was the hottest summer on record in Seattle. Sweat poured down the back of my t-shirt and I momentarily cursed my fashion choice. But then I smiled, remembering why I was wearing it and what I was doing in this crowd of sweaty bodies. I looked over at my best friend, my coworker and my confidante—Jenny. Squealing a little in my growing eagerness, I clutched her arms back. A sudden eruption of sound disrupted my conversation and my eyes automatically darted to the stage. The assemblage before the outdoor stage started jumping and hollering as Matt and Griffin hopped on stage first. On the opposite end of the spectrum, Griffin, his attention-seeking, horn dog of a cousin, ran up and down the front of the stage, smacking people's hands and pumping his fist in the air. Several people around Jenny and I laughed and looked at us. Evan had come up during the middle of that display, and seeing Griffin sexually harass us, he looked over our way. I grinned and shook my head, amazed and amused at how my rocker boyfriend could affect people. Kellan walked up to his microphone slowly. I bit my lip as he finished his saunter to his mic stand. As his face turned away, hopefully looking for me out in these masses, I studied his jaw line—strong, masculine, so freakin' sexy it hurt. As Kellan's eyes finished with one half of the crowd, they swung over my way. The stupid girls behind me started moaning that he'd said it to them. Instead, I discreetly mouthed that I love him too and gave him a couple of thumbs up. Slinging a guitar over his shoulder, he wrapped his hand around the microphone. He raised an eyebrow after he said that, eyeing some of the women up front a little too suggestively for my taste. He held up a finger to quiet the crowd. I noticed Matt shaking his head, smiling as he flexed his hand. Kellan brought his hand up to his ear. It was like watching his soul come alive as he smiled down at me. The song was fast, catchy, and even though I'd heard it a bazillion times, I started jumping up and down with the excitement of it. His voice cut through the music, perfectly on time. He beamed as he strummed and sang. The song ended with a thunderous reaction from the crowd, even the guys directly in front of me. It bothered me a little, but I let it go. As he propped a foot on a speaker and leaned out to grab a fan, I idly wondered why that one. And Kellan was good with keeping most of his flirtations on the stage. As the heat only increased throughout their set, I started to wonder if Kellan might strip down. I wasn't sure how I felt about women ogling my boyfriend in that way. Once their allotted time had diminished, the band members each gave small bows and Kellan thanked the crowd for listening. The crowd around us started shifting, some staying to watch the next show, some leaving to check out another venue. Giggling, Jenny locked her arm with mine and pulled us towards the side of the stage. Waiting in the spot where I knew Kellan would eventually appear, I, for a moment, wished I was forward enough to sneak behind the fence. After what seemed like an eternity, Kellan came out, sans guitar, sans the rest of the guys. Immediately his arms were around me, sweeping me into a hug. So, giggling as he lifted me up, I made sure to sling my arms firmly around his neck so he couldn't get too carried away. His eyes sparkled in a shaft of sunlight as he grabbed my shoulders and squatted down to look me square in the eye. His face beamed even more at my praise, then he seemed to notice something that he hadn't before. I flushed all over. Just as I was about to come up with some response to his comment, Kellan was attacked. As Kellan started signing things and getting his picture snapped with cell phones, I shook my head. My cheeks flamed hot and I felt a knot of tension in my stomach. I looked over my shoulder at Evan. Evan's jovial face was grinning at Kellan as he slung his tattooed arm around Jenny's waist. I glanced over at Kellan, now smashed in-between two girls kissing his cheeks while a third forever captured the moment with her camera. With Jenny by his side, Evan signed autographs and made playful small talk with complete strangers. My eyes darted to Kellan's broad back, where a woman had her hand resting a little too low for my taste, and I quickly averted them. Attached to Matt's arm was his equally quiet girlfriend, Rachel. The last D-Bag to stroll into the awaiting crowd was less adorable. Matt's near identical released a girl he'd just deep-throated and swung his head around, looking for more prey. Wanting to gag, I twisted to leave. Chuckling, Kellan kissed my head. Twisting us around, his arm firmly attached to my waist, Kellan started walking us away from the private area and back to the main part of the park. Fixing my focus back on the man beside me, I slung my other arm around his waist, cinching him tight. He'd only been nineteen at the time, away from their torture for only a year, since he'd run away to Los Angeles right after high school. Griffin coming up and clapping Kellan on the back snapped me out of my dark thoughts. Looking down at me, Kellan started to ask me what I wanted to do. My hand reached up to securely tighten in his hair. Gathering my senses, I smacked his chest and started to storm off. Smiling in that seductive, devilish way that he could, he nodded his head up the concrete path, opposite of where I'd been going. Shaking my head out of my steamy thoughts, I started marching up the path towards the one craving I'd let myself cave into here. Once we were all full of food and music, and enough memories to cement this day into our brains forever, we all met back up at the staging area so the guys could get their instruments. With Matt, Griffin and Kellan all having guitar cases slung over their backs, our group earned a lot more attention than before. Stopping for a few more autographs and pictures, it seemed to take forever to get to the parking lot. Smiling at them, I waved goodbye as they headed off together in Jenny's car, probably on their way to Pete's, since Jenny had to work tonight. I congratulated Matt as I gave him a scant, one-armed hug. Griffin, perhaps seeing that I was doling out hugs to D-Bags, decided that he wanted to be a D-Bag, too. Kellan laughed and clapped him on the back before twisting to open the door of his sleek muscle car. I laughed as I leaned over to kiss him. maybe how a guy molested you"? him. my house? going at a fast speed. you see that sign? right there". I looked down at the puddle that was forming around me. I remember those thoughts flooding through my head and I remember that I didn't think much of what those thoughts were really about. I know what you're thinking because believe me I would be thinking it too. Yep that's right ladies and gentlemen the beautiful and talented Callia Gabriella failed to follow through with her attempt at suicide. Do you still want to know? Anyways! Gideon knows for a fact just how unpleasant I can be. I hope you enjoy hearing a little story about my life and hope you are happy with the information given towards you. A.N. Alright for those of you who are confused this is just a little way to introduce one of my characters. And that's what Kelsey was afraid of. But knowing her, she'd still find a way. The good news is that a large part of this is already written, which means (relatively) quick updates, albeit short ones. Jake, my older brother, just got home from Afghanistan like two weeks ago. I nod, smiling a little. Between us, the pinky swear is the most sacred of promises. She tosses her head and walk away. I guess it wasn't surprising that after years of games of one-on-one with me, and hours and hours on the ice that he would decide go out for the ice hockey team during the spring of our freshman year. So now, instead of spending the last few weeks of vacation with me by the lake or the town pool, he'd be sweating them out on the ice, wearing padding and being tackled by 200lb guys. So who am I? Inwardly I sighed. I glanced around at everyone else in our calc class. I rolled my eyes and turned forward. I could hear the smile in his voice. I glanced at the time and started to shove my stuff in my bag. . Emma was apsychology major and right now she was doing gender studies. I grabbed my bag and hurried out of the cafeteria. He grabbed my arm and pulled me up. Without thinking, I stood on my tip toes and put my hand on his chest. That's what I told myself as I sat in my dorm room reading my economics book. Just as the title showed up, my roommate burst into the room, swaying. Before I knew what I was doing I had stood up and was out the door, I heard my roommate giggle a goodbye after me. I called over my shoulder as I headed for the stairs. The room was cleaner than I expected. I shrugged. I muttered heading to the room. he smiled,  He grabbed the back of his shirt and pulled it off. Snapping out of it, I snatched his shirt and threw it in the sink,  I said smiling sweetly,  I set to work pouring the peroxide on the bloodstains. He took his hands off the counter, and crossed his arms, almost defensively. I repeated, laughing lightly,  Logan crashed his lips onto mine, grabbing the back of my head. I couldn't help it, I started laughing. Ceana knew that her peace and quiet had come to an end the moment she heard her name on the wind. Ceana groaned and snapped her book shut. If only her uncle would return from his travels. However he had not returned for some three months and, under her Fathers rule, she was to be as he told her to be. Her Father, the lard of McMillan keep, was a harsh man after all. Her mother had been beaten all the days of her life. He gave her an encouraging nod as she past and she smiled her gratitude. She took a moments pause at the doorway to compose herself. The hall was freezing cold despite the summer warmth outside and the hanging tapestries swung ominously in the breeze. Ceana swallowed her bile and did as he asked, taking a seat at the table next to her Fathers right hand man, Ian. She self consciously readjusted the scarf around her neck when she felt eyes on her again. Ceana's heart fell to its death into the pit of her stomach. Lard Douglas had a reputation of beating his wives to death. Ceana swallowed the lump in her throat and cast her eyes down to her hand which lay clasped in her lap. Or, she would marry this man. Her Father arose from the table and opened his arms for an embrace. He cast her a warm smile and reached over to affectionately pat her cheek, as he always did. Ceana clutched the dish to her chest and waited for good news. Fergus gave a tight smile and reached into his sporran and pulled from it a small leather sack. Her Uncles eyes shot up with surprise and he cast her a questioning glance. Fergus's voice had grown darker and the clinking of the coins grew louder. Father may love his brother as much as he was capable of loving anyone, but he would ever stand for someone questioning him. Fergus slammed the coins down on the table with an angry slap. Ceana gently set the plate back down on the table and quietly made her exit as well. Ceana cast her face to the strong wind and inhaled the scent of her country. Even though there were no candles to light her way, she had made the trip so many times that she knew she could walk it in her sleep. The door creaked a bit as she pushed it open and shut it once she had slipped inside. He sounded tired. Fergus let out a heavy sigh and turned his back to her. She demanded, arising to her feet and casting her best glare at his back. He turned to gaze at her over his shoulder for a moment, as if to judge her commitment to her demand. Whatever it was, Ceana knew it must be important. But it didn't say anything. It showed a loch or a body of water, she knew that much. Standing on the footpath, the nervous young woman looked up at the height of the skyscraper building that her job interview was to take place in and she bit back a strangled cry as she hoped that it wouldn't be on the top floor because just the change of altitude could make her motion sick. A woman rushed in behind her, cursing about her being stood in the way, and made her way over to a lift. She smiled at the woman appreciating the friendly face before rifling through her handbag. She admitted to the woman before taking a deep breath and smiled. Wolf Stone sighed as he sat in his office and listened to his receptionist talk on the phone. He knelt down in the lift and fanned her ginger fringe out of her face, her eyelids fluttered open at his touch revealing stunning grey eyes. She opened her mouth to speak but nothing came out so Wolf decided just to pick her up and carry her through, gently placing her on a chair and moving out again to speak to his receptionist. He shook her hand as they both stood up. Stepping outside, Bailey bit back laughter as she pulled out her mobile and texting her two best friends to tell them that she had got the job before heading back to her small apartment so she could just relax. She suddenly warned herself aloud on the busy street not surprised when the odd passerby gave her a worrying glance before continuing on with their own life. A stranger hovering over my shoulder should be enough to scare away anybody. I choked out, staring straight into his eyes. I replied, turning back to the newspaper sprawled in front of me on the table. Frowning, I looked towards the exit, but no one stood there. I yelled to the guy making a coffee. I mouthed another 'oh', frowning as I went back to the crossword. I was back the next day, sipping a coffee and working on the Sunday crossword. I chewed the end of my eraser, pondering over the words. I quickly turned and latched my hand around his wrist before he could make another slick escape. He lifted his head, smiling absently. I yelled after the guy had left the café. he laughed. I answered in awe. Instead of gracing me with a sarcastic comment, he waved me off and returned to his job. The Monday crosswords were always so unbelievably easy. I had just filled in the last clue when the other chair at my table pulled out. I frowned at that. I immediately froze as he emphasized my name. I asked, putting a hand to my forehead. The amusement on Jason's face immediately disappeared. He hadn't shown up the next day or the day after. I was tapping my pencil against the tabletop, my face scrunched up in thought. Despite the sudden roller coaster of emotions in the past ten seconds, I brought myself to nod at him. I blurted out. I shook my head. I waited for an answer, but it never came. He was wearing a striped black and gray hoodie, accompanied by jeans. Dylan finally said. I said in wonder. He said just as the girl punched Jason lightly in the shoulder. This was all too much for me to handle. A hand quickly reached out and grasped my wrist, stopping me from reaching out for the pieces. I groaned, flopping down on my not so comfortable mattress. I interrupted her. I sighed and dramatically pulled my face down with my hands. I was at the café again, but this time I had no crossword. I needed to talk to him. The bell rang above the door as he came strolling into the café, shaking snow from his hair. Jason waited patiently, leaning against the service counter, checking his cell phone for any messages, I assumed. I'm sure that'd go over real well, considering how I was on his bad side right now. I retorted. Jason murmured, turning away. He shrugged. We walked together down the sidewalk, side by side, in silence. Jason was silent, occasionally taking sips of coffee, but overall, just ignoring my existence. Jason laughed, a real one that I hadn't heard in days. I stopped talking again mid-sentence. I bit my lip nervously, taking in the position I was currently in. Except I didn't want just a hug… I wanted…more? I grabbed the collar of his jacket with both my hands, pulling him down closer to my level. Jason whispered, laughing gently as I looked up into his eyes in shock. I'm just coughing up one-shots like there's no tomorrow. I hope you guys like this, because this is just one of those one-shots that are just fun to write because of. It's raining a bit and yeah, it's becoming increasingly obvious that my car has been stolen. 'I dance, I dance, I dance, around the Mexican hat…' My phone! Chris! He sighs,  At Chris' words I think I see the clouds open up a little. I hope my car-thieves realise I hate them. Oh. I hope my car-thieves are joy-ridding in empty car parks, at least someone should be having fun tonight. I sneeze again, lucky it's only light rain. Pull yourself together Robin! CHRIS! I'm jumping from foot to foot as he kicks open the side door for me. He says while slightly amused by my newfound love of towels. I protest, he just laughs. Whoa my ears feel like eskimo-toes. But he does anyway. We have a while to go until we arrive home and Chris has already said a lot today for him so he falls quiet. Like, for instance, two-ish years ago, soon after we had moved in together, I was seeing this guy pretty seriously (because he was seriously pretty but it ended because I became pretty certain that he was a serious cocksucker. The next day I was handling the morning-after-horrific-embarrassment by hiding under my covers, pretending not to be alive. We didn't even speak about it for at least a year until I was eating breakfast one morning and Chris informed me with a slight twitch of his lips that we were out of disinfectant. He answers. I've decided to wear my flannel pyjamas. This first chapter of These Lives I Walk remains on this site as an indicator of my ownership of the work. My head flashed around rapidly; there was no one else on the street for this person to be talking to, and the path of their words so direct into my ears that the words had to be spoken to me. He clicked his fingers along with his words, sending a deep chill through my spine and putting the hair along my arms on high alert. Uh, okay…dirty old pervert man just called me doll. Anymore. And then – just like every other night of the last week – the doubts began to wash through me. I fiddled with the hem of my skirt that I was incapable of really seeing in the dim light. The air became crushed by the gentle sway of a party a few blocks over, the moon shone down onto the black of the road. It would do something to your social standing to be caught where I was currently. I muttered bitterly to myself,  I yelled this time, hoping that the whole entire world could hear me. My feet impatiently tossed up loose stones, kicked cans, and blew through the odd pile of grass clippings. Tendrils of my hair melded with the darkness. I had piercing eyes, the craziest shade, they were so deeply gray that sometimes I could swear there was silver in them…but perhaps that was me being hopeful to the fact that it signified I was worth more than I really was. As a person, I was forever awash in a world of monotones; somehow it was as if I'd never been good enough to have the rights to color… It was black and white, really. I plonked myself down, this time under an encroaching old oak. Lights flashed around the corner, washing over me. The air pulsated with the noise of the stereo as the car rolled to a stop at the curb by my feet. There was no way I would be able to see the man's face in the darkness, it was lighter out here than it was inside his car. The man must have heard my uncertainty as the motor cut with a rumble and the scissor door on the drivers side rose. He didn't ask if I was okay, didn't say a single thing. In the dull green light from the dashboard my pale hands and arms look ghostly, I turned them and the scars on the insides glinted in the light. He quickly turned the wheel as he accelerated out; it surprised me how fluent the movement was – his body tensing attractively as he moved with his car. I'd had worse than what he was offering, it didn't bother me either way. I didn't know – not at the time – how dramatically these streets were going to affect my life. The following chapters will be these said writings. One likes two. I laid down on the grass, looking up at the clear blue sky. As I watched the sky, he laid next to me twirling his lacrosse stick and a ball. That was actually how we first became friends. Elena, Jarred and I were all in our last year as undergraduates. I was wary at first, as was my other best friend Dale Montgomery. Eventually, I relented and gave in to her. For one thing, I didn't even like Elena that much. Last but not least, I've actually liked Jarred ever since the moment I laid eyes on him. I cocked an eyebrow before turning back to the clouds. I sat up, checking my watch. I smiled, leaning into his embrace. We both fell into a comfortable silence until Zack let out an 'attractive' snort. The problem was that I knew he was one hundred percent correct. I perked up again, realizing that Zack was waving his hand in front of my face, attempting to catch my attention. I stuck my tongue out at him, basically proving that he was actually right. Zack shrugged and glanced down at me. However, Jarred seemed completely unfazed by his comments as opposed to the girl hanging off his arm at that moment. Jarred laughed, smirking at me. My cheeks were growing warmer as the two guys began laughing. Zack laughed, gently bumping shoulders with me. I turned back to Elena and Jarred, who were both looking at me with suspicion, or at least Elena was. Jarred finally managed to untangle himself from Elena's death grip as she walked the ten minute walk to her next class that was starting in three minutes. I finished for him as he nodded once in response. I hadn't even realized I said it until I saw that flash of pain on Jarred's face. That's when it struck me when I saw Max Olander greet me as he sat down next to me. After dealing with a crazy Dale (who did not take the situation lightly), I was literally sprinting the two miles to Zack's house. Catching my breath, I gathered up all the strength I had and knocked thrice on the wooden door. The door suddenly wrenched open and Chris Zhao stood there, shirtless and rubbing his eyes tiredly. I smiled at him and stepped in as he shut the door behind me. I glanced up at the clock, casting Chris a look. The other three chorused a 'good night' as Chris clicked his tongue impatiently. With his foot, he turned off the game before running upstairs into his room. I responded, nodding at each of them before letting my eyes fall on Zack, who was openly glaring daggers at me. He grabbed my arm and literally dragged me outside. I grasped my hands tightly, twisting them as I tried to find the words to explain the situation. I merely gulped, shaking my head. I paused again, something I appeared to be doing very frequently recently. Zack finally looked down at me, locking eyes. I nodded, biting my lip. So call me crazy, but I suddenly got this idea yesterday and I absolutely had to write it down. I unfortunately do not own the N64 or Super Smash Brothers, basically the coolest inventions known to mankind. While I was writing chapter eight I noticed all the errors in this first chapter so I decided to do some revisions. As my car sped by the sign my blurry vision barely made out the words 'Welcome to Colorado'. It all broke down my body, my head, and my will to live. My body swayed, my head ached, I couldn't see. I collapsed onto the snow, and let out a shaky breath as I gazed down my knees. What was that? I shivered the cold going deep inside me and surrounding me, leaving my face and neck the only part of me not affected by the cold. I'm coming home dad. My finger brushed against some gauze, bring my other hand up I felt a piece of gauze wrapped around my head. There were three extremely large men surrounding the bed I was laying on. I could no longer hold his gaze, my eyes shifted to the left of him and I saw another tall man lounging in a chair. My head jerked in the direction of the deep voice. the question escaped my mouth and now hung heavy in the air sounding the bedroom. I heard the heavy dark wood door to the bedroom burst open and my head jerked for the third time at the loud sound. My eyes widen at his question, keep? Our story unfolds on a cloudy Wednesday afternoon, at approximately twelve-thirty in the afternoon, as Finn and I were leaning against the side of his battered Ford pickup in the school parking lot and stalking the punk boy. Without even looking over, Finn reached out and grabbed me by the throat. Truth be told, the punk boy was not all that hot. The fragrant smell of a cooking roast greeted me when we got home. I told her, dumping my schoolbag on a chair and sitting down with a sigh. I headed for the porch before I could get roped into playing any drinking games. We looked out at the view of the river and blueberry fields in silence. I really wanted to see what would happen should the punk boy and Finn ever come face-to-face. The sad fact of it is that Finn didn't used to be this horrible. He stayed tense for a moment. I told him. Indeed, the punk boy was digging into a raspberry truffle blizzard when we arrived at Dairy Queen's. A second after he looked away, the punk kid shot him a quick look in return, looking slightly hopeful but mostly just worried. With the same overconfident attitude that had screwed him over in games against our part of town for years, Jack walked in Dairy Queen, flanked by his cronies. Finn broke his popsicle stick between his teeth and then spat out the wood splinters. The punk kid was backed up into the table, held there by Jack's hand in his shirt, looking more like a pissed-off little dog than ever. Jack took his eyes—but not his hands—from the punk kid and looked over at Finn, smirking unpleasantly. The punk boy made the first move. The punk boy's eyes rolled up in his head and he collapsed against the table. The girls backed off, looking horrified, but Jack's friends waded in. Finn managed to get things under control without their help. Finn looked pissed as hell. I locked eyes with him for a second. Oh, he was so awkward. I clapped my hands over my mouth in shock. Never in a million years would I have expected that, but there you go. Our moms laughed uproariously when we got home and I told them all about it. I grabbed the bottle away from him after that and took some for myself. Finn shrugged, which caused his whole hammock to rock, and held out his hand for the bottle. I recognized it as the plea for help it was. He bit his lip, eyebrows knotting, but for once he didn't bounce back with something rude. I got up to leave, but he stayed on the porch, staring out at the lights of the other city across the lake. one of the popular girls said to him. Up until that point I thought Finn had no chance, since he was surrounded by gossip-hungry homophobes, but I'd forgotten how much everyone in the school loved him. Finn stared at the cell phone for a long, long time. There was a gasp from the crowd, myself included. A couple people in the group tittered. Shard of plastic fell from his hands, along with a good deal of blood. It was a mistake to give Finn a target for his wrath. The guy whimpered. I chased him down. Once he got to the truck, he rested his forehead against the window for a few moments. He didn't say anything, just cradled his fist and looked deeply traumatized. I half-expected Finn to punch his face in, but the anger was gone. he exclaimed, and then pulled a U-turn right in front of oncoming traffic, ignoring how people honked and swore at him. Frankie then did a very demure right-hand turn into the hospital parking lot. They both then looked away from each other with a very determined air, both flushing a bit and fumbling their way out of the car. They both turned bright red and didn't look at each other, though I noticed the punk boy biting down on a really sunny smile and scuffing his feet. I smiled apologetically at her as she got up from behind her desk, but she was actually kind of grinning and just shook her head. A student doctor came in pretty quickly after the nurse gave us all a room, and he figured out nothing was broken in Finn's hand after a minute. Both Frankie and Finn beamed at each other for a split-second, then they blushed again and looked away. It was so sweet, though. After that, I walked off to get a burger, feeling pretty good about myself. Three weeks later, Finn took Frankie home. However, as things happened, it had turned out I didn't have to take many people down. It had also turned out that a lot of his friends didn't care that he was gay. Frankie yelled. In the next room, Gary was screwing some chick. I shouted back, slamming his door behind me. Doug laughed and continued to pack away the plates. I sat across from Wyatt and munched my cinnamon Pop-Tart. I grinned broadly at the oddball. A/N: OK, so I started another story. SO. Enjoy. Author's Note: The time has come, and I need to take down Receiver of Many as I prepare the book for publication. Below are the prologue and first four chapter of the book, available for free. The ten year war was over. Her heart was broken. The infant was oblivious, happily gumming her breast. Demeter looked up at him; his dark eyes peered at her through the slits in his golden helm. Demeter paled. She screamed, jerking away from Aidon's hardened eyes. He waited silently for her to calm the child. He recoiled, then drew himself up and narrowed his eyes. she said, but her voice wavered as she spoke. he said quietly, his teeth on edge. Woe. Pera, the one who screamed my name, appears in the doorframe, her beady black eyes penetrating and wide form taking up my view of the room behind her. I reflectively touch my own hair, glad for its softness. Simmer smiles a little and averts his gaze to his hands. He nods in agreement. I encourage. The ease is where the worship of Phase takes place. I shrug, but despite my words, I take his hand and allow him to pull me up. By the time I look back at the projectile, it's already too far up and I can't see it. The rekkis are a fellow race. The jags are fags. They reproduce like nobodies business with their own species. They are the enemy. In the halls, my job is to casually scan people, while making sure they don't recognize my identity as a security worker. Simmer says, stopping. Simmer and I have stopped beside the ease. I ask, looking back at him. I laugh so loudly that a few of the prayers glance back at me in irritation and curiosity. I move away from him and the hall seems different now. I touch the 48th floor button and lean back against the wall and wait. I shake my head with a simper. The doors flash open, and I tilt my head in curiosity. Everyone's a bloody mess. I cut myself off as I run to the communicator. I try the communicator again, and this time I'm confident in the number. Instead of alarms, I hear a strange tune come from the speakers above. There's alert systems on every floor. I ascend the stairs at a set pace and stop when I reach the top. You can't surprise attack every single person here. The chip in my head begins to beep, and I reach up and tap the side of my head to turn it off. I pull out my gun and head for the stairs. I make it to the top few stairs and hear another scream. he speaks, unexpectedly, and turns to face me. I swallow. I look around for a quick moment. The jag clears his throat and arches both of his eyebrows. He gets up, touching the area I shot, and he smiles coolly. The sight makes me retch. He clicks his tongue and taps his chin. he inquires, voice carrying leisurely in the dark. I ask, and I am honestly surprised by the hollow strength of my voice. I don't say anything and merely continue shifting towards the desk. The jag kneels next to me; it was his leg I felt. I feel him laugh, but don't hear it. My fingers dance on the panel, punching in the code. I don't respond, and a few moments later, something pinches my hip. I whisper along with the words. I clutch my shoulder and lean back against the glass. The shift pad activates and I shoot down the forty-nine floors until I reach floor one. I stagger away from him. Right. (Truthfully, I don't know if anybody will ever read this. (Although considering how dead the story was, it was kinda bound to happen). I had a great time writing it back then. My mother. Oh the poor bastards never saw it coming. Why do men fall for her? Or is it her features? I must say that whatever she's doing. So anyways most of her pervious husbands usually divorce my mother giving her a large amount of money since they don't really like the 'real' her but there are some cases when they die of old age which for her is the jackpot. Oh yes, step-brothers and sisters. So now I'm 17 and my mother recently started her ninth marriage. But enough about the past. A/N: I'm back! what I want to say. yourself like this. I squirm slightly in my borrowed cocktail dress, internally wishing that the hem fell a bit lower than mid-thigh. What I should really be cursing my best friend for, however, is dragging me to such a high-profile fundraising function. Mr. Stockbroker laughs heartily at my non-joke and I exchange a glance with Cora. I sigh dramatically as I silently ponder our middle-aged student Dean with a strong level of contempt. Although I doubt her words are true, I can't help but catch a glimpse of myself in the reflection of an inky window. Somehow Cora was also given complete authority over my outfit as well. Striding through the doors wearing his confidence like a cape is the most attractive man I have ever laid eyes upon in my entire life. Yet at the same time, there is something about his presence that sets me on edge. Colden Cade is not an unfamiliar name to me, nor is the man who bears the face of Adonis in the flesh. Of course, men like Colden Cade don't travel alone, and the next thing my attention is drawn to is the exquisite six-foot glamazon on his right. In need of a healthy dose of reality, we find Cora's architecture team milling about in a corner of the room. As the champagne turns to wine, and the wine turns to brandy, Cora and I find ourselves flitting between groups of high-class socialites and businessmen, batting our eyelashes and throwing out our best fake smiles, with the hopes of convincing rich individuals to buy a bunch of items that they don't really need. Finally, after I successfully manage to convince a well-to-do alumnus and his wife that they need to bid on a signed baseball so that they can someday pass it down to their infant son, I disengage myself from the monotonous conversation to hunt down my partner in crime. I drop my eyes to the ground before he can catch my reverent gaze, and I feel my heart start to pound in my chest like a mallet on an anvil. I say with an even smile, trying not to over-think this miniscule encounter. Suddenly I blink, he releases my hand, and he turns away like nothing ever happened at all. Colden Cade asks, his voice almost skeptical. Dean Rivers beams down at me, and I fight the urge to gag at his words of calculated praise. The room seems to fly into motion as people turn to the stage, hoping to get a good view of the big reveal. I listen to his speech attentively, trying to clap at the right moments and produce an awestruck reaction when the three-dimensional model is revealed. Colden Cade stands next to me throughout the entire speech, so close that all I'd have to do is lift my arm three inches and I would be touching him. I glance over at the model. Once Cora has bounded off through the crowd, I find myself alone for the second time that night. Instead, I make my way over to a long set of tables lined against the outside of the room. I look down at a signed, first-edition copy of To Kill a Mockingbird. I long to run my hands over the white creases in the cover, down the cracks in the spine, and to just once turn the brittle pages, and to trace the loops in Harper Lee's very own signature. I hear an undeniably deep and attractive baritone voice speak behind me, causing goose bumps to rise on my skin. I sigh, the longing in my voice evident. His face is merciless. I acquiesce softly, attempting to steer him away from dark alleys of conversation where demons lurked abundantly. Hopeful that he hasn't caught me staring, I attempt to distract myself from his formidable presence by looking at the amazing items that are set to be auctioned off. I glance up at him again, and he is looking at me with an expression of bemusement. I trail off, unsure of what to say. So he came to talk career choices? His words are intriguing. He pulls a card out of his pocket and holds it out to me. Sure enough, I flipped the card over in my fingers to find a pair of telephone numbers printed in fancy gold lettering. I smile, tucking the card into my clutch. I chastise myself mentally for being the most awkward person to ever exist. It doesn't take long to spot Cora's sleek black bob in the crowd. my answer is cold and I shoot her  a death glare. she sighs dreamily. Before either of us can say another word, the lights dim and the room erupts into a flurry of motion again, as everyone races to the best seats for the live auction. For the first hour, I pay little attention to the actual bidding and focus more on prodding Cora to continue drinking water. Waves of anxiety roll over me as I eagerly wait for the auctioneer to start the proceedings. the auctioneer says, as the strangest feeling washes over me. Something passes between myself and the irresistibly alluring man leaning up against the wall with his supermodel date. I sigh, allowing my face to slip into a believable pout. Cora must sense that something is off, because she is looking at me with lines of worry etched into her face. We discreetly get up and push our chairs in before heading to the coat check. In the corner of the hallway, Colden Cade is in deep discussion with a man who seems to be pleading with him. Her giant emerald eyes are narrowed into thin slits, giving her the appearance of an especially venomous snake. A doorman holds the door open for the two of us, and I tighten the tassel on my coat before we step outside into the unseasonably chilly New York City night. Read before you begin reading Knight Love or little Kittens will die! About three months ago I was your average ordinary 16 year old (Research Location, particularly with large forest region/big city, half &amp; half is best. So, like I said, I live with my mom, the stripper. All I ask is for something good to come my way, like Mandy Moore, how more fucking lucky can you get than to fall for a hottie you later find out to be a prince! I live from day to day with the simple fact that I'll have to live up to mom's expectations. Not to bore you with the details of my immense hatred for this  city. Even though my life seems to be a complete hell hole there's always something good that comes out of it. A good 17 hours earlier I had gotten up like any  day, slept in because I can't afford a working alarm clock. I rushed, picking out a nice black shirt, black jeans, and a nice black hoodie that my grandmother had bought me just a year before. I passed a CVS then half a strip mall before I hit the intersection; I waited impatiently for the light to change and then bolted across. He rolled his eyes, which was what adults usually got so pissy about. he said and snorted when I sat down and pulled out my note book. I whispered my thanks to her and she smiled back, her blue eyes looking directly at me through soft, perfect, blond curls. that involved working with pictures. At lunch, I sat as usual between Lilly and Sam. He smiled apologetically and Lilly rolled her wrist, gesturing me to hurry up and eat. I believe my dad must have been some kind of computer whiz; mom can barely work the mouse. I zipped past Business Tech. I noticed he had one ear pierced all the way up and his pants where lined with chains, his shirt read Korn and I could just barely make out a tribal necklace. she smiled and then pulled out all the math I'd missed, yay. After I'd gotten it down she packed up and asked if I wanted a ride, I shook my head I figured at least I could walk myself home, she didn't have to do everything. I picked up my tattered bag and slung it over one shoulder and exited, heading towards the intersection. I croaked as I reached for his hand and I practically thrown past and then before him when he pulled me up. pass". I was beginning to become very frustrated and then I looked over at Chris for assistance only to find him gone. I first looked at the oncoming cars and then when I saw a break between a red pick-up and an SUV I took it, bolting across as fast as I could. I panted,  I pointed to the place across the street. He put his head on my shoulder and in his charming husky voice whispered in my ear. I felt and heard the soft thud of a landing and blinked hard trying to let everything register. Eventually, I had lost track of time and drifted into a temporary sleep, we stopped and he looked down at me, his eyes were a soft amber color and he seemed to take extra precautions in lowering me. the man asked me and I looked down at my self and shook my head. I awoke, maybe it was next day, and it was all so dream-like. I crawled closer, curious. He slid up against the headboard and then whispered in the darkness, his voice was husky and charming. for the end of the bed. When he pulled me back I tried the other direction, again he pulled me back,  Well at least mom was useful for something. That wasn't the case. I winced; of course I wanted the perfect loving, caring fantasy mother. Then something occurred to me. he was annoyed, oh hell. he snapped and I looked up at him defiantly. I struggled as hard as my lithe body would allow. darkness for the door. I suddenly felt kind of relieved I'd ran into this Leon, maybe he was the weak point in there defenses. Another grunt from Troy. I was ok, the T-shirt touched my knees and I didn't have to think about it to know it was his. After we walked down a long flight of steps we stopped in the foyer for a moment and I clung close to Leon who was definitely my scapegoat. his amber eyes sparkled, a hint of playful banter behind them, it was if he were about to bust out in laughter. he pulled open the double door refrigerator and pulled out some eggs and bacon. her voice was beautiful and I gaped at her beautiful hair. She flipped the bacon on a plate that Leon had set beside the stove. He said and my laugh was caught before it managed. Troy was the only one who didn't crack a smile, and it made him ominous. Rosemay had the most beautiful voice I'd ever heard, I already loved her. Misty snorted, not to say that all the Misty's of the world are evil, but this one was a total bitch. The food looked so perfect, the eggs were sunny side up, just the way I liked them, and it was as if she knew. He looked over at me expectantly looking at the food,  I swallowed in surprise at the new revelation. Taking AWCU down, it's finished and has been up for longer then I originally anticipated. Lying silently on the bed, listening to the gentle music humming through the air. 'Hiya Emily,' I replied sitting up, not interested. 'Alright coming over right now, see ya soon, oh by the way Vincent is driving us,' she chuckled hanging up on me, quickly I hung the phone up and grabbed the pack at the end of bed, rushing down the stairs. 'Slow down,' a deep voice laughed behind me. Quickly I bolted from the house ignoring the shout of outrage and bolted to the revving Mercedes. 'Hey Vincent,' I greeted sitting back smiling brightly at Emily's older brother. 'Yeah, had to parents checking to make sure,' she replied turning around to face me. fickle. put it. sarcasm. in it and. The wind blew hard. I sit in a secluded corner of the kiosk area, where no one can see me unless they were actually looking. I hear the thunder rumble through the sky above me. So mannerly. I gather my things together. I would always tell people I don't like watching this. The guy smiles, and breaks the kiss. That was the worse part. I stopped paying attention after that. I replied. I laughed, and so did Karly. Karly nodded, but she had that look in her eye. She laughed, as I heard the bell ring. She smiled, and ran out the door. The annul school play. I could see I was the first person to arrive for the auditions, so I quietly took my place in the corner of the room. I quietly asked myself, as I looked around the stage. I hear, faintly. I shriek, as I quickly turn around. I point behind me, But I know they're not listening. she says, and I hear the smacking from kissing, and I mentally cringe. But she doesn't hear. He asks. Am I sure? And I need not ask again, because Trey obediently moves out of the way to let me pass. I say, and I walk past him. If you still want to read any of my stories, please go to and message me. After a few minutes, I frowned,  I tossed the old flip phone back to Tyler and with a few expert taps on this-or-that button, he brought down the height of the colorful, oddly-shaped blocks for a second time. The cacophonous Game Over screech startled him but he didn't stop looking at my face. he said. I said defensively as I slid out of his lap. Oh. I rolled my eyes. I huffed, eyes widening in alarm as he began crawling closer. My cheeks burned as I fiddled with my hands and mumbled a pitiful excuse for an apology. I ran over to my computer to turn it on but stopped when I found something sitting on my huge old monitor. I said as seriously as I could. Tyler shrugged. I asked curiously. . Needless to say, I didn't exactly get my speech written—although Tyler did give me a lot of good ideas. I admitted, clicking on my 1 unread message. I sighed. Oh. she continued cheekily, and I hung up with a huff. he whispered fondly, placing a kiss on my jaw. Hey, that's not fair . I blinked at him, a little hurt. a male voice muttered and I sighed in relief. Oh, but here's one more to add right back. Tyler grabbed my wrist before I could get too far. Johnny looked amused. Then he swallowed, nodded, and walked away with his hands in his pockets. I ignored him, too, and stood up, twirling around in my midnight blue dress. They looked up at me. I grinned to myself. Tyler's mouth covered mine and he wrapped a possessive arm around my waist. Inspired by my friend who told me last night that I had to write a speech for her party and by my brother who tried to help me. I re-read for grammatical errors but not for plot ones, so . After a few minutes, I frowned,  I tossed the old flip phone back to Tyler and with a few expert taps on this-or-that button, he brought down the height of the colorful, oddly-shaped blocks for a second time. The cacophonous Game Over screech startled him but he didn't stop looking at my face. he said. I said defensively as I slid out of his lap. Oh. I rolled my eyes. I huffed, eyes widening in alarm as he began crawling closer. My cheeks burned as I fiddled with my hands and mumbled a pitiful excuse for an apology. I ran over to my computer to turn it on but stopped when I found something sitting on my huge old monitor. I said as seriously as I could. Tyler shrugged. I asked curiously. . Needless to say, I didn't exactly get my speech written—although Tyler did give me a lot of good ideas. I admitted, clicking on my 1 unread message. I sighed. Oh. she continued cheekily, and I hung up with a huff. he whispered fondly, placing a kiss on my jaw. Hey, that's not fair . I blinked at him, a little hurt. a male voice muttered and I sighed in relief. Oh, but here's one more to add right back. Tyler grabbed my wrist before I could get too far. Johnny looked amused. Then he swallowed, nodded, and walked away with his hands in his pockets. I ignored him, too, and stood up, twirling around in my midnight blue dress. They looked up at me. I grinned to myself. Tyler's mouth covered mine and he wrapped a possessive arm around my waist. Inspired by my friend who told me last night that I had to write a speech for her party and by my brother who tried to help me. I re-read for grammatical errors but not for plot ones, so . This was like the third time I revised this chapter, everytime I feel like I need to change it, but now, I'm content with it. my mother said tossing a pillow at my face. she begged. I quickly took a shower and I threw on faded jeans and a light pink shirt. I walked over to her and poked her side causing her to jump. I flashed her a pearly smile and she playfully smacked my face. she exclaimed while jumping up and down, trying to hug me with a spatula in hand. After breakfast, I made my way out the door along with my mother, and walked down two flights of stairs. I love little kids and was great with them, but these little ones liked me a little too much. It was a dress shop and in the shop was the most gorgeous dress ever. I was on the floor and I rubbed my head. He reached down and effortlessly pulled me up. His grip tightened and it really hurt now. He smiled. Just as Reid was about to walk away, he leaned in and snapped his teeth together, making a clacking noise. Anyways, I decided to call it a day and I stumbled into my tiny apartment only to be tackled by a blur of black. I cut her off by jumping up and screaming. She sighed and hugged me. I would go to school with one of the boys, while the other went to college. My school is just the opposite of what anybody would want to go to. There was one week until the flight. A/N: This is an experiment. Christopher Potts nodded and tried his best to keep up with his boss as they walked hastily through the crowd society's highest that formed around the bleachers awaiting the equestrian riders to mount up and ride, his fingers flying over the digital letters on his iPad as he made notes on what his boss of three years requested. For Christopher Potts life was depressing. The man that stood before him was everything he had always dreamed of physically and nothing he had fantasized over personality wise. And to think, somewhere within the three years of running to and fro and being a generic manservant and secretary, Christopher had fallen in love with the man. Ah, well, it wasn't like it mattered. Christopher stared hard at his boss. Scared to bring the latest slut home, Bastian? -. Christopher stared out over the dance floor, eyes skimming the crowded club as man after man poured in. As always, he wouldn't, of course. he answered, turning to look up to the handsome, buff, blond man that was presently invading his space. he nodded and gave a tight smiled before shoving away from the wall, his eyes on a newcomer. But he knew what the boss wanted and made it a point to please. The man's face flushed a bit as a smiled broke out one his face before he actually started bouncing a bit. -. Precisely one week later on one of his many trips in and out of his boss' office throughout the day, a strange thing happened. Christopher fought the urge to beam. His bubble burst abruptly at this and his eyes quickly narrowed in thought as he went over his actions, his duties, and even his life outside of work. he growled out, smacking the phone off the desk. Christopher balled his fist up, imagining how great it would have been to sock the fucker one right in the face. Please see the note on my profile about why this was taken down. The street lamps seemed dimmer than I remembered, I thought as I turned onto Main Street. I rolled my window down a little more, enjoying the abnormally warm April air. At the next street I turned right and then into the back parking lot behind a large brick storefront, home to the book store owned by my parents. I asked, smiling. I stage whispered. I asked, suddenly remembering that I'd only ever seen pictures of baby Frankie, named after our grandfather. She led me through the living room and into a darkened hallway lined with thick wooden doors. She didn't seem to mind either. Chloe asked softly. He was a sophomore in high school then, all gangly arms and legs. I had nodded, unable to say anything for this was the first time that a high school student, other than my sister, had spoken to me of their own free will (although I often thought that Chloe would have rather forgotten my existence since she was a junior at the time and horrified by my braces, frizzy hair, and constant chatter as I tagged along after her and her friends). Sequel's sequel time! Someone (not on this site) asked me why I always write about mixed kids (Carly's Jewish), to be honest its because I'm mixed. My best friend stole my gum. Zee pumped a fist in the air and cheered. I felt a grin stretch across my face. Zee is a chronic pick-pocket and my favorite person in the world. Yeah. I believe it started in elementary school, when she was obsessed with Lord of The Rings. My Mom was still single at that time. That prayer was answered. I won't like, he's gorgeous. The cronies consist of Reggie, the blonde golden boy of the school. To the left of him is his polar opposite, Kirk. Brianna is one such hoochie and is currently Reggie's girlfriend. Nope. I glanced towards Zee who was shaking her head disapprovingly. I stammered. A loud, sexy purring drowned out the rest of my sentence. Which was a pretty ironic thing to say. Dashing away the tears I turned and jumped. My car has the windows which you roll manually. Honestly, I've never seen the appeal of looking at a guy's butt. My bright red jeep surely matched the color of my face. The freshman pair glared hatred at me. I really, really wanted to write about Zee but since her story's already been told I think it'd be nice to hear from Carly. I couldn't help myself from watching him out of the corner of my eye. He was lounging on the couch with his legs spread with casual suggestion, his eyes never meeting the gaze those he was speaking to. The girl at my side then started to kiss my neck just as a second boy came over to my spectacle. The parties were growing in size every weekend. This particular night, he was upstairs with all the druggies. Kirsten and I walked into the dark, quiet room. I felt Kirsten's arm wrap around my waist. My girlfriend sat down suddenly, pulling me down to the floor with her. The world became a blur as soon as the first joint passed through my lips. A girl was curled up at his side, his arm around her shoulder. I don't do girls. That one stuck in my mind even if it didn't truly register then. He stated smoothly with his bored voice. Just as I opened my mouth to respond the sound of sirens could be heard coming up the driveway. Once the people were done passing us he let me go and continued down the hall. I mindlessly invited him to my dorm in which he responded with laughter. I murmured as I looked towards the pavement. Jack walked into the kitchen, ignoring me completely. Jack turned again to Brooke and said something. Brooke turned to me and smiled. I chimed sarcastically. She pushed me into one room that had a beautiful view of the surrounding estate. I nodded and ignored her previous comment. The rest of the afternoon I carried boxes from the truck to my new room then when they were all up the stairs, unpacked them. Five minutes passed and he was still there. God what the hell was I saying. Okay. he was clearly getting impatient but he was looking at me like I was stupid and hadn't understood what he said. I almost screeched at him, my brain couldn't take the pressure to answer him, it was working overload. Things never used to be like this. Brooke and I go to the same school, she is a daygirl and I was a boarder, until now. About 3 years ago I was spending winter break with the Dormer's. When Jack was young he was thin, had scruffy black hair and wore ripped jeans and t-shirts. Brooke's Birthday was the catalyst of all this awkwardness between Jack and me. At first sight I didn't even recognise the really good-looking guy in front of me until he spoke. One awkward night changed our relationship for good though. We never told anybody about what happened that night. Now it's weird to be around him because I don't know how he feels about me or even how I feel about him. The only problem is I'm now living here. I heard Jack's door shut then I returned to the boxes at my feet. She stated. 10 minutes later the pizzas were almost ready. Footsteps could be heard from down the hall. He looked really good in a light blue shirt with sleeves rolled up above the elbow which showed off his muscular arms. He said looking at me. His eyes scanned me, up and down. Suddenly Brooke ran towards the oven and grabbed a dishcloth to pull out the pizzas. Parker chuckled. Brooke turned and asked if I wanted to join them. We were going to meet Leo, Mitch and Blaine at the restaurant. I was seated next to Parker and Jack. First to be scrutinised was Brooke and Mitch. I really hope Jack doesn't mention anything about that kiss. In my opinion Mitch was on very thin ice asking this question. My heart started racing. He also decided to put his hand on my other knee. Now it was my turn. Parker on the other hand seemed taken aback and his hand stopped groping my thighs, thank the Lord. The rest of the meal was a haze. We all emerged from the restaurant in silence. Instead I turned back to the car, opened the door and climbed into the backseats. Arriving home I quickly jumped out before Jack had it in park, and sprinted for the door. I automatically lost it. Jack turned away from me and ran his hands through his hair. He said smiling. He pulled his cell phone out and put it on loudspeaker. I broke the silence first. He stood up and took my hand leading round the back of the house. I then sat up and lightly kissed him on the cheek. Sadly this sleep did not last long as I was awoken a few hours later due to the cold. I quickly got up and pulled the blanket up with me. Jack then burst out that super smile of his and kept staring at me. I sat down and pushed my blanket off my shoulders to put his jacket on. He then smiled and put his hand on my waist and pulled me closer. As I lay next to him I could hear his heart beating softly. Coming back to this story after nearly three years, having first begun it five years ago, I've realized that I've matured a lot, both as a person and a writer. I'd like to issue a huge 'thank you' to all of my readers old and new. Determined, she shook off the sour mood her friends had put her in. With a grin, she bounded down the stairs and out the front door, pausing a moment to lock it behind her. She stopped at a small, family run diner and had an uneventful lunch before returning to her car, which she'd parked near the back of the parking lot. Vivian awoke several hours later, feeling ill. Trying to corral her thoughts to figure out what had happened and where she was felt like trying to weave strands of cloud together to fashion a toothbrush. Hours later, the truck rolled to a stop. Much of what happened next was a hazy blur of fear and panic, but she was vaguely aware of scrambling as best she could to the back of her cage when the men came for her. They hauled her into a building and through several rooms before cutting her bonds and replacing them with handcuffs, stretching her arms above her head and hooking the chain of the manacles to a hook suspended from the ceiling. She screamed into her gag, and tried to kick the man, but she wasn't able to put any force behind the kick, and he caught her leg with ease, pulling it up alongside his hip and pressing his crotch against hers with an evil smile. A man spoke nearby in a language she couldn't understand, and she flinched, opening her eyes. With one last slap on her rump, the first man reached up and unhooked her manacles from the chain dangling from the ceiling. One of the men released her arm to open the door, and she struggled, lunging back the way they had come, trying to break the grip the other man had on her shoulder. For several long moments she simply sat there, her own racing heartbeat the only thing she was aware of. There was a rustle of movement behind her, and a soft exhalation of air like a sigh. A shiver ran through her, and she obeyed, getting to her feet as quickly as she could, cold and fear making her clumsy. Vivian hugged herself, acutely aware of her nakedness and the cold chill of the room. She stood there, trembling, for what seemed an eternity before her knees unexpectedly buckled. She kicked and flailed, trying to break free, or make him set her down, but he didn't even pause as he strode across the room, which seemed larger than she had previously thought. She thought of the men from before and shuddered. The man straightened, his warm presence withdrawing suddenly, and Vivian could hear cloth rustling as he removed his clothes. The bed shifted under the man's weight, and she could feel the heat radiating from him as he joined her under the blanket. he said, and she couldn't tell if it was a demand or a request. he explained against her neck, though she hadn't asked. she whispered, growing tense against him again. When her feet were no longer so icy, the man's hands began to roam her body. Vivian turned her head to the side, trying to escape his mouth. The man withdrew a little at her refusal, lifting his head he seemed to debate with himself for a moment. Finally she had to breathe. He parted her legs with one strong hand and she knew that resisting was pointless, even if she wasn't pinned to the bed helplessly. Another finger joined the first, easing in and out of her, then a third. The man shifted on top of her and nudged her legs wider apart. Vivian shuddered, and focused all her attention on breathing. When Vivian awoke next, she was still immersed in darkness and was once again in a moving vehicle. She could feel the blanket against her bare skin, and along with the realization that she was still naked came the memory of what the man had done to her. Vivian woke with a start when the car rolled to a stop, and remained still with great difficulty. Wow. Ahhh. Okay. I pulled myself out of bed and hurtled myself at my elder brother. That does it! Distractions, distractions and more DISTRACTIONS! At 12:30 a. At 1:30 a. At 2:00 a. Oh. I have just shifted to America from India. Chapter 1Leave it to BeaverThose were the first words I heard out of my brother, Ben Raleigh's, mouth when I stepped into my new home. In case your wondering where Dodger's name came from, his father was a bit of an eccentric man, and he had a huge obsession with California baseball teams. Speaking of my folks, I guess I should share a little more about them, even though thinking about the accident still broke my heart. Dodger ordered, chipper as always. I nodded and went to sit on the couch, hugging my knees. Ben was similar to his friend in build, but resembled me in a lot of other aspects. Dodge had given up his room for me, and was currently sleeping on the couch until we could figure something else out. Whenever I was alone, my mind wandered and I thought of my parents. My boyfriend Max and I spent our Friday night the way we always did—at a party. The funny thing was that Ben truly didn't blame me. He was so much like them, and I was the black sheep. Dodger was already at the table, chowing down when we entered the kitchen. I rolled my eyes, shutting them both out. That was the truth. So, I know this is kind of short, but I want to know what everyone thinks. What. It can't be. I'm usually up at 7:30, being the magpie in a nest full of night owls. I'm definitely not opening that door now because if it isn't someone who's got the wrong address; then it's someone about to pull a prank on me. But it's their fault. I gasp out, dashing back and forth between the basement and my living room. I rush out of the basement, slamming the door and just as the door clicks open I stand in front of it, spreading my arms out wide and keeping one in each end of the frame. He says and I blink, narrowing my eyes and squinting at him. he says, now looking at me confusedly. he says and gives a friendly grin. I blink, or any other day for that matter. He doesn't say anything, just stares at the package. I turn to take the car door back to the basement when the door opens again and I drop the car door, spinning around. I say, looking around, God, what else have I stolen from him? he says and then bites his lip, thinking back. I tilt my head at him and squint my eyes. I recall, putting a finger to my chin and grinning back thoughtfully. I want what those girls have, that undying, passionate love. I offer, gesturing towards the car door that lay on the floor beside me. he says, looking at me in an odd kind of way – a way I haven't been looked at before. he whispers back, and lets go of me. He glares at me, shakes his head, and then walks back out the door; leaving me standing there confused, tingly and disappointed. I don't know why I'm doing it though. Like he's something I want. No. He does indeed do that. If you think a guy likes you (trust your gut instinct, girls) but you can't be totally sure, try this: Give him your best smile. I look at him from over my magazine only to realise he's standing right in front of me,  I say and drop the magazine to the ground in shock. I pull the magazine up with me and stand up, brushing off imaginary dust and looking anywhere but at him. he says, blinking bemusedly at me. I say, and frown. I beam at him and he stares at me. he says one last time, and then shaking his head, he goes out of the library and leaves me standing there by myself once again; confused, disappointed but. I break into his house and smell the bacon and eggs frying, and hear it, too. I follow the smell down to the kitchen and smile to see him, back turned to me and cooking up some bacon and egg rolls. he says and then disentangles himself from me much to my great disappointment. Well. I ask as he's turning back to his bacon and eggs. I want to know. What do I really want? I don't even know why I'm doing that, what was that, that I said before? I say with a shrug, looking over his shoulder. And I know I can't make lasagne, so it's not like I'm going to get a whopping big smack of a kiss on the lips for this. I made soup. When I say girl I mean girl, she's what, sixteen years old to my nineteen? Oh my God. Okay. Maria doesn't really sound like a prostitute name but I guess any cute latino can get some without a stage name. Maria is looking at me funny, and then I realise she's still holding out her hand. I say squeezing her hand really hard, only not really hard – her grip seems just as strong as mine, for such a small girl. I start, and then falter at her pleading expression. She drags me and my pumpkin soup inside and Jo closes the door behind us, looking a little. Maria says a few words in Spanish, but I'm not even listening. she says and rips the gladwrap off the top of the soup pot. She says, beaming at me. I haven't even seen that bracelet since highschool, how can he be accusing me of something like this? Well. He informs me to my own extreme surprise. I stare at the floor. I can't believe it. I didn't even nick the soup in the first place. Because even though I do steal – I did steal – that's not all I do, and that's not all I did. And okay. My tears are now clouding my vision, and I swipe at them, it's all that I can do to keep from falling over as I get myself out and away from that stupid house of his. I start to run. I say, and punch him in the guts. he says, blinking. Ps. PPS. As of 5/05/09, this story is going to be under revision. I haven't abandoned the story, not yet anyway, and I already have a full chapter typed out, but I'm not sure if I should post it or not. CHAPTER ONE: NEW KID ON THE BLOCKIt all started on the summer towards my promotion to the fourth grade. And then they left all together. Nope. My eyes rested back upon the black car parked in the driveway. A lanky boy at least four years older than me stepped out and planted his feet atop the graveled driveway. His raven black hair was tied back in a little ponytail. I heard the car door slam with a resounding click and jerked my head up, staring at the boy again. Basically, he looked like a shimmering jewel. My mind was reeling with questions yearning to be asked, but I decided it was best not to say anything. The sound of shoes scuffling along gravel brought me back to the real world and my eyes caught the retreating form of the boy walking up the driveway path towards the verandah of the Parkinson's house. Lindsay's voice snapped me back into reality. she huffed, pointing towards the plastic playhouse where Stephanie and Amy were poking their little heads out of the tiny pink windows. Mom always let me stay out to play until the sun set. I replied and went my way up the stairs. My mind began to settle back onto the day's events, and eventually, my whole line of thought muddled in to a great big blob of emotions and unanswered questions. A lone image of the new boy floated its way across my closed eyelids; I opened them again. I placed my elbows on the windowsill and rested upon them, my hands fixing in place underneath my chin. A spark of light erupted from the black window, sending my eyes widening generously. My heart started to pound in its place when I saw him heading towards the window that sat opposite of mine. He opened the window with a swift push of the windowpane and then he too rested his elbows on the windowsill. I could feel my face getting hot, an awkward feeling to me because I had never felt it before. I heard him mumble. Nate groaned and let his forehead sink to the desk. came a sing-song voice to his left. Stephanie asked cheerfully as she pulled her English books out of her bag. When Nate opened his eyes again Stephanie had arranged her stationary in an orderly fashion and was underlining the date at the top of her page. Nate groaned again and was about to reach into his bag when the fire alarm went off, surprising the girl in front of him enough that she nearly fell out of her chair. Ugh, Shakespeare? Nate hated being part of a large crowd. Stephanie shouted, calling out to the boy who made up their little trio, Jason Hunt. questioned a sudden voice from somewhere behind them. the boy introduced himself quite unnecessarily. He directed the question at Stephanie with an aplogetic smile, as though she had any say in the matter. He turned and started walking away, obviously expecting Nate to follow him. Kieran laughed, somehow amused, and turned to look down at Nate. Nate scowled. Nate suddenly felt uncomfortable as Kieran stepped in closer. What the fuck? Nate shouted, suddenly finding his voice and his legs. He was panting as he reached the school field. I'll kill him, he thought ten minutes later as he was being scolded by his English teacher for being late. And why, of all the students in the school, had Kieran singled out him? I'm Getting Married? Martha glanced at her husband David wondering what their daughter would say about this. Mrs. Valencio looked pleased. John said to the other couple. Hello! I want to thank you, the reader, for taking time out and reading this. The. I hope everyone is staying cool as the summer months approach! This also meant that all material would be released by me personally, which meant I am personally responsible for the editing, the publishing, the book covers, etc. Catalyst: Now that Andie Shepherd is interning at Eagle Corp. Swimming in Rain: In a modern re-telling of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice, twenty-one year old Ronnie Austen and her older sister T are in the market for a roommate due to the increase in rent. Play On: After she finds her grandfather's dead body in his office, Seraphina Hanson, a twenty-three year old college graduate, inherits the Newport Beach Seagulls, a hockey team she knows absolutely nothing about. I am giving away 35 free copies of each novel in exchange for an honest review on Amazon. **I am looking for a beta reader to help me clean my manuscripts. **I am looking for someone who specializes in book cover designs to make book covers for my work. Dedicated to my all time favourite author, Melissa Nathan. I sighed, closing the curtains self consciously before changing into my PJ's. I sighed irritably before getting up to check the time on my alarm clock. I swallowed before breaking into a sweat. I sighed with unexpected relief as light bathed my surroundings, and wandered over to my bedside table to look for the clock. AN: yes, this is the MASSIVE and nearly unrecognizable rewrite of  (it hasn't changed a whole lot yet but I can promise you it will). And college has not been all it's cracked up to be. And yeah, sure, a lot of that is going on. Meeting people is so hard! I eagerly snatched up the last plate of sausage and pasta on the rack, throwing a triumphant look over my shoulder to the unfortunate souls still in line. I sighed deeply. Or… ohmygod! Eh …. Bitch! Aww, now she's helping me clean them up. Dear, dear Blythe Malone. Shit, I am so delusional it isn't even funny. And the pasta window is closed! After a thoroughly disappointing grilled cheese sandwich, June, Blythe, and I were on our hike to our dorm a mile away. They were rating girls that walked by. one muttered to the other as we walked by. The other whistled softly under his breath before signaling back a nine. the one who rated Blythe asked. What? And I'm not fat! Those bastards. Oh. I tripped on the stairs and fell on my face. Not to mention the fact that my favorite skirt (it's adorable! He shrugged and busied the end of his pencil with his teeth, his eyes darting between their desks. He looked down at his sandwich and frowned. She sighed and bit her lip, leaning her elbows on the cafeteria table. Well, that's what she assumed when she looked in her rear view mirror and saw him running after her car. He sat up and ran a hand through his hair, tousling it. She narrowed her eyes a little. He stood at the far end of the parking lot, feeling awkward and out of place despite his appropriate attire. He didn't really have a reason for being here. dear god! the corner. leaving me here. Author's Note: Just a one-shot I created for a prompt/challenge. Comforted, Chelsea settled down. Stars – wait, no, more like hearts – in eyes. Chelsea squashed the jealousy that began to build. Chelsea grimaced. There. She just knew Sophie would find out. Keeping secrets? The idea behind her  was simple: the fewer people that knew, the less chances of her plan being a flop. Picking the bench farthest away from any other groups, she led them there. This wasn't something she could just tell them. Curiosity lined Lindsey's body. Kenneth was jogging down the football field, long legs covering the distance with ease and speed. The plan, the plan. Glancing down, she had to admit that with the bandages wrapped around her torso, she was a straight line down her front side. So she ignored it. Standing outside the boy's locker room brought things into perspective. Oh, what the hell. She felt her hair to make sure not a wisp of blonde hair had escaped the beanie she had on. Taking shallow breaths in and out from her mouth, Chelsea tried not to contemplate the fact that what a person smelled were particles of the actual thing itself. The boy's locker room was the exact reverse of the girl's locker room. Calves. Thiiiighs. Haha. Oh, boy. Pectorals. And his arms! But she couldn't stop. She jerked her stare up to his face, studying his chin. Caught up in his dark blue gaze, she had a sudden moment of fight or flight. Oh, nerves. Chelsea inhaled. The quickness in which she responded indicated to me exactly who she was talking about. I loved when it was actually cold enough to wear sweaters and scarves and such, since down here in Texas it barely ever gets cold enough for icicles. I spent about an hour getting ready. Louis, let me tell you, was not the sort of guy who would want to go see a historical romance. But I tried to calm down, because Simon always says that I worry too much. This was going to be the. Louis taunted, causing my face to flush a deep shade of maroon. And then, of course, I knew Ashley was going to go. But then he stopped in his tracks and turned back to me. Okay, even by Louis's standards, The Grudge was dumb. I shrugged. Louis just shrugged. I was not going to cry. I whipped around instinctively. I huffed. I said, storming off into the theatre. I tried to pay as much attention as possible to the commercials. It took forever for the movie to start playing, but then it finally did. Well, I certainly wasn't. I ran into someone. But then the guy I ran into grabbed my arm. he said, handing it to me. I said stubbornly, crossing my arms and walking out. Simon called from behind me. he said, raising an eyebrow at me. When we got to the cash register, Simon asked for the rain checks. I just slunk down to the floor, developing a cramp in my side. We stepped outside into the cold, crispy air and I shivered, but it felt good. I mock glared at him and gave him a little punch in the arm. Oh, yeah. Which, much to my surprise, shot tinglies up and down my spine. We were walking for about ten minutes before he stopped (mainly because I kept tripping over my own feet since I felt so weird not being able to see anything). It was so beautiful. I didn't really know what to say. I grinned and nodded and followed, and we rented skates. It was so convincing, though, that I was sure I could do it. Except I fell flat on my back as soon as I stepped on the ice. But he just got all smirky, and held his hand out to help me up. He took both of my hands and started skating backwards slowly, and you know what? I would have said I was sorry but I was laughing too hard. I sighed, feeling like a huge klutz for falling in the middle of the ice rink, surrounded by all of these five year olds who were practically Olympic gold medalists. I nodded, thankful to be able to walk normally again, even though skating was totally fun. Simon looked up, and turned bright red for some reason. I said,  At least, I thought it was. Oh. Okay. Simon Bowman. Me? And just then he called me Leah. And it scared me so bad I thought I was going to pee, and I accidentally hit my face into Simon's. See, apparently Heather started choking on a gummy bear at one point during the first ten minutes of Saw, because it scared her so bad, and they had to take her out of the theatre. Jason said, and I knew he was telling the truth. He just rolled his eyes, signaling that he had nothing to say, because he was wrong. A/N: OH. Yeah. It was sort of a brain fart story. Anyhoodles, if I get inspired, I might write another. If you still want to read any of my stories, please go to and message me. I hate routine. Everyday was the same as the last. I watched the clock as the second hand slowly ticked away the seconds, taunting me with the knowledge that this class ended in just a few agonizingly long minutes. My staring contest with the clock was interrupted when the door at the front of the classroom suddenly opened. But, to his surprise ― and everybody else's ― in walked a small, frail, pale-looking boy, followed closely by the principal. He timidly stood in front of the classroom, ducking his head and hiding his small, feminine face beneath his thick, black bangs as the principal and the teacher had a short whispered conversation. The town here is small. I sat up higher in my seat, interested. Danny nodded jerkily and quickly made his way towards his new seat, hugging his binder tightly to his chest. I could feel the top of his body pressed up against me. They were a deep blue, a blue so vivid I could feel myself drowning in them. The spell was broken when he roughly pushed himself away from me with a large blush on his face, and grabbed his stuff that he'd dropped. I didn't have to wait long. I was just about to tap him on the shoulder to get his attention and ask him more about himself when the bell rang. I abruptly dropped the innocent façade. You rank maybe a 6. At first, it was kind of amusing how you asked me what time the 24 hour convenience store closed or how (99/102) can be a probability when the denominator is over 100, but after a while, it gets annoying trying to explain the concept of opportunity cost to you. If it's a noun and it's tangible, you'll find a way to break, run into, or trip over it. You say they're just friends. Your idea of a fun night is staying in and watching a movie on the couch. No, not questions like what I got on the math test (98. My life was anything but a fairytale. As a young female of that ripe age, I had to follow the rules when wandering around my —don't attract unwanted attention: pop your hood and blend into the shadows. I wasn't a princess either. And I had no prince. At first he didn't seem like a prince—not in the slightest way. That day was a Saturday. He was especially bad that summer. But even if there hadn't even been a park there, I still would have gone somewhere. One of them looked my way, and catching my eye, he grinned. It wasn't late! Okay now I was really scared. I stared at them horrified. I lasted about 3 seconds before someone roughly slapped their hand over my mouth. I bite down hard on his hand, making him swear and quickly recoil it. The guy was coming towards me. Before I could even open my eyes to see who that voice was—probably hug and kiss them too—I felt myself being lifted off the ground and carried away. The fact that I was in someone's arms and they were touching me was not lost. Shad—I'm guessing that was his name—seemed to not like this answer at all. Shad stared at their dust for a second before turning around to me. I could only cry by myself. Before I could even wonder why he was hugging me or what the heck is he sorry about? I wondered, then, why I never heard of him. But not before he winked at me. I didn't see him for some time after that day. I usually walked to the bus stop with Rachel—which was what I was doing this morning. The thing I loved about Rachel was that she was always there for me, no matter what. I laughed. Now I bet you're all wondering, what the heck are they talking about? When she didn't answer I took that as a yes. Rachel looked really scared and I'm sure I must have looked the same. Ah, high school. The bell rang so I said bye to Rachel and headed to the gym. He was standing in the middle of the room, a group of students surrounding him. I was in a panic now. He turned at my voice and smiled slightly. He turned back to our teacher and his whole face changed. Mr. Coyle had lost some of his previous glare and confidence. Not wanting to get him more riled up at me (I did need to pass the course after all) I started running. We ran on for one more lap before I felt myself get weaker. A/N: I know, another story but I just couldn't wait to put this down. I gazed at the fountain as the light from the ballroom caught the falling water, glinting and highlighting it beautifully. This night had been extremely important to me – it was the night I proved my family wrong. I know this sounds as if I grabbed onto Cal because of his good looks, but it was anything but. But they didn't see the side of him that I did. Tears gathered in my eyes but I looked up at the sky, angrily forcing them down. I took a deep breath, composing myself, before I put on a bright smile and entered the hall once again. I grimaced. My mouth popped open. I felt the emotions rising up through me and, not thinking, I walked straight out of the huge mansion. I couldn't do it. Unconsciously, I stopped and looked up at the house I was standing in front of. During my shower, I pondered my predicament. Even though I was only eighteen and still in school, I could honestly say that I loved him. The next day I'd still heard no word from Callum. For the whole morning, I tried to act like my usual self. I had a free period just before lunch, so I set out for his usual skipping spot. I shot the guy a disgusted look, but decided to ignore him and focus on Callum. I felt as if my world was collapsing around me. I trailed off, cocking my head in confusion. I shrugged, acting as if this wasn't killing me inside. Five minutes later saw me in the girls bathroom, curled up on the toilet – lid down, mind you – and sobbing my eyes out. I winced. My hand flew up to cover his mouth and he looked at it in bewilderment. Dominic said, leaning his hip against my table and crossing his arms so his muscles bulged out. To my annoyance, he flopped into the seat across from me, pouting. His eyes were blank as I hesitantly walked towards him, hands trembling. The sun caught the side of his face, highlighting his many piercings in his ear and the two in his eyebrow. He sighed, closing his eyes and letting his head drop. I stayed there, my heart beating wildly as he rounded the corner and disappeared from my sight. It was calling to me. You probably won't read this letter… but I'm writing it anyway. Tears streamed down my cheeks and dripped onto Callum's messy scrawl, so I quickly wiped my face. I let out a sob as I clutched the letter to my heart. Callum hadn't been at school for the past three weeks. Petrisse and the rest of my friends had introduced me to a million and a half guys, but none of them had hooded hazel eyes and oozed sex appeal. Another family function was coming up – my parents' anniversary. I smiled back. Petrisse stared at me, lips pursed. I stood in front of my floor length mirror, breathing deeply. I smiled thinly. He handed me one of the glasses of champagne in his hand and grasped my elbow, leading me outside. After a few minutes of inane chatter, I knew my hopes were for nothing. When I was back inside, I gave a sigh of relief. My mouth dropped open. Sense came back to me when we were finally standing in the quiet solitude of the garden, alone. I snapped finally, glaring at him. I said shortly, swallowing and glancing at a point above his head. He blinked at me. I groaned from the cocoon I had made of my sheets and comforter. I got my head free of my cocoon and looked across the small dorm room where I had expected Casey to be but alas, my roommate was not there. I knew that deep voice. I called out. The wheeze came from beneath me. I asked, purposely sticking out my lower lip as I looked at him. My head snapped up, making a loud, disgusting cracking noise. Winnie hissed, crossing her arms over her nonexistent chest and glared at Warrick. I went to protest but his mouth was against mine instantly. Before I had a chance to kiss him back or hit him again, I hadn't decided yet, Warrick was off at a full run, his hand over his head. I looked at the full length mirror that Casey and I shared; it was on the back of our dorm room door. I snorted at myself and changed quickly, brushing my hair and pulling it into a pony tail. He asked, his green eyes still twinkling with amusement. I asked after our kiss. Warrick was training to be a medic in the army. I let my arms slide away from him and tried to turn but his arms only tightened around me. Warrick argued and I could see him slowly losing his control. I answered back but not angrily. He moved his head down, kissing my neck lightly and driving me insane. He whispered and I knew this was just another one of his tricks. I groaned out, not believing I had given into him once again. I traced a big balloon on Warrick's back with my pointer finger before repeating the same motion. Warrick let out a loud sigh, his chest raising beneath me. He finally whispered, and I felt his adam's apple bob up and down as he swallowed nervously. Warrick croaked out. The room was suddenly deadly silent, the air had once been carefree and fun but now it had a heavy feeling to it. He turned his hand over and ran his knuckles lightly over my cheek. I asked, getting a little excited. I asked, trying to keep my voice light and ignore the heat that spread throughout my face and the goose bumps his fingers were raising. He didn't find my impersonation of him funny at all. Even in this perfect moment I couldn't help think of all our other moments like this. I didn't find it very fair that I had such an obvious weakness that he had found by accident and yet he didn't have any weaknesses. I turned to glare at Warrick as he grinned lazily at me. When I had first met Warrick he had worn baggy clothes and had tons of piercings and bad attitude. Food was suddenly forgotten as it hit me that I only had a limited time with him. I spoke even before I had really thought about it. Warrick grabbed my hand and tugged gently, pulling me toward him. Incase there are any old readers out there (though I severely doubt that after two whole years. Authors Note 4/28/2016: If you're rereading this, I've changed some small things. The way they smell. The way they sound. Old Asian ladies curled into themselves, smoking endless cigarettes while slowly tapping the slot machine screens with gentle, gnarled hands. My eyes burn at the end of the night. I'm still technically married. I see him sometimes—only online, logged into Facebook. It used to be he made me brave. Vodka-tonic, Heineken, whiskey sours, rum and cokes. The guy hunched over the video poker machine looks like he's been up for three days straight. I keep telling myself I'm going to enroll in school. Soon it'll be sad. I can pull this off for maybe. Is that really what my ambition comes down to? Mr. Coors Lite wants to put my tip between my breasts. He pulls out another ten. I clock out and change. I used to think I was deep. Because sex with someone else—well. Not because I've never slept with anyone else. Kind of like the music tracks he uploads to Facebook. Sometimes I find those lines, little nuggets that show me he still thinks of me. Two people probably couldn't cherish each other more. It's okay to go to work and have a drunk throw up on you, or deal with a mentally inept crew, because you come home to someone who adores you. She dreams of me and I dream of me. He's a man. . I start the day fresh and clean and smelling, hopefully, like the first wife of a Raja, all sandalwood and spice. I look at my watch. I wonder why I'm so hesitant to just ask him. Maybe these songs aren't about me. I didn't actually sleep with that guy. I never wanted to see that tightly wound tolerance. . I was lukewarm about going to my ten year reunion. Except for Sara, a foreign exchange student from Germany. My plus one couldn't make it. We drank. I woke up in my hotel room. I know what it looked like to Jackson, standing there, the card key I'd left for him at the front desk just in case, still in his hand. I waited for the pain from my crumpled wrist to hit me. I took all his burdens back when I didn't deny the allegations being flung at me. This one sweater in particular. Once that's gone. Maybe then I will stop daydreaming that one day. It's just not possible, though. thought. misplaced? A/N: Erm- hello, there. She was my Bio 212 TA, but that's not where I noticed her. And it makes me look at people differently once I think about that. Her name, as it happened, was Cadence Mitchell. I swing my head over to look at Rawdy, and honestly thank God for Rawdy. But I'm already zoning him out. I look out the window in search of a distraction, anything but biology, and I can't help but notice what a gorgeous day it is. Linnea Henderson, Rawdy's twin sister, is a drill sergeant trapped inside the body of a blonde-haired, green-eyed bombshell. Linnea usually tag-teams it with Aidan to keep Rawdy and I in check, make sure we're passing our classes, not getting too trashed on weekends, that sort of stuff. The first snow of the season, I think that might be my favorite time of the year here. Lucy and I share a look, her copper eyes bright and laughing. Whether she's right or wrong, I don't know which to believe. I sigh in response, closing my test booklet with a twinge of defeat. Professor Ingram reaches for her laptop and gestures for me to come forward. I look to the side to hide the look on my face. Sunday, 27th January, 2007. If he wasn't such a sweetie (Most of the times. You see? Before I managed to stutter another reply, another car came into view. I mutter without looking at him. Oh, dear. The silence was deafening, and seemed to stretch on forever. Sunday, 27th January, 2007. I hear myself retorting, not knowing why annoyance is building quickly within me. Only to find him rolling his eyes and laughing slightly. He trails off, intertwining our fingers together. And now the age old question. eyes could not quite follow. Inkiza swallowed. mouth dropped open, then snapped shut a moment later. but you're a soldier. then looked up cautiously. he frowned. else who would be in trouble for being. obscure most of it. my rooms. studied the knees of the soldier's uniform. says it's for my safety. eyes widened and he took a half step back. Inkiza. "That's. anyone you saw me. you are the Crown Prince. not of age yet. started again, Ebedi's blade shaking in his hands. don't. thank you. "Ah. hair? didn't mean. rather. He seemed to be saying that word an awful lot. courtyard. each other in for being where we shouldn't be. Smiling shyly, Inkiza nodded. different than the guards do. "They mistreated you. there's more than one of them. being presumptuous, highness, but. mouth. too hard to do the same for images. but. one. just. of idiots. Ebedi hesitated. ah. "I. um. "So. that after all. my wildest dreams had I dared to hope. swallowing. been to see you, touch you, and not. cordially as he could manage. pictures. friend. such trash to. such. The boy bit his lip. some horrible barbarian came and. trying to work his way past the burning in his throat. and his name is Ebedi. The servant hesitated. I heard. very nervous. dungeons and. wildlands for. breathe. "Th. morning. were to leave this morning. chances of a single man, alone and wounded. and ignored them all. their sheaths on one of the chairs. strong. seemed. game, Inkiza. up into a dark smirk. the carpet. "The. guarding the palace, but. newest locks. hands. Unless. Inkiza froze. "I. I thought. "Though, speaking of you and Cesim. left. there they'd be more than just scars. blinked. just. wanted me to be. Fahrin said the Council declared me unfit to rule. afraid you'll have to build a new council, my King. now. permit, I have a request to beg. Inkiza's breath seemed to be coming in shallow gasps. King. "You. got interrupted. to place a name to it. bedspread, his hands grasping thin handfuls of Ebedi's furs. it's. to my parents. Hello there :D So I've finally started a new story on here. I actually intend to finish this one. c'mon. won't start up again. it. wish I could drive you, sweetie, but I've gotta be at work in. Guess I can't go, then. stick out even more if you start later than everyone else. love to face the music, Mom. hasn't left yet. no, no, no, please say he left already. wouldn't mind? for us. the door. Brady! angel when he wanted to be. had to leave my friends and my house and my school behind. closet. while his back was turned. Dr. Adam asked him, the sarcasm irritatingly potent. he muttered, crossing his arms to keep from throwing somethin. he protested, jabbing his finger into Adam's chest. A smile lit up the doctor's face and he quickly pulled the wad of papers back to his own side. Heaving a huge sigh, he made his way through the glass doors, his presence causing the three arguing youngsters to pause and stare up at him like he was some sort of otherworldly creature. he questioned, narrowing his eyes and crossing his big, intimidating arms—the muscles flexing threateningly. Russell groaned. Zack paused at his words, seeming to be the self-appointed speaker for the three of them. He really didn't want to play daddy with a bunch of children…. Zack eyed him skeptically, biting his lower lip and mulling over Russell's terms. There. Jeremy stuck close to Kaleb's side, Zack walking ahead of them. Zack backpedaled at Kaleb's words, turning to walk backwards so that he could face his younger friend. Kaleb nodded wiggling his brown eyebrows. Zack's fists were clenched at his sides as he cast covert glances over his shoulder at his best friend and his annoying little brother. he said waggling his eyebrows at the younger boy, who narrowed his eyes suspiciously at his words. Kaleb snorted at his older friend, but grabbed his fingers and leant forward to press his lips against Zack's skin chastely. he joked with a chuckle. he questioned in a low voice, his brown eyes narrowed. So, taking a deep breath, Jeremy put his hands on his waist and glared up at his older brother. Zack instantly bristled, teeth clenched tightly as he tried to restrain himself, fists twitching with the urge to do just what Jeremy had suggested and deck the little brat. Jeremy smiled, squeezing Kaleb's arm. Jeremy scowled. Kaleb watched the two Holcomb boys toss words back and forth, both positively livid. They'd walked in the direction Mr. Russell had indicated and even gone up a floor, but had somehow gotten a bit mixed up along the way and were now thoroughly and completely lost. Kaleb huffed, not at all pleased with the amount of noise they were making as they continued to shout. Kaleb blinked. Nah. Kaleb let out a sigh of relief when he could no longer hear the two. Kaleb put his arms behind his head in a comfortably relaxed position, once again finding himself walking alongside a long row of giant windows, exposing the familiar courtyard from before. He'd always loved the rain, it never failed in making the atmosphere around him all warm and cozy. he exclaimed to himself, a triumphant grin sliding across his lips. Kaleb followed the direction the arrow indicated and rounded the corner. Kaleb's blue eyes grew wide and he bit his lips to prevent the escape of another surprised gasp, frantically wondering if he should run to help the man or go and find someone else to do it. The boy didn't answer him. Kaleb scowled at this. The stranger eyed his unmoving hands before glancing up to look at Kaleb directly, his penetrating stare causing the younger boy to flinch back slightly. Kaleb asked, both his hands flying up to wind around the teen's shoulders in order to keep him from toppling forward. he asked, a slow smirk suddenly spreading across his lips, his eyes still closed. It was quiet for a few tense moments, before the guy jerked his head abruptly, teeth clenched and body tensing as he hissed something else under his breath. The boy cringed again, his entire face contorting as if he were in pain and his arm pressing so close it nearly completely cut off Kaleb's air supply, his forearm forcing against his jugular. The teen bit his lower lip, his brows pulling together, left nearly speechless. Kaleb couldn't bring himself to move away. His hushed words caused the stranger to weaken, his body growing limp in his hold. Kaleb blinked softly, his arms never relinquishing the older boy, when he felt the stranger's breath hitch, as if he were waiting for something. His words cracked as he squeezed harder, struggling against the tears that were forming once again. I knew I had talent from the second I put my graphite pencil on the clean white sketch pad. My mother would ask me. The time came when I thought I was going to turn in my sketch pad and be sunk into the world of business suits and briefcases. West Bank High was nothing special. I took one glance at the boy standing in the doorway, Maxim Hart was revolting. he asked in a smooth, low voice. Mrs. Swinton instructed. The fact that Maxim Hart was walking over directly towards me didn't phase me at all. Maxim was the only one out of his group of friends that had a good head on his shoulders. he said with a cheeky smile. she said. Mrs. Swinton called out. I said through gritted teeth. I said. she said with a wave of her hand. he said and then paused for a moment. I cringed at the sound of my voice coming out of my mouth. he said. 1. Skip knew there was something in the air that evening, but at the time he thought it was just acacia pollen. What he had was closer to cabin fever. Skip knew them well. Both of the carousels happened to contain romance novels. the girl said. Patrick visibly shuddered. Skip knew exactly what he was looking for at Cherry Street. Each time he waited to go out until he felt like a fourteen-year-old, finding arousal in anything vertical or rounded and creased: asparagus or peaches, or at work, the little bell on the reference desk that Patrick used to get him to come out of the stacks. He had a couple of outfits he saved for this kind of thing, clothes that expressed his singlemindedness without locking him into a single simpleminded role. One of the good things about living in the city was that he had no need for a car. Also impervious to acacia pollen, but feeling something in the air, was Marcus Hand. Marcus rolled his eyes. Skip thought the crowd was disappointing. He didn't look all that much like Simon. Yeah, well, that was enough of that. said someone behind him. Skip turned around. The guy sat down at Skip's little duet table, Skip's eyes following him the whole way. Skip's head was spinning. Marcus asked. But Skip found himself answering,  Where the rooms were. Apparenty Skip was going to break his rules tonight after all. The conversation ranged from figs to politics to literature to how nice it was to live in such a congenial city with such nice weather. Skip wrestled with himself and finally got control. Skip breathed. Skip made sure to pay for the room himself. Marcus noticed that his date had sidestepped every invitation to share his name. When he'd caught the eye of the guy at the little table by the plant he'd adjusted his plans. His revised plans involved staying at the baths until the two o'clock closing time, having this guy as many times and ways as the interval would allow, and starting the last affair he'd ever need. He let him pay for the room -- another sign, he thought, that he had the man. Skip asked, running his tongue over Marcus's balls and up the underside of his penis. Marcus said. His guy reached for the bowl which sat prominently in the room, and pulled out three different packets, which he held up for Marcus to choose. He did it with his mouth. Marcus curled his fingers into Skip's sun-bleached hair, urging, not pushing. Marcus watched him at work. Marcus tugged him lightly by his penis and he did come, grunting. Marcus said. When the man opened his hazel eyes, Marcus stared into them: what he saw was complicated, open, almost wounded. Marcus got up and fumbled through his pockets. The man stared at the things and did not take them. He turned away and didn't look back at Marcus while he dressed. Skip came out of the baths fifteen minutes before the bus would come by. Skip spent the rest of the night and most of the next day drawing. The fury in Marcus's eyes when Skip rejected his phone number. Friday he went to the arboretum, as usual. Marcus woke up in a mood. Skip slipped into the library half an hour before he was supposed to and marched straight to the bowels of the preservation room. Minutes before the library was scheduled to close, a patron arrived at the reference desk. Patrick had the man write it all down for Skip. Marcus took the paper. Patrick came home with Skip for dinner and a movie. It was true. Patrick didn't know the whole story, but he knew enough that he could see the change in Skip's mood when he pushed him. Skip reluctantly brought out his biggest sketchbook and handed it over to Patrick. When he came back in the room, Patrick was studying a page where Skip had wreathed a central picture of Marcus as Skip had first seen him, smiling and teasing, with smaller head-studies showing the range of expressions Marcus had displayed through the night. Text copyright © 2009 by K.A. LindeAll Rights Reserved. Note: This is a rough draft preview of the beginning of Avoiding Commitment. Vibrations reverberated throughout the miniscule apartment. She peeled her eyes open searching desperately for the obnoxious noise before zeroing in on her crummy old cell phone. Lexi pulled the phone from her ear and looked at the time. The fact that she didn't recognize the number wasn't what perplexed her, but that it wasn't a local New York area code. she asked cutting him off abruptly mid-sentence. She almost felt bad for speaking so severely to him especially since she was too groggy to recognize the voice. Chill bumps broke across her arms and neck as his name registered and she was able to finally place the voice. Deep down, she knew her reaction was not only uncharacteristic of her usual cool demeanor, but also completely uncalled for. Her eyes bulged out. She glanced around her tiny room watching as specks of light began to filter in through the window. she said glancing around her tiny apartment. He sucked in a long deep breath before continuing. She did know him. she asked coldly. he replied very softly into the phone. This, however, was not something she had been prepared for. Lexi help nodding even though she knew that he couldn't see her. Lexi rolled her eyes to the ceiling in exasperation. she stated telling only a partial truth. he said quietly. was all she could get out. She hung up the phone closing it with brutal force. Lexi ground her teeth in frustration. In all truth, the living room, dining room, and kitchen were all compacted into one puny space with two doors leading into the bedrooms on either side. Dusty wood floors creaked as she moved towards the kitchen to begin brewing the pot of coffee she so desperately needed. Her breezy Saturday had turned from encouragingly relaxing to a spastic panic attack in the span of a short fifteen minute phone call. Forgoing a cab, Lexi trekked on auto-pilot across town haphazardly knocking into eager tourists staring skyward. That was precisely who she was after as she meandered down Park Avenue on the way to the Upper East Side. Lexi and Chyna had met nearly two years ago standing in line at a nightclub. Lexi, having seen one too many of these girls flounce in front of her, began throwing a fit screaming about another skanky whore taking her place inside. Lexi took the elevator to the top floor listening absentmindedly to the classical ballad playing through the speakers. Her tastes were constantly changing, and with a trust fund somewhere around the nine digit range, why not readjust one's life, home, and wardrobe whichever way the wind blew. Advancing across the room and through the arching hallway, Lexi made her way towards Chyna's room. Lexi pursed her lips with envy as Chyna slung her long olive-toned legs over the edge of the bed and hopped down. Her parents had made a bloody mess of their divorce when she was in high school spreading their filth and personal affairs all over the tabloids. Lexi smiled at her. she said smiling mischievously. Chyna always got this excited when Lexi found someone new. she began, realizing she had mirrored Jack's words exactly. Lexi did remember. Lexi sighed, and then quickly gave Chyna the run down on the mess Jack had gotten himself into. she asked. Chyna said hopping off the bed and moseying into her walk-in closet. After a minute, Lexi joined Chyna in her closet and gazed around at the disaster that had ensued after only a few minutes of Chyna's presence. The entire time this wardrobe fiasco ensued, Lexi remained lost in her thoughts. Lexi gulped as Chyna walked into her bathroom, likely not to surface for another thirty minutes, at least. Finally, she worked up the courage to press the button, then immediately hung up. The rewritten summary: Aiden Carlisle: 1. And. Usually when someone destroys her radio for no apparent reason, people will start asking questions. Well, unless she was conducting a scientific experiment. that fighting back in any way prolonged the pain. didn't do anything to stop him. sister. and my parents were in jail. too. pig. Not like he needed anything, he was the happiest guy on the planet right now; he still couldn't believe his luck, buying that bar of chocolate back home was his best investment. Alex shook his head. The stands on the market were selling all kinds of things, from fruits and vegetables, to luxurious fabrics and various nick-nacks for the tourist. He wandered around for a while more, buying something that resembled tacos, but flavored with spices he never tasted before. It took him longer than he anticipated to get there, the sun was already low in the sky, and it's light growing dimmer by the moment made him quicken his steps. The building itself was made from a pale colored stone, the outer surface decorated with intricate patterns of leafs, flowers and tendrils. But getting there seemed to be more challenging than he thought. Alex had no idea what more he could say, or if they even understood him, but he felt positively like an intruder. He walked to a column and gazed down, fighting the sudden wave of nausea from the height. He was hauled after a man as they descended the tower, the death-grip on his arm never relaxing, while someone kept shoving him from behind every time he tried to slow down to catch his breath. girl. frustration. in school. didn't mind. deep inside the girl's heart. to know the true reason. consequences". so curious about someone she didn't know. wide shocked by her thoughts. Bored yet? Normal. However, I learned pretty quickly that people think you're weird if you speak like a seventy year old politician. Like a. Why the hell am I explaining this to you? Jak Edins. The room around me quietened until it was silent. Then the teacher's voice cut through the room, jarring my concentration and making me lose focus on my sentence. Mrs Gall was standing by her desk, her mouth moving as she explained something to the class. His style of dress – and by that I mean his clothing, you fucktards, not that he's actually wearing a dress – deserved a second look. His face was interesting, to say the least. I didn't even know his name. Get out of my way, idiot! Let me tell you; I'm not too fond of the idea of being eaten. Mrs Gall trilled. Nooooo! I tried to ignore the presence beside me. I wasn't obsessed or anything. I was sitting comfortably in my corner of the cafeteria, alone at my table. The doors flung open as Ollie walked in, flanked by his unfortunate guide for the day. I lowered my gaze as his eyes swept past my corner, concentrating on the indigestible pasta. I jerked, my hand releasing the fork to have it clatter by my elbow and fall to the floor. I could see my funeral already. I was so in shock I just did was he told me to do, going round the opposite end of the table so my back was facing the lunchroom. And by everything, I mean having the scary psycho but surprisingly arty new guy sit at my table earned me an insulting amount of attention. I'm not used to socialising. "Hey. Charlotte giggled. Charlotte eyeballed Ollie as she stated this, making it clear the offer was really intended for him. I couldn't help but laugh at that, turning my head into my shoulder to try and mask it as a cough. She stalked off, leaving Kate to give us the finger before she strutted off too. WOOP! Working night shift. I chuckled at her humour. Soo. Sighing, I shut the fridge and went to my room, falling on my bed and picking up my latest book. I scarpered out of the room, glad to be free of all that yelling and noise. As I turned the corner I almost tripped over my own feet in surprise. My lips quirked into an unsure smile. four years. their fires. come from someone in the office? a secret admirer. flower. reasons, and that was where it stayed. existence or his skill. I owe you one. in the journey to the office. on. steps and entered the tiny space. pads of his fingers. Darryl's mouth. line of vision. just. didn't leave any stains on clothes. very. have. electric bill by playing videogames all the time on his plasma TV. My cousin is coming over tomorrow, from Queensland, for like, 10 weeks. Through the slush, Preston jogged across the parking lot and down the side alley leading to the employee entrance of the private club. He could feel the thumpa-thumpa of the music before he could hear it. Preston responded sarcastically, taking the ribbing in kind. Though he knew Julian was just kidding about the Enforcer, Preston's eyes flittered over to the stage. Preston had been working here since he was 20 and even after five years, the patrons' exhibitions still turned his head. Section eight was the VIP section in the upper level, overlooking the dance floor. In his mid to late 30s, Carter Jameson was an imposing figure. Hearing his name called in that smoky, stern voice made Preston's heart rate pick up. Carter was aware Preston was in school, when he had first started working at the Forum he had been in the middle his Bachelor of Commerce degree. A flirtatious smile slipped into place as he walked away from Carter. Preston looked more closely at the man as he handed over the drink. Preston moved onto the next man, smiling charmingly. Preston worked his way around the room. She smiled seductively, lips thick with crimson lipstick. Preston laughed. Did he? A roar went up from the crowd. Every year, the club's promotions staff put together little extras this time of the year. Preston immediately started to turn and walk away, thinking perhaps he could hide in the shadows until it was all over. To the sound of wolf whistles, Timothy gave Cora a kiss a few feet away, dipping her theatrically. The crowd heckled good-naturally and behind the lens the dancer with the camera smiled wickedly; the little shit wasn't leaving without the kiss. Then suddenly, the crowd starting cheering and going crazy. Carter was standing there. Carter's thin, straight lips pulled into a small smirk. Thankfully his response was automatic, he returned the kiss, angling forward a little bit more, mouth asking for more. Preston felt his glasses being placed back on his nose. Preston tried to laugh it off. Preston jumped at the low voice though he quickly placed the speaker. Preston snickered. That was unexpected. With a shrug, Preston hurried into the back and into the break room. blonde streaks mixed in. really. here. about. shook his head. one city per state. thanks, love. was nine. kids with her. hiding her face. Randee looked up from the iPhone she was pretending to be busy with. The phone was a new acquisition – a gift from her aunt. She was sitting together with four other girls at a corner table in the ridiculously luxurious cafeteria of the school. Randee held her sigh back. Of course Rebecca would think that, Randee mused. Michelle said. Sandy exclaimed a little too loudly. Randee smiled enigmatically. Min-ah finally contributed to the conversation as she lifted her eyes from her phone. Randee blinked at the screen. Things were officially getting out of hand. Sure enough, he was there together with his buddies. Thankfully, Michelle called him over and he came down to them, looking bored out of his mind. That was all he said as he stood in front of her. Randee swallowed hard, and couldn't tear her gaze away from his eyes. she started, but her words got stuck in her throat when he narrowed his eyes. She said quickly and turned to walk away. She had barely taken two steps when her arm was suddenly grabbed, and she was spun around to face him again. Her heart thudded loudly in her ribcage, and the skin under his hands pulsed in time with it. she said, her eyes looking straight at his. She closed her eyes and laughed softly. He raised an eyebrow. She held herself back from rolling her eyes. He extended his hand to her and without thinking she brought hers forward. He snatched the device from her and dialed his, then gave the phone back. He ignored her outburst, and instead grasped her chin roughly to tilt her face up. She smiled at his retreating back and waved at the group of guys. Michelle and Min-ah could barely contain themselves on the way back. Sandy exclaimed, already into the story. She rested her head on her hands. Now it seemed like popularity had its own irritating points. Michelle suggested. Randee paled. Randee swallowed her gasp in time. Everyone laughed at her words, and Randee had to force a smile on her face. Author's Notes and Warnings: This story was sort of a precursor to Penny Candy, written between 2005 and '06 and posted on my now-defunct writing blog on Livejournal. The world is dark; my body feels numb. My left wrist is still tightly bound to the brass grille that sits between the bed and the wall. And now he lays beside me, kissing my shoulder and running his coarse fingers down the length of my body. He purrs, pressing closer to me. The punishments. They watch me carefully from the doorway, eyes curious under their tousled hair, looking like animals confronting a stranger in their midst. Garren bites me again, startling me out of my thoughts. When they're gone, he lays me flat on my back and spreads my thighs apart with one of his knees, still planting kisses on my lips and cheeks. I come crashing back to myself when Garren wraps his hand around my cock and squeezes: pleasure cuts through me, spikes up my anus and prickles between my legs like a stiletto, and I come with a broken whimper, spilling semen on the bed sheets and over Garren's hand. He thrusts a few more times and then comes, grunting, his fingers digging into my hips painfully. It's an alien word to me. Garren pats the boy on the head, then cups his cheek. I watch him silently. I doze, listening to the muffled sounds of the street outside and feeling Garren's semen slowly sliding out of my anus and onto the already heavily stained sheets. It doesn't come. He eases me onto my back and lifts my legs up and apart, and I try not to tense too much as he cleans the semen and saliva away. I watch him as he tends to the wound on my arm, treating it with foul-smelling potions and creams before bandaging it up in clean white linen. The boy's finished with my arm, and I'm completely hard, my cock standing straight up and aching to be touched. When the boy has replaced the sheets on the bed with crisp new ones and discarded the old ones in a laundry basket, he moves the bed back into position and lifts me back onto it, careful not to touch my throbbing cock. I open my mouth, try to remember how to work my tongue after making only short, animal sounds for so long. The boy finally turns around again, biting his lip. Scarcely two minutes go by before I tense and cry out, my hips jerking. Ever since the beginning of our kind, it is said that every male and female have a soul mate who they were destined to be with for the rest of their immortal lives. guess that I am. Street. promise. are colored at the end, red, yellow and white? the TV…. smart, leaned away. to him. isn't fun! that's not really till later. first day at university. having sex. Or dying. But. Which. Eagle. to a relative nobody in a gigantic-sized population. I did. Oh, you'll do fine, sweetheart. as a responsible adult. in tow. Yes. Sorry, man, I'm not normally this hyper. Isn't this completely strange? a whole new environment. set of people. months and it's. of us Chelsea High veterans in the building. piercing blue eyes, dark hair, slightly unshaven. Yeah, but. Oh yeah, it's great to have goals. Look, we all know the ladies dig you, but. Well, no, but. Oh. Hi, um, so. with me, Anna. So. all the time and I hate it! is 6'2. Oh, no. Bother me? would. Besides, even if there was a possibility of. there's no way I could let anything happen. Title: One MomentAuthoresses: VoodooPanda and ANT-chanRating/Genre: Romance/Drama/Humor/NC-17 (for far too many things XD)Summary: Sasha Adelais has resigned himself to the single life at an early age. Super Special Warning of Awesome Disclaimers: These characters, this plot, and this setting belong to us. Prologue: Just One Moment The short brunet stretched his arms as high above his head as he possibly could, struggling to reach a thick, black-bound volume. Standing at the end of the aisle was an older teen, tall and lean with short dark hair. Aiden wisely chose not to comment, easily plucking the leather-bound tome from its perch. Sasha took the book with a slight frown, hugging it to his chest. And Aiden meant it. Sasha willed his cheeks not to flush that embarrassingly girly bright pink they tended to favor and averted his eyes. Sasha retrieved a black-and-white checkered messenger bag and tucked the book of Poe's work into it, then slung it over his shoulder. Aiden stared blankly at the spot the where Sasha had vanished, and then slowly looked down at the phone number written on his hand. Aiden glanced up sharply at the familiar voice and came face-to-face with. Aaron Patroclos was standing casually at the end of the aisle, an easy-going smile on his face. This time it was Aaron who glared. When Aiden had completed his task, Aaron checked his watch. Old World CharmDisclaimer: I do not own anything you recognise. That was the first thing anyone would notice. Her black hair was splayed over her shoulders. Jerry turned his head and a slow smirk lit up his features. I turned to point the girl out to him. I turned back to Jerry. I shook my head. Sure, I liked sex as much as the next guy– probably more– but how many times could one have sex without talking? Jerry said, snapping me out of my little reverie. Jerry grinned brightly. I felt my lip curl. I felt disgust fill me. In the end, the prospect of sitting at home and drinking alone hadn't appealed to me. After digging around in my pockets, I found my packet of cigarettes. In the last four days, I hadn't seen that girl even once. Part of me was hoping that she would be at the game. But apparently, Jerry wasn't as blind as me. By the time I got to the seats, Jerry had bullied some freshman into leaving me a space. Jerry grinned knowingly. Indeed, a few moments later, some cheerleaders pranced onto the field. In some ways, it was like they were items on sale, displaying their wares to potential customers. I sat through all of two minutes of the football game. She was emerging from the field, dressed like an oldies movie star again– faded black jeans and a dark black sweatshirt. When she drew closer to me, she damn near took my breath away. She didn't notice me as she floated past. Maybe it was the way she'd looked so sad and vulnerable. It was October when I saw her again. I wasn't much surprised when several girls asked me. But despite not having a date, I went to the stupid Halloween dance anyway. I was late. So, I gave up and headed out, ignoring all the sluts who were shoving their practically bare breasts in my face. She was near my truck. My steps towards her were small and careful. Her head lifted and she stared at me. For all I knew, she was just another bimbo among the millions I seemed to have encountered at the school. She immediately jumped and scuttled off. I said. A small, rosy blush spread across her cheeks. She turned to leave. She faced me again. Tears flooded her eyes again and some of them silently fell down her cheeks. My heart writhed uncomfortably in my chest. But she was shocked. I felt uncomfortable. I echoed, shocked. Now, I stared. She looked me over. It was probably my personality that scared people more though. Again, I didn't let her go. I said, and she shivered. She looked up at me and her blush extended. Stephanie's eyes dulled. Stephanie's eyes flew up and locked with mine. Just crazy for you. I asked suddenly, wondering whether she was a freshman. I asked. I asked. My heart leapt. I murmured, wanting to slit my wrists after hearing the clichéd comment issuing from my mouth. They were as soft as they looked; pliant and submissive. But then, I leaned away. Now, I was just plain shocked. I cleared my throat. The small smile on her lips only heightened my desire to kiss her again, and properly. Instinctively, my tongue was slipping into the small gap. Immediately, I deepened the kiss. She let out a small whimper. And then, we broke apart. I smiled softly at her. The blush made another appearance, stronger than ever. I laughed. Stephanie stared at me as though she couldn't quite believe it. I enthused. And I leaned down to kiss her again. Start swimming! Salt stings. else. more of it. like. I rose to my feet also, fixing my white lab coat before offering my arm to help him hobble out of my office. Mr. Bryan left the building, blotting his eyes with a handkerchief. I bade Laura farewell and walked down the disturbingly white halls toward Joe Peckl's room, waving wordlessly whenever someone shouted at me. After I knocked twice on the door, Joe hurried over and tore it open, eyes wildly searching the area and a big smile on his face. Joe thrust a small box into my hands, one that had been freshly carved from wood. Lucy was being her typical self, constructing a myriad of glimmering tinfoil hats, one of which she insisted I wear. The hospital was closing down for the night and Rachel passed by me on her way out. Apparently my newest patient was a man, completely undiagnosed, an apple ripe for my psychoanalysis picking. I snorted disdainfully as I read through the comments. She waved with her index finger, still typing away as I walked out the sliding glass doors into the fresh air outside. Home for me was about forty minutes away from St. Peter's, which was rather nice because it gave me time to think and mull over my patients. I parked in my driveway, carrying my papers underneath my arm and fiddling with my keys as I walked toward the front door. I stood on my tiptoes to peck him on the lips and waved goodbye as he left. Receiving new patients was like Christmas for us at the asylum. Just a fun little zombie romance that I've recently been tinkering around with. The 'fact' that zombies are a bunch of mindless flesh eating machines is not entirely true. I was a teenage boy when the zombie apocalypse thing became more than a movie or comic book theme. I kinda wished that even more, when I woke up dead, colder and stiffer than I'd ever been in my entire life… Well, we'll just say than I'd ever been because life wasn't exactly what I was living then or now. It must have taken hours for me to get to my feet. When I eventually did stand, I took a good hour or two to learn to walk again. I had gotten the hang of things after a half a day. My skin, which used to be flush with blood, was now some ashen grey and, while I could not feel particularly well, I imagined it to be something akin to leather. The real disgusting flavor only came when I would cough up something out of my lungs or gut, everything wasn't quite sludge but what was would come up when I felt the uncomfortable bloat beginning to well up inside me… Though, my coughs were nothing more than some slow vomitous motion. I remember my life vaguely from before; I remember killing zombies, playing videos games, having some completely wild sex with someone I barely knew, and I remembered my family too. The first thing to know about zombies is that they aren't all made equal. The second thing to know about zombies is we're not exactly drawn to human flesh. Third thing to know is that even while some of us are a bit smarter than normal… We have little to no inhibitions. The last thing one should know about zombies is we go through strange physical cycles. Needless to say, for the smarter of us… Hanging out with a crowd of ourselves just isn't optimal. I wasn't always a complete jerk. Kayla Saunders grinned as we walked through the hallway. After all, I'd known him for years. I essentially took him under my wing at that point. So on the first day of school when I had seen him walk out of room 347 as I made my way to my locker, I couldn't hold back the desire to just kick him in the back. When he realized that it was just me, Alexandra North, his annoying neighbor, the scowl on his face was priceless. One would think that Adam would learn after being viciously attacked that one time. Today was no different. Excitement coursed through me as I pulled my leg back, ready to punt his backpack. People around us started giving me odd glares and the pointing and staring was already happening. I heard Kayla blubbering from next to me, unable to form any words. But I definitely couldn't say that the vicious expression Conner Flannery's face was similar to Adam's. His blue eyes were livid, drilling holes through me as I tried to find use of my vocal chords. Conner snorted in disgust, running a hand through his hair as he looked up at the ceiling. I smacked my forehead with the palm of my hand, not wanting to respond to the question that I had already silently answered a few seconds ago. Conner immediately came to my rescue when I found myself getting yelled at by my parents. A smirk crept on his face and I knew right off the bat that he had every intention of telling Blaine and probably the entire soccer team. He grinned, picking up his duffel bag and hiking it up his shoulder. I tried to forget about everything that had just happened. I sat in the back of my AP Physics class, next to Conner and Blaine's other best friend, Travis Long. Mr. Wood, our Physics teacher, was pacing back and forth in front of the chalkboard. I heard the sound of a vibrating phone from my left. Obviously, I was completely oblivious as to what he found so hysterically funny. Regardless, Wood had his back to us as he began re-explaining the equations for finding the coefficients of static and kinetic friction. I gaped at the message. In the midst of my thoughts, I felt something hit my arm and roll onto my desk. Shaking my head, I wrote my answer on the paper and sneaked a glance at Wood. Mr. Wood was staring straight at me as the entire class turned around to look at me as well. Travis suddenly whispered quietly, making sure that Mr. Wood couldn't hear that he had just given me the answer. Quickly packing my stuff into my bag, I shoved Wood's words about homework out of my mind as I headed for the door. Blaine was standing in front of me, looking absolutely frustrated. Blaine groaned, pulling me by my arm towards our locker. A new voice entered our conversation as I groaned. Conner grinned at that and I almost didn't want to know what he was going to say. He stopped his explanation and stared at my still figure. I couldn't even believe what I was hearing right now. I shook my head, internally debating the horrible situation I'd gotten myself into. This also meant that I was selling my soul to the Dark Side by going on dates with Conner Flannery. I looked down at my watch and sure enough, my sectional practice was about to start in ten minutes. He dropped my arm and gestured for the other two to follow him. This is version 4. Gudrun didn't like the game. She amped the workout on her elliptical up, determined to let go of all the anger in the furious way her legs pumped. The first mistake, she knew, was letting herself get so involved with Zane in the first place. It was a bad move on her part, she admitted. But he wasn't the god he thought he was. Eddie materialized in her field of vision then, mopping the sweat off of his forehead. Eddie prophesized then, and switched gears when they passed one of the classrooms. Gudrun kept moving, preferring not to dignify his actions with commentary. It wasn't like they'd even been dating. Then why the hell was she so angry? Gudrun scowled at the smoothie menu. Her thought process wasn't helping her keep the anger at bay, and only seemed to emphasize her original mistake here – getting involved in the first place. They exited the gym moments later, and Gudrun went with Eddie back to the guys' place to finalize plans with all of them. The next couple of hours saw her changing into her two-piece, grabbing her history textbook, and lounging in a moderate state of contentedness as she finished her smoothie and soaked up the sun. Gudrun eventually dozed – her workout earlier had definitely burned a lot of energy as well as anger – and it was only the screeching sound of metal on concrete that woke her up again. he replied, positioning the other chair next her before settling down in it. Gudrun, however, was not exactly in the mood to reflect on his good looks. She reached for her phone on the ground and checked it idly; he had called. Gudrun was fairly certain she wasn't ready to talk about the why of that – she didn't even know what it was. She couldn't, however, lie. Without warning, he leaned forward and tried to kiss her. That had been another reason. By then she'd already hung out with him twice before, in the company of others, and had been surprised by what she'd found. Her second mistake, probably. The potshot surprised her. This was almost as surprising as the show of annoyance. she replied evenly, and sat up then, moving her sunglasses to the top of her head. he replied, semi-serious. She hated it when he called her that. Her eyes followed him out, and only after she'd heard the apartment door close did she realize she was holding her breath. laughed. pig. pretty easily. quickly. said. eyes at me. don't doubt that. situation with me and Amy. I do? the Tootsie Pop. night. wrong with you"? raise anyway. whatever. off. I've been using DSV University for the longest time. This scene might be kind of confusing. . . . . . . Dean swallowed his latest mouthful and watched Aaron's back as he sauntered across the cafeteria, headed towards the 'Brain Block'. . Elle looked up from the remnants of her sandwich and blinked in surprise. I am taking this story down both because of plagiarism problems and for copyright issues. the listAuthor's Note: So this is just a fun little story that I decided to write. Summary: A girl makes a list of 100 things she wants to find in her perfect guy. 5. 11. 13. 16. 18. 32. 36. 42. 53. 69. 74. 83. 84. 92. 99. was. How could he hurt me like this, you might ask? It hurt me, more than physically. Mother! I saw an unfamiliar man approach the bed I was in. Intro: Hi, I'm Ella Cavelleri. Out of the tiny airplane window I watched the sun shining so brightly among the clouds that I couldn't help but think back to all the beautiful days I'd spent on the sunny California beach coast. I would also missed Tyler. Looking back it makes some sense at least now that they were separating. Now I was on my way to England, Whitman Academy in London to be exact. Tyler was also the one who had taken me to the airport this morning, my former  were to busy with their own lives to bother. He flashed his amazing smile that made 90 percent of the female population at my old school drool. I surprised myself by being strangely excited and only a little nervous. I got off the plane and went to the luggage claim . I stared out the window as Ron pointed out the buildings, monuments, and landmarks on the way to Whitman Academy. , Ron said from beside me. Ron came around the car and opened my door for me. Hello, my name is Ivy Green, Lexie White, and Ginger Brown. Hi there, if you don't know me, my name is Ivy Green. No, I don't serve people. So, you're most likely wondering, 'Well, why don't you teach ballet at a nice uptown studio or simply take dance lessons at your school? Allow me to elaborate. All right, you want details? Not that I'm complaining. So, I work at Rendezvous, which happens to be the hottest place to be in town. Hey there, my name is Lexie White. Heyy, my favorite visitor. So, the school year has just begun, and guess what: I have news. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. More juicy juice soon to come, my hungry chick-a-dees, as of now, time for new trends. FOR GIRLS: (I hope no boys will be seen wearing these, though, I'd pay to see it) strappy, silver heels, short shorts (jeans) or mini skirts (Against Dress Code. FOR BOYS: (Girls, just stick to the above, please. Oh, hello. Well, there's not much to say about me. A/N: My first ever Skow Challenge. I sighed for the fifth time. I watched as the guy sitting across from me squinted, chewed pencil's end, scribbled, scratched out, rubbed back of his head, squinted again, lather, rinse, repeat. I rolled my eyes and moved around the table to sit in the seat next to him. Now, if I knew better or had any experience of the sort, then I'd say he was . My eyes widened in absolute terror and I used my peripheral vision to scope out any modes of exit. He stopped the rest of my objection by pressing his fingers against my lips, to which I instantly seized up in shock and horror. He leaned in closer and finally removed the ghastly appendage, grinning wolfishly all the while. I backed up. When I finally regained control of my body, Adam had done far enough damage to my romantic immune system. I didn't bother dealing with this incident anymore, so I turned and walked away. Sasha's glare didn't lessen any, making my confusion grow. Connor didn't answer for a while—not because he contemplated the meaning of that sentence (it couldn't get any deeper than what I just said; I'm sure there were no underlying feelings involving that kiss), but because he was finishing the paragraph he was reading. I narrowed my eyes at him. That is why I was inside the throng of the masses standing by the entrance looking for a guy I've barely spoken to in all our education history. I found Raze a few minutes later sitting at a long table in between crew team members and the step dance team. He didn't notice me right away. he said with a little less enthusiasm. His widened eyes flew up and caught mine, and I saw the flush lightly coating his face. I sat there, looking at the guy who had probably never voiced his feelings to anyone, yet managed to say so much to me. I nodded. He stared down at his book for a while. I moved away from the table and a cursory check on my watch notified me that I had about ten more minutes until the lunch bell rang. I nearly made it out unscathed, but as I was exiting the double entrance doors leading to our courtyard a hand yanked me into the hallway. Rachael Derby is as prim and proper as a girl can get at the ripe age of 17. I said at last. Rachael sighed again and turned back to me. I dismissed her claim of Raze's antisocial manner, but I knew he'd never talk to her simply on general principle. he noted. Something in my stomach turned a little at Connor's contact and his smile directed at me, but then my hunger-rumbles overrode the feeling, giving me a worse one. So this is how the third day of this ordeal went. . I went through my morning as normally as any other, being phenomenally studious and having no worries whatsoever besides some really difficult partial differential equation. I was late gathering all the textbooks needed for the lesson from my locker, so the hallways were empty on my walk to the classroom. I peered around and saw Adam standing in front of the classroom talking to Raze. I didn't have to look to see what Raze did next. From my position I wasn't sure if I should go there and break up their fight. She emerged from one of the classrooms in the hall, presumably from the commotion, and at seeing her unrequited love get punched in the nose by her male counterpart she shrieked and ran at them. Meanwhile, Adam's face already started swelling and if I had an ounce of pity to give him I would. It was Sasha, and she didn't look happy at all seeing Rachael's hands all over Raze. She completely ignored Adam's sprawled and groaning form and marched straight to Rachael and knocked her hands away from Raze, taking the reigns on coddling him. Rachael huffed and stood there awkwardly, probably knowing that there was no way she would ever get an in with Raze when Sasha showed just how capable she was at being Raze's number one girl. This continued on for the next five minutes before I finally moved away from the scene. Connor was at this point in my life the best person to ever be in it. This time it was I who waited for him at the tree. A blush blossomed onto my cheeks (geez, I've never blushed around Connor before. Connor looked at me for a long moment, and the back of my neck started to itch from anxiousness. But since I wasn't the type of girl to let things sit in my brain for no other reason than to plod around and make me distressed over it, I decided to act out consequences be damned. I pictured Connor's eyes lined in kohl while headphones were permanently fixed onto his head with metalcore scene music creating a mini-venue around him as well as his wardrobe consisting of baggy pants (or skinny, as boys are wont to do nowadays) weighed down by chains linking nothing but his pockets together . Then I blinked and next thing I knew Connor was kissing me, raw, furiously, and oh-so passionately that I felt all points of my nerves sizzle and fry and then come alive just to do it all over again. As a general warning, this is going to end up being slash, M/M, whatever the folks are calling it nowadays (in other words it contains homosexual men. A/N: What we have here is the very first thing I have been inspired to write in MONTHS! River sighed as he wondered, not for the first time, why people who complained about a store repeatedly came into it. This was, of course, usually the part where River - who thankfully was not forced to wear a nametag that would no doubt bring assumingly witty jokes out of very funny women of whom River had no interest in. Lazy fuck, River mused. Yep, he was used to surly customers. River's face actually fell into a sneer when the man came in. River did as he was told, halfway holding his breath the entire time as he waited for the man to start. Fucking dick. God, he hated working in retail. Which is how he found himself working at an out of the way store down towards the vacation homes in Dunnsville for an Eastern Indian fellow who didn't know him nor care what he did in the store as long as everything was clean and the money was right. True, at 24 River should be far away from his childhood home just as he wished to be but being born poor and raised with such a dependant family didn't leave much room for leaving. He did as asked. River blinked and handed her the tickets and took the cash. Pulling down the lane, he weaved past a large group of little black kids playing basketball in the middle on the street, he nodded at a few that he knew and pulled into the appropriate driveway. River threw his hands up in the air and turned around. River just stared at her. I muttered to myself. And those things were making me feel more miserable than I already was. I was so preoccupied with trying to find some sorrow-drowning treats that I didn't hear my friend come in. I informed him loftily. he agreed with me, his blue eyes amused. A forward for the university's basketball team, Matt stood at a towering six feet and eight inches, dwarfing me by a full 18 inches. He turned back to me, guzzling all of my cold water without a second thought and putting the empty bottle back in the fridge, a habit of his that drove me absolutely bonkers. I asked him, eyeing his outfit as he leaned against the refrigerator. Matt shrugged carelessly. I told him. I insisted. he prodded me. Matt asked gently, coming a bit closer. I wailed pathetically. I cried, my shoulders heaving with sobs. A fresh wave of sobs shook my body. he said consolingly. he faltered, looking upset and confused. I blubbered, looking around desperately for a napkin or a dishtowel to wipe my face. Matt was standing in front of me, utterly bewildered, mouth slightly open. Tears were still trickling down my face when he returned, a large wad of toilet paper wrapped around his hand. he apologized uncomfortably, his hand slipping down from my shoulder to cup my elbow. he interrupted, perplexed. I said helplessly. I sighed heavily, nodding. I got the shock of my life when I suddenly found myself in his arms, Matt holding me gently to him. he murmured against my hair a few moments later. I consented. he began. I mumbled abruptly into his t-shirt. I could feel his answer rumble in his chest. I said teasingly, covering up my exasperation and confusion by poking his shoulder repeatedly with my finger for emphasis. he asked quietly, looking at me intently. I said fretfully. he whispered pleadingly, his eyes boring into mine. he answered a bit warily. he laughed against my ear. He was warm, his arms were warm, and his hands were tracing warm circles on my back, and I almost felt like I could fall asleep right there. He sounded slightly exasperated, like I was ruining the moment. I explained, biting my lip in worry. Me neither, I thought happily as his eyes widened. It still amazes me as I look back over the last several months how I ended up here. New Year's Day dawned bold and bright. There was a knock at my door and Carly came in with two cups of her specialty coffee, which oddly enough tasted nothing like coffee. Carly asked a couple hours later coming back into my room and plopping down on my bed. Brady showed up at my apartment around seven thirty in his basketball shorts and a tee shirt. I tried not to let myself get into a bad mood as I dished up our plates and brought them into the living room. We watched the rest of the movie silently and I could feel him running his fingers over the top of my head. Friday night Brady and I went out to a club downtown and met up with some of his friends. Carly and I pulled our suitcases through the entrance of the airport and lugged them to the check in counter. she asked sighing and closing the magazine she had been flipping through. I asked realizing that I hadn't asked. Carly asked me a little while later. Tate, I thought to myself pushing my head into the headrest of the seat. Carly said collapsing backwards onto the bed closest to the window. Carly asked opening up her suitcase on her bed. I asked pulling my pink Disneyland hat on and testing my curling iron to see if it was hot yet. apartment. suitcase from Landon. my forthright manner. Well, it was brought to my attention that the original draft of this story had been plagiarized elsewhere. The sand was wet, though the sun had baked a thin, crust-like layer on top, which crumbled under Eva's raw and aching fingers. Along with the sand that dusted her, she could feel the prickling heat on her arms and legs, a sure sign of too much exposure to the sun, and she wondered briefly just how long she'd been unconscious on the shore. Not a moment later, one very confused crab went sailing through the air, landing in a patch of seafoam left behind by a recent wave, while Eva scrambled up the shore, having found the impetus needed to start moving. The beach upon which she rested was not very large. A breeze had picked up, and clouds had obscured the sun momentarily as they scudded across the sky. The sun peeked out from behind the clouds again, and Eva realized how low it was in the sky. Once it passed, Eva glanced dubiously into the dark shadows of the foliage. Hesitating, Eva frowned and took a moment to steel her nerves. As she followed the trail, trying to avoid sharp rocks and twigs that littered the path, Eva looked for signs of other people who might have passed through. Feeling a growing sense of panic arise at the thought, Eva hastily swallowed her fear. Her father. Was her father worried about her? It would do her no good to worry, she reminded herself. She cut herself off, tilting her head curiously to one side. Plunging forward, she stumbled through the low brush and soon came upon a small stream. Now that she'd satisfied her immediate need for water, she thought next of her need for shelter. Eva glanced up, suddenly on alert. That's when she realized it. An icy feeling of dread settled in her gut, and fear lodged in her throat. She saw a hideous snout, the scales black and smooth, nostrils flaring. She tried to head towards the source of the shout—it had sounded human—but anywhere far from the strange creature would suffice. Eva's bare feet stung as the rough forest floor tore at her soles. The small tree shuddered and quaked as she grasped it tightly and pulled herself upright, pausing only to make sure she wasn't hurt. Thinking it was one of the beast's claws, Eva let out a terrified cry and yanked sharply on her leg, kicking and struggling to break free. Dropping to the ground, Eva whimpered weakly, trying to remain calm as she felt along her leg with a tentative hand, her fingers meeting the cold iron jaws of the trap. Eva shouted in as large a voice as she could muster. It was much darker now, and the breeze had picked up again, gently rustling the trees. Taking a deep breath, Eva braced herself and turned over so that she was on her hands and knees. Her hands finally closed around the cold stake, and she realized exactly how firmly it was lodged. Sniffling dryly, Eva gathered herself up, pulling her legs inward and wrapping her arms around herself. Something rustled in the brush to her left. She heard nothing more, and for a moment, she thought she'd dreamt the sound. Eva opened her mouth, moistening her chapped lips. She forced her aching, leaden limbs to move, scrabbling desperately for anything she could use to draw attention. Eva pled hoarsely, squinting her eyes and holding a hand up against the light. Without further argument, the men approached Eva. Derwin saluted seriously. Another man, this one dark and ox-like in build, bent down and wordlessly took Eva by the waist. It was a Friday, which was an odd time of the week for anyone to be doing laundry, but there she was. She was cute – not drop dead gorgeous or retaining the look that stopped men in their tracks – just cute. What he was doing there was nothing short of a coincidence. He shoved his laundry in a washer a few down from where she sat, and chose to sit on the one next to it. Silence ticked towards eight with resounding movements, even above the noise of washers and dryers. They talked well into the night, until she had no more laundry left to fold, and he hadn't nearly begun on the large bag that held all of his belongings. He thought about it for awhile, until the point of which they reached her tiny house, the one with the basement suite that she rented with a friend. He blurted into the airy quiet. They exchanged numbers and he promised to call her as soon as possible, which, he determined, would be the moment he awoke the next morning. That was how it began. A/N: oh, just say it already. UnfoldSummary:  He told me openly as we sat inside our classroom. I looked over to the voice and smiled softly. I shrugged and looked at Sophia who was fingering her flawless blonde hair. He pleaded as he kissed my cheeks and my lips once or twice… or a million times. He shook his head, his eyes dancing with life. I muttered helplessly and walked towards the door. He pulled me tightly against his chest and wrapped his arms around me tightly. I hadn't heard from Sophia or Bryant since Sunday night and I felt like something had happened that I wasn't aware of. My heart dropped at that very moment. I said, utterly defeated. My heart only sunk deeper. I went by through most of the day doing nothing; I could no longer feel any emotions. Bryant was sitting besides Sophia who was clinging to him. I said. I told him and he stood up, smiling as he finally got out Sophia's clutches. Bryant only smiled and kissed me again, wrapping his arms around me. Okay, let me explain a few things to prevent any confusion. Tanner and Blake are the same age as Adam, and the three of them have been best friends since they could talk. Anyway, since I'm only a year younger than them, the boys have always been extra brothers to me. Sandra greeted happily. However, when Sandra let herself into my house, she brought over a boy who looked about our age behind her. The boy smiled at me. Adam asked, even though Carter just introduced himself. I shouted excitedly before hugging my new friend. After a couple hours of relaxing in my room, I became extremely bored. Not being able to stand my boredom, I decided to switch on some music and put my clothes away that I had yet to get around to. Without saying anything else, he straightened himself up and walked away from my room, probably to the recording studio we had in our basement. Since it was the summer, I was definitely liking that I could sleep late everyday if I wanted to. they both answered. someone interrupted me. I sighed. It was 7. And I'm not exactly a 7. I said promptly, then turned to look out the window again. Ian. He grinned boyishly, then relaxed against the seat. He said with a smile. Your mum yelled at you for not finishing your meal, you go for a run. It's not like I'm freaking out or anything. Does this mean Ian likes me? Oh, oh. I asked out of curiousity, trying to remember the last time my older brother bought me anything as close to a bicycle. I told him as I sat on the seat right above the wheel (Technically, it isn't even a seat. … Oh. I told him. I like the way your nose crinkled slightly, that time when I accidentally ran into you (Or, in your words, attempted murder… It was just a little bicycle, Ad. And that's the main reason. I pulled open my drawer and looked for a certain piece of paper with a very important number in it. He answered, and then there it was. a/n: Major fluff, I know. The sight of them makes me sick. Even I can see why. he says, tweaking my nose. he laughs. Sam says, and without another word, he sinks into the chair next to mine. His gaze falls to Tip, and he grins. He winces as he takes off the Batman shirt he was wearing that I have completely soaked with my vomit. I close my eyes, and once I am sure there is absolutely nothing left inside for me to throw up, I open them again. My dad is the football coach at our high school, and Sam is the starting quarterback. he assures me, and then he tugs me upright. I manage, before drifting into unconsciousness. please review! Alright, guys. I was lying in my bed last night when this idea just kind of popped into my mind. Click. Zack and I had been friends for almost seven years now. I told him that I only kept him around for his food. See, my mom was best friends with Zack's Aunt Cindy. Finally, with a small sigh escaping his mouth, Zack realized he couldn't infuriate me from over there on the couch. I yelled, minimizing the document. Before I was too far away, I was able to reach out and grab my laptop from the desk. Zack's semi-short brown hair was sticking up all over the place. He wore a green t-shirt with a few white stripes going across it. Still, though, it was hard to resist his cuteness. Again, I rolled my eyes, but I didn't bother to retort on that one. A woman wearing a painfully bright purple apron and an overjoyed smile was equipped with one of those giant wooden spoons. This time, however, he caught my hand in his. I sighed overdramatically, giving up. Shifting around, I tried to find a comfortable spot on the couch. Summer hadn't officially started, but it had been roughly 90 degrees for the past week. Which reminded me. Zack's hand went up to cover my mouth. I brought my gaze up to meet his. The two of us faced directly forward. I cleared my throat and nodded, moving swiftly across the room. He clicked off the television. My house was dead silent. This was unbelievably weird. For a while, I heard the soft hum of voices on the TV. Despite the anxious butterflies in the pit of my stomach, I readjusted my sleeping position (for the third time) and finally started to drift off. I knew it was Zack. Carefully, I opened my eyes just enough so I could see what he was doing. Just as he twisted around, I shut my eyes tightly. Zack met my stare again. At first, Zack looked shocked. Eventually, a contagious grin spread across his mouth. THE END. I stand on the very edge of the field, not yet on school property, starting at the drab facade of the school. I managed to fail six out of eight of my courses last year. I walk across the field to the opposite side, and into the woods. I know I could pass the classes if I wanted, I'm not stupid, but I honestly don't care. I take out my pocket watch out of, you guessed it, my pocket. I open the top of it and stare at the time in disbelief. I take one last drag of my cigarette, then drop it to the ground, and grind it beneath my boot. I tromp out of the woods, across the field, and into the school through the back way. A new painting has been hung between the art rooms over the summer. I'm wrong though. I start walking down the hall again, trying to think of any art students who could paint that with those initials. I give up, figuring I can always ask some one in my art class if they know who painted that picture. After taking ten minutes for a two minute walk, I get to my classroom. I doesn't. I shrug giving him a sheepish smile. The Diesel Boy lyrics flash in my mind and my smile widens. There is a loud groan from the whole class. I glare at him, hoping he'll drop dead of an aneurysm and put us all out of our misery. The class winds down and the bastard hands out our lockers. I walk out of the class, and through the crowded halls. Iwalk alongthe lockers, head down, looking for the right number. The locker is already open, and some guy is standing beside it. He turns around, one eyebrow raised. All I get in reply is the finger over his shoulder. The rain dripped in through broken walls and crumbled ceilings, where wooden beams were streaked with carbon from long dead fires, and framed photographs had fallen to the floor, faces smudged away with water, and the glass shattered amongst the ruined remains of furniture. The town had the taint of blood. Except for one soldier. It would be a slow, slow dying. Through the rifle scope, his vision was rain washed. He marvelled that he could see everything. At least it was quick. Yes. It was his duty to kill, after all, and there had been a battle here. The foremost American Company had advanced on them along the muddy main road, and he'd crouched behind the tombstone of Finnegan. When the fighting breached the church, he ran out of bullets. Shell shocked. Someone had fallen forward beside him, and he turned his head to see their face. Derick said he reminded him of his little brother, and had shared his coat when an early frost hit. Another soldier's hand snagged his arm and hauled him to his feet, and they ran. Too soon, he had been woken. It had worked too, to a degree. The battle had waged on, for hours he had guessed, judging by the weak dawn creeping in under the clouds, long enough that his whole body ached with fatigue. Three men. There had been blood on his uniform. And that was how he'd wound up with his eye and mind fixed on a dead bird. Somewhere, streets away, a sudden stutter of distant machine gun fire broke the silence, sending a shock up his spine. With nothing else to do, no more energy to move, he watched the canary. At first, he didn't really notice that the cage had stopped swinging. He jolted, suddenly. It took him less than a second to have the cross hairs fixed perfectly on the soldier's helmeted head. It's what people tended to do. Three days worth of shadowed stubble on his jaw and the dark ends of hair beneath his helmet. He was thirsty, suddenly. He just wished, right then, to be in his company. The soldier lifted one knee to the windowsill and lent out into the weak rain. The rifle was still digging into his shoulder, but he didn't move it. More than anything he'd felt before. With a sigh that hurt his chest, he closed his eyes and pushed all fear from his mind. As we waited for Bree to change, I took a minute and looked around the store. Basically, my mom and Aaron's mom became best friends in kindergarten. Aaron had a sheepish look on his face, while I just grinned slyly. I pretended to be offended. I took off driving towards my house in silence for a few minutes. Okay, before I get carried away with what happened next, let me tell you about myself. First, there's Aaron. Next, there is Brittany. Next is Kim. So, then there's Blake. Finally, there's Jake. We stopped looked at each other and laughed. I drove home quickly, not thinking about anything in particular. I said to Brittany and Kim when we arrived. Jake said with a wicked grin on his face. Aaron said. We screamed. I sighed and threw myself down on a towel. My friends were all lying on towels around me as we watched the sunset; finally we decided it was time to go home. My room was huge. My king-sized bed is in the center of the room, covered with a black comforter. I answered. Jake didn't say anything throughout our conversation. I shouted, going over to hug them. my dad said hugging me, and giving me a kiss on the top of my head. I couldn't take this any longer. I shut my door, and lay on my bed. Note: This story is a little bit of a mess and it is all over the place. Author's Note: This is my first piece of original slash-fiction. The crowd stood, sat, lolled uninterestedly about the club, seeming unfazed by the high-pitched wail I'd just let out before Pete, our guitarist, launched into a loud, un-structured guitar solo which made me cringe with embarrassment that we were actually playing this pile of crap in public. Our set finally ended and I breathed a sigh of relief when some people bothered to clap and cheer half-heartedly, probably just glad to see us finally walking off the stage. I turned to stare at Pete, goggle-eyed in disbelief. Okay…. I tuned out, ignoring the rest of Rob's prattling speech. I turned my back to him once more, focusing my attention on my beer and hoping the guy had gone. The guy had I point, I guess. Johnny Turtle- Plays the sax and plays it well. There are no do-overs in real life. Now let me tell you: I am an idiot when I'm drunk. And now here we are, locked in our own mini cold war. My sophomore spring is going to be hell. I know some people might be confused by the quote at the beginning of the chapter, since this story actually has nothing to do with nukes. The strangest day of my life was the Monday that I found Patrick Graywake's diary in the boy's bathroom. It was strange because it was the first time that DC Birch ever spoke to me. Okay. I slept through my alarm clock which left me scrambling around the house like a crazy person, as usual. Ugh, okay, let me explain DC Birch before I get into this. DC is my next door neighbor and I believe he's around my age since I'm pretty sure that we're in the same grade. I was pondering that in surprise when I spotted his figure down the street, sauntering towards my direction. The bus was late. And just to clarify, my opinion of DC hadn't been high to start with. He wasn't exactly the kind of guy that a girl like me hung around, next door neighbor or no. I'd squinted towards our houses as if I could pierce through the closed garage door in his driveway with x-ray vision and figure out why his motorcycle had betrayed me. Anyway, DC stopped right next to me. If there had been any justice in the world then the bus would have come down the hill at that exact moment so that I could have flung myself in front of it. If I could have been a normal person then I would have managed to stealthily peak at him. As if in slow motion, his head angled into a tilt so that he could look more closely into my eyes. No, I didn't throw myself in front of it. I mean, it blanked my mind of anything else. He put his book-bag down next to him, on the remainder of the brown leather seat that wasn't being occupied because we were so squeezed together, and he just sat there in silence. The bus pulled to a stop in front of the school, behind the others, and the doors swung open but DC didn't make any move to get up. Then he leaned back, reached for his book-bag and slung it around his shoulders in one smooth motion as he put space between the two of us. I thought, if she had a list then she'd probably added me too. I mean, seriously! It was because I couldn't stop thinking of that unbelievably insane encounter that I couldn't focus during Algebra. They picked up the stuff hurriedly, worried about being late for class, and scampered out of the bathroom. So that was it. To be continued. Detailed Summary: After DC told me I fit the qualifications of someone he'd want to murder, I never wanted to speak to him again. Rewrite Notes: This is the first chapter of the rewrite of UCS. Oh! I flinched back at her tone and hugged myself tight. Tricia isn't the bitchy, blonde, stereotype that you read about. Or at least…someone else to get rejected so she wouldn't be a laughing stock anymore. We all glanced over at where Jasper Lion was leaning casually against the bike sheds, rolling himself another cigarette. He's already been suspended twice for attacking teachers, and his well known addiction to pot. I gulped and slowly walked over to Jasper. He's got dark black skinny jeans that stick to his legs like glue, hugging all the right places perfectly (and no, that wasn't supposed to sound dirty). He was wearing an electric blue t-shirt that matched his eyes exactly and his arms were covered in dark wrist bands and jelly bangles. But he was gorgeous, that's for sure. And I hadn't even thought about his hair yet. By this point I was about three meters away from him. he intoned impassively. I stood there speechless. I opened and closed my mouth, trying to find the words. Huh, I said no. Jasper cracked up laughing. I glanced down at myself. I had short auburn-brown hair that hung straight to my shoulders, a heart shaped face and two hazel eyes. Oh no. I trailed off weakly. And he must have had a lot of experience with it because as soon as his lips touched mine I melted. Surprisingly he tasted like coffee and chocolate. Wasn't so bad? We reached Tricia and her friends, who were standing open-mouthed in shock. he grinned mischievously. A/N: This is the third story in a trilogy that starts with To Feel the Sun and continues in So Real. When my twin sister Gracie showed up at my apartment, sobbing incoherently, I simply chalked it up to my dramatic sister being irritating. Gracie fiddled with the hem of her t-shirt. I was about to say something, but my efforts were just a fraction too late. I was quite impressed with Gracie's ability to take a diphthong like  and extend it into four syllables. Gracie just mumbles something incoherent into my shirt. I led her by the hand out of my apartment and we walked into the elevator. We exited the elevator and waved to the doorman as we headed outside. Gracie clung to my shirt. Gracie gave me her vicious glare. I said, though I wasn't entirely sure. I would blame her mood swings on her crazy hormones, but I knew better. I forgot Gracie started going to church with Jonah. I was more surprised that she would consider a man. I smiled in spite of myself. I bit my lip, feeling a bit sheepish. I said. Josh gave me a charming smile. We went through the rest of rehearsal with little to distract us. I hadn't gotten good and drunk in a long time, so it was kind of a freeing experience. I nodded. I stared at Josh, realization flooding through me. I have to admit, this wasn't an unusual occurrence for me. Sleeping with your costars was always awkward. And of course I'd kick myself when I sobered up and remembered making out with Josh. Gracie, who I always kind of felt sorry for since we were kids, was married and going to have a kid, and was doing much better at this life thing than I was. God. I began to understand why Gracie often was distant from me. I frowned. I really could be very stupid sometimes. Author's Note: At the insistence of one of my reviewers, I am adding a warning to this story, beyond the usual Yarr there be gays here. Anyways, there you go. My life was normal for the first nineteen years. I graduated high school with honors, and the first year of college went quickly for me. But that life ended very abruptly two weeks after the beginning of my second year, when I was nineteen. The night that life ended I was going home from my last class, one scheduled later in the evening because of it's obscure topic. A black van driving at normal speed down the road beside me suddenly veered and crashed into my path. It felt like a long time later when I woke up. Panic melting into true hysteria, I curled into a ball against the headboard and clung to myself. The room was so dark even my cat eyes couldn't see very well. Light flared, as if a switch had been thrown to every lamp in the room. The man beside Graden, the dark one, had listened with a rapidly changing expression. The dark one suddenly came over to the bed, right to the far corner I was huddled at. I think I must have fainted, because after that was only darkness blurred with brief moments of sight. Elizabeth peered into the mirror and rubbed the shadowy circles beneath her azure gaze. Lizzy sighed and plunked herself at the kitchen counter. Chewing slowly, Lizzy waited till her mom had turned and quickly spat the offending material from her mouth. Elizabeth laughed lightly. Elizabeth grinned manically as she slid into the passenger seat and flicked the switch for the radio. Elizabeth returned flatly. But it wasn't to be. Apparently, luck had abandoned her today. Liz snickered and shrugged. A girl in front raised her hand and waved eagerly. Beth snorted and threw a miscellaneous item at Ashley's head. The girls of Glenbrook Prep leapt from their seats and screamed with excitement. The intensity and volume of the screams trebled. Liz nearly died from her hysterical giggles. Screams once more erupted from the silence. From the looks on faces of all the girls, the rest of the week was going to be devoted to how to jazz up the uniforms to look sexy. A cascade of groans protested the announcement. Lizzy grimaced, she knew of only one book by Gaskell. A few sniggers were heard in response and Elizabeth nearly moaned from despair. The bell went. Elizabeth patted the elder woman carefully. Eagerly exiting the school, Liz immediately spotted the old lime green bug. Curious eyes turned towards her as Beth laughed. Elizabeth grinned and shot her best friend a wink. Oh and just for clarification, all the titles for the Marquess and the duke are real, however I do not refer to them in any other way than as a use of their titles. Sometimes life takes you down a path you never expected. I was always the kind of girl that didn't believe in fate, destiny, or any of that other nonsense. I wanted to be a weather girl…that's right. It was on that day that I got offered the job that my life changed. I quit my job the day after I got it. The day my mother died, a little piece of me died as well. My brother went back to California two weeks after that disastrous day in our lives. My room looked foreign to me. How have you been? The message was sent over a week ago. I spoke in a rush. I closed my cell phone and stared at the blank wall in front of me. Tracy called me back a few minutes later and explained to me in detail everything that I would be doing. That day will stick in my head for the rest of my life. I blinked and pulled myself back into reality. A male voice said. I gulped down a breath of air when I heard the door open and commotion follow. The one with a faux hawk said. I said in a very professional and perky voice. Luke offered with a beautiful smile. I mumbled. Austin suggested. I had so much running through my head that I could barely form words. I stood staring blankly at the open door. Luke asked gently as his head popped out from behind a curtain. I nodded and took his suggestion very literally. I am in the process of fixing this story up. I mean, don't think I'm some kind of bad-ass criminal on the FBI's Most Wanted list because I've broken every rule I've ever encountered. But I don't make life that adventurous. There's another rule that I followed for my whole entire life – twenty-one years. Okay, that's a lie. And the incidence of too much friendliness did not just involve lips. Actually, we were both pretty somber when It happened. Chris was distraught, of course. He was just sitting at the edge of his bed with his head in his hands. I don't know how long I stood there deciding how I should comfort him. Mistake #2: Wrapped my arms around him – while wearing my perfume. Mistake #3: Let him cry silently into the crook of my neck. Mistake #4: He leaned down and brushed his lips against mine. Mistake #6: Kissed him senseless. I mean, Chris is my best friend. And you know what else? But do you know what my name will be if I marry Chris? Okay, well, it's not official or anything. It happened when I was thirteen. But what no one realized (except for my family) was that her mind was perfectly intact. I never wanted to be near her. But she cursed me. There was a week in my life when Chris and I fought (I kept chattering to him about how Chad Nichols, the school's own Greek god, was flirting with me and how he was probably going to ask me out. I trail off. I take a huge breath. She closes her eyes for a second, processing my rushed explanation, and then opens them, and I'm almost overtaken by the insane anger at her for not giving me her bright azure eyes, leaving me with my dad's dark brown ones instead. I whimper, hoping that she doesn't hate me for the rest of eternity. I open my mouth, ready to say yes, but it just doesn't voice itself. But it was still totally horrible! she asks delicately, afraid of scaring me off. I sigh. she says. As best friends, I'll always have him. I stare at her, startled by my thoughts. I say robotically, ripping my hand from hers and running to my car. I mean, what if he wants to start a relationship? Jane is really nice. I guess it would be okay if Christian goes out with Jane. And you know what else? she says earnestly, perhaps even a little disappointed at him for not waiting until marriage. My mom was right. When I die, which I'll probably be doing alone and unloved, I am so going to strangle her. Even Chris is a little surprised. I can tell that he's waiting for me to say something, but I just can't seem to be able to. he pouts, rubbing at his shoulder. Suddenly anger boils up inside me. All my life, I saw Chris as my best friend. Now things are different. I say fiercely. My anger is waning already. Chris looks at me like I just slapped him across the face and is silent for a heart stopping moment. I do love adventure after all. I got word today that my work is being read in 36 countries! Her father's trembling voice whispered somehow, dancing on the night's winds. This childish wish lasted a decade: a stubborn refusal of all that was true and ordained, until the day fate would cut across worlds, making the choice for her. The world seemed to stop spinning once she'd caught up on her breaths, and her first and fast instinct was to get some kind of bearings, but this chance was cut off. Heather did not need to look to know those words had not come from a human. Heather felt her eyes widen as her body responded, doing the one thing that she could, struggling onto her stomach as both voices cracked into barks of sharp laughter. He was still snapping, complaining, but she did not hear a word. And she did, mind racing with thoughts drowned in terror as her eyes darted anywhere but to what he was doing to her. Again the gag stifled a yelp as Heather was forced onto her back, and her eyes met with dark, narrowed animal ones. The snakelike one asked. He scoffed. What? That had come out muffled too, and he only yelled in response,  She repeated obediently, eyes screwed shut with the pain, but inside Heather swore she would never stoop so low as to call anyone Master. the one who called himself Master scoffed. Master scoffed. The day was gloomy and overcast, but that didn't stop Leila McCarthy from enjoying it. Leila replied bluntly after checking her watch. Leila couldn't help but look up at him, getting her first glance at his appearance. His name echoed through her head for a minute. She protested in return. She felt some one step up behind her. Leila turned back to the line, intent on ignoring him. Their drinks were ready. They began their  with simple small talk. They were talking about their favorite bands, when Leila's cell phone went off. She shut her phone, and looked at Ryan apologetically. Leila spent the next week and a half cursing herself for not getting Ryan's number. She went to the café most days, hoping he would have the same idea. She was sitting down at a table in the café, with her back to the line. Leila was flabbergasted. Ry Ry? Leila's cheeks burned. She just sent him a grin. That stupid smirk does nothing to help his stupid, full lips. Ryan's voice on the message sounded nervous. Leila had to laugh. They had a great time walking to the theater. The two grinned bashfully, and continued their walk in silence. He reached up, and cupped her cheek with his free hand. Time sped by for Leila during her relationship with Ryan. She knew she loved him. It was a Thursday when Ryan asked Leila to get a hot chocolate with her. While Ryan ordered drinks, Leila took the time to study him. By the time that they had finally received their drinks, it was almost 2:30. He walked her through campus. Ryan let go of her hand, fumbling with something in his pocket. Well, what do you think? Stupidest thing I've ever said in my entire seventeen-almost-eighteen years on earth. At that moment, my interest perked. Nathan shot Ren a triumphant grin. Perhaps I should explain why the idea might be funny – or a little funny in my case. In the meantime, my twin brother was tearing up the guitar – acoustic, electric, bass, you name it and he could play it. The record company, in all their infinite wisdom, dubbed me Roxy, deciding to take the Madonna route. Back to Nathan's idea: I hadn't attended school since middle school. She sifted slightly in her seat across from me and leaned forward over the picnic table where we had taken up for. I thought this slightly alarming – and odd. I thought about that question for a moment. I found him perched atop the third table over, a sketchbook on his knees and a pencil twirling effortlessly in his fingers. Lindy had failed to mention the boy's elfin features. This realization sent a sudden flush to my face. Feeling as though her second suggestion would somehow prove more disastrous than the first, I rose stiffly from my seat. He was, I found out as I looked up at him while walking at my turtle's pace. Neither of us made a move – he seemed to be in no hurry to introduce himself, but watched me instead. But wait. This was a particularly bold move for me. The boy in front of my chewed his bottom lip for a moment. I glanced up at him once more before turning my eyes to the sketch. I'm sure he was waiting for that question as well, because he turned his small half smile on me. I was left standing there, feeling flushed and more confused than ever. That night, I found I couldn't sleep. I had returned to Lindy after Conner had left me, and shared my odd experience with her. I wondered about this as I lay in my bed. I pulled the covers up to my chin and forced my eyes shut, trying not to think about it. I suppose I worried myself to sleep, because I woke to the sound of my roommates getting up and stumbling around the room. She made a vague sound of agreement before glancing around. James approached us with a curious look on his freckled face, and stared at me for a moment before turning to Lindy. James muttered. She mock bowed. Though feeling somewhat deflated, I refused to be put off my mission. I scowled at her. Coinercoven Academy was a fairly large old building, with winding staircases and large classrooms with stone walls and odd portraits dotting the walls. As I trudged up the last set of stairs, I suddenly began to worry about what I was going to say to the strange boy. As I reached the top, I realized it was too late to turn around. He peered at me for a moment, chewing his lower lip. I brightened somewhat at his words, feeling a flutter of hope inside me. I wondered if I'd heard wrong. The implication of his words was sudden and stunning. My face turned beet red and I'm sure my eyes were wide as saucers. Janie. Why was she amused? Connor Rafferty. Lindy proclaimed, leaning back on her bunk, which faced mine in the dormitory. I cried, giving her a look of betrayal. As a result, my irritation with the whole situation grew – including my irritation with Connor Rafferty and his stealing of my soul. I was expecting the dormitory halls to be relatively quiet, as it was supper and most the students were in the cafeteria. I realized somewhat vaguely that this boy wasn't acting the way he had the day before when he'd stolen my soul. It was then that realized what I had to do. He certainly hadn't been expecting it, and I saw a flash of honest surprise in his dark eyes the same moment he jerked backwards. There was nothing remotely romantic about it. I broke away quickly, releasing his shoulders and stumbling backwards. A sudden smile curled Connor's lips, and he opened his eyes. His words created a bubbled of confusion in me, and I even looked down at my hands. I stiffened, shocked and frozen, my hands pressed against his chest between us. Feeling my decision, Connor deepened the kiss. I clutched at him as his tongue swiped my lips, teasingly and fleetingly. Connor actually laughed then. Of course, when you live with another twenty-something girl, there are always loads and loads of shoes in the apartment. I would not have noticed a new pair of shoes appearing in said pile, had they been anything like the shoes my roommate usually wore. Then I realized that she must indeed have a guest in her room. I shrugged these thoughts off absentmindedly, and after shoving my own shoes in some distant corner, made my way towards my room. In my room I slumped down on my bed, turned on my television and very much intended to stay there under the covers for a few hours. Those were some cool shoes. When I awoke my neck was sore and my stomach was rumbling with hunger. Well, this was just great. Grabbing my bag of toiletries and rubbing my tired eyes, I exited my room. As I removed my clothes, I silently thanked God that she didn't seem to have a visitor tonight, like she did so many other nights. I quickly contemplated my options. I closed the door behind me as I stepped quietly into the hallway. As his eyes took in my presence – widening at the sight – I let out a small squeak, my hands shooting up to cover my chest, just a little too late. I looked longingly at my door, only a few feet away from us. I muttered, blushing even more and looking down at my crossed arms, still covering my chest. For a moment we stared at each other. He took a few steps back, still facing me, eyes trailing down my body, then slowly back up again. Hello to everyone and anyone who reads this. It was late. The girl groaned as she climbed the stairs. The teacher, a balding man with thin wire glasses and wearing a thick wool sweater, turned his attention to her as she entered the room. Mira sighed as she set her bag down and turned to look at the twins sitting to her right. Indeed, Mira lived with her older cousin, Yasuo in the busy city of Tokyo, Japan. Mira blinked and glanced at the teacher. Mira frowned. The day went by quickly and she was pleased to see she knew all of her teachers. Of course, there had to be someone she disliked and after years of having the luck of escaping Beaumont-sensei it was finally her turn to suffer through her class. The first day of school proved to be exhausting. Throughout the week Mira was able to learn more about her actual teacher. And so two weeks passed without much change and school became the lifeless routine it had always been. However, this morning proved to be different as she was welcomed by a surprising sight when she opened the door. And so they did, and Mira had to admit that it was hard to be bored when the green eyed devil, as she liked to refer to Kane, kept dumping an insurmountable amount of work upon them. The day dragged on for what seemed like weeks and at the end of it was a not so welcoming thought. There were only ten minutes left until Mira could leave and she let out a sigh of relief. After saying that Isaac left, fearing any violent behavior from the other man as a response to his taunts. Skylar hates his life. I press the cigarette to my chapped lips with shaking hands and take a slow steady drag, filling my lungs with burning smoke and my bloodstream with soothing nicotine. The clamor of the other boys around me is calming if only because it's such a familiar scene: the tailgates down, the blasting music, the drunken classmates, eager and ready to see what mischief the night will bring them. I never imagined myself to be a part of this crowd, which I'm not really, I'm only tolerated because of him, but it's been this way since I started high school four months ago. The whole thing is stupid really, just dumb teenager drama over spoken words and haughty attitudes, involving girls and inflated egos; stuff that I could care less about. Blake's bright blue eyes suddenly dart over and connects with mine in a clash of turquoise and hazel. I take another swig of alcohol and take more comfort in the intoxicating liquid than in his warmth; after all it's what keeps me sane. Blake shrugs and looks over at me, both of us knowing the answer to that question, but neither one going to say it aloud. Blake hesitates a moment, watching his friends, but then turns back to me and grabs my wrist. There's an outdoor, single stall bathroom connected to the old building that no one ever uses anymore, and Blake pulls me into the filthy room, then shuts and locks the door behind us. I don't think the senior understands why he wants me so badly and neither do I; he's not gay, he's one of the most popular guys in school, and he's dating Brittany Sterling, the gorgeous head cheerleader on the varsity cheerleading squad. He pulls away from the kiss again and shoves me against the wall even harder, making me grunt in discomfort. I think I had intrigued him more than anything else, with my soft voice and demure attitude; I made Blake want to get to know me for some reason. In reality the senior knows nothing of my world beyond the baggy jacket and blank stare I always hide behind, both covering well hidden scars and healing bruises and wounds I never want anyone else to see. I don't want friends; I don't need friends. At first, his seemingly sincere attitude made me put up my well made shields to protect myself from future heart ache that I knew would come, but the older boy broke down those shields with sweet words and kind gestures, like buying me the thick jacket I now wear that keeps me warmer and more comfortable than the old tattered one I had before; it's the most expensive piece of clothing I have ever owned and I treasure it. I'm sure Blake had felt nervous and idiotic for asking another boy to suck his dick, and I'm sure he had honestly expected me to rebuke his request with disgust, probably prepared to have to threaten me to secrecy unless I wanted the rest of my freshman year to be a living hell. I'm happy to give him what he wants, as long as I get what I need: his control and domination, which I get easily because it's just his nature to be controlling and dominating. Blake realized quickly that I would let him do anything to me, after a particularly harsh slap after an argument that knocked me to the ground and resulted in hardly any reaction from me; he's big, but his hits are nothing compared to what I'm used to. I know Blake is using me, I'm not stupid, but it doesn't matter, I need to be used, to be reminded of my place and kept there by a strong hand, a hand other than the one that holds me down everyday behind closed doors. I gladly obey, quickly unbuttoning and unzipping his jeans to release his bulging cock. Blake will never know why I'm  because it's not something I wish to share with him; it's something that should have never happened in the first place, but continues to happen against my will all the fucking time. I hate him with a passion, he is the bane of my existence. I went so far as to dye my hair black to maybe help him see it wasn't his former wife underneath him in his drunken stupors, but I just ended up pissing him off and getting the shit beat out of me for that too. I started drinking when I was thirteen, giving hand jobs and blow jobs to strangers for the price of a bottle of booze, just so I could find some relief from the chaos of my mind. I wipe the back of my hand across my mouth and try to stand up, only to succeed in losing my balance and falling on my ass. He doesn't really care about me, I know what this relationship is, but it still feels nice to know that someone is at least a little bit concerned about my well being, even if it is just because he feels guilty sometimes about using me. I almost feel sort of bad for the girl, but I kind of like knowing that the perfect prom king and prom queen have a minor flaw in their relationship, that flaw being me. I hate when he asks me about my parents. Blake walks back over to me and gazes down at me, making my knees feel weak with his sultry gaze; I really wish I wasn't so attracted to him. His calm, caring voice soothes me in ways that I can't get from anyone else in my life. Blake walks to the door and glances back at me with a small smile and a wink, then unlocks the lock and jerks the door open to go fight his battle, leaving his male heroine feeling drunk, used, and utterly alone. And there I was, lying on the most uncomfortable hospital bed in the world for the fifth time in only two months. One time, my roommate, Avery, broke a mug on the floor of our kitchen…and left it there because she was late for work. The next trip to the ER was, however, definitely my fault. Trip number 3 can also be considered my fault since after 24 years of being allergic to peanuts I still can't seem to read labels. And now I was lying on an ER bed again because of something that was so not my fault at all. A new doctor walked into the room with a nurse following closely behind him. He walked over to a rolling chair and sat down in it. I said simply. He began moving the pen up, down, left, and right. My head was beginning to feel uncomfortable in its current position, so I decided to move. He stared at me for a moment and my eyes tried desperately to focus on him. I said before he had the chance to escape. I said as my stomach flip-flopped and my breakfast threatened to make its way back up. I said before she exited the room and left me alone. My mind wandered to what my boyfriend was going to say. But Charlie and I had a weird relationship…well maybe not that weird. So I stay with Charlie regardless of being unhappy, and regardless of how many times Avery tells me that I can do better. 48 hours later I was dressed in normal clothes, which Avery had kindly brought to the hospital for me during her many visits. I was still feeling the effects of the concussion, and was informed that I would for perhaps weeks. I said with a smirk and he finally smiled. Then Charlie walked in with a grimace on his otherwise attractive face. Dr. Kelley said from the doorway, appearing from seemingly out of nowhere. And there it is! That's it for now. He just isn't, okay? Who even came up with that, anyway? Carson slowly raises himself to a sitting position in his bed. Well, this is quite the dilemma. Groaning inwardly, Carson realizes what he must do. Besides, sex with Leggy Red Riding Hood isn't really all that mind blowing. After grabbing some plaid boxers and tugging them on, Carson stumbles over to his bathroom and stares at his reflection in the mirror. See, now this is exactly why Carson Jennings, who is most likely more gorgeous than Zeus himself, doesn't have to fall in love. So, really, Carson is doing the female population a favor by not falling in love. Carson jolts suddenly when his cell phone begins to ring shrilly from his kitchen. Especially because the caller has a man's name. Carson always found Joanna to be rather intriguing. Carson had never had a woman punch him before (except for his sister and his mom, but they hardly count as women since he'll never sleep with them, no matter what Freud and his Oedipus complex say). Okay, so that was a total lie. After jotting down Joey's address onto a napkin, Carson ends the call and dresses quickly. I went out (obviously) to help one of my friends. Carson folds the note in half and lays it onto the pillow he had been occupying earlier this morning. Yeah, he'll definitely have to send her an invoice for the water damages. Cats are just so sneaky. When Carson leans down to pick up Bartolomeu, the cat just kind of collapses in his arms. Carson shifts Barty in his arms so he's cradling the lethargic kitten like a baby. Due to Carson's severe inexperience with animals, he has no idea what cats do before they die. Carson says in a voice not unlike James Bond's. As Carson speeds (well, he's only going forty-three miles an hour, which really isn't speeding that badly. (See, now why can't Carson's eyes be mesmerizing? Carson's heart starts to slam against his ribs again, and his throat goes dry. Maybe he's a quarter of the way in love with her. Interest. At this point, Carson's heart is hammering again, which is making him a tad suspicious. But he's still going to see a cardiologist. Wait, he didn't mean that. Joey's touch is sending little electrical shocks through Carson's body, up through his arms, and straight to his brain, frying all the neurons and screwing up the delicate web of chemical processes. But back to the point. Maybe, Carson reasons as she continues to blot at the several scratches on his forearms, Joey is a practicing Wiccan, and she's performing voodoo rituals to make him fall in love with her. Carson resists the urge to put his arm around her, and not just because he might stain her pretty yellow shirt with his blood. Carson gives an uneasy laugh and scratches the back of his neck, feeling a little warm and uncomfortable. Not Carson Jenning's wife though. Carson shifts around a bit more, feeling awkward. Besides, Carson thinks he's earned himself a free meal. Because really, why does Joey think he's hanging around? All right, all right, he takes everything back. Like that time in kindergarten, when he was too afraid to ask the teacher to go to the bathroom because he didn't know where it was, so he proceeded to pee in his pants, hoping no one would notice. Then there was that other time, right before he started sixth grade. And then in the summer before his senior year of high school, he went to visit his grandmother who lived in a little private community dedicated to the elderly. And now, Carson truly despises himself. Carson didn't really know what to do. So that's why Carson hates himself. Like Carson said earlier, Carson Jennings doesn't fall in love, and especially not with women who are practicing Wiccans. And that's only because she's a practicing Wiccan, so . Barty is sleeping in the middle of her queen sized bed, stirring slightly as they walk in. Okay. Carson is about to point out that she didn't deny that she masturbates some of the time when something inside him just changes. Carson really doesn't have the time or patience to figure it out, so instead he reaches out for her face with both hands and kisses her. Especially because things are getting pretty hot and heavy. Carson asks, sounding defensive. So, okay, maybe Carson Jennings is the kind of guy who falls in love. Just saying. This was a small change from what I usually write. CARNIVAL HIGHBy Le MegHe'd only been at the carnival for twenty minutes when he first saw her, laughing with her friends as they stood in line for one of three fun houses. She wore a tan bomber jacket against the autumn chill, and her hair was just a shade darker, parted a little to the side. He saw her for a second time at the pirate ship not an hour later. Their eyes met briefly, but it wasn't a moment he was willing to waste. The third time he saw her, he heard her not just laugh but speak. They'd stopped for food. he replied, her presence making him feel pleasantly warm. She laughed. They met again at the bumper cars where they tailed each other relentlessly for two rounds. The guys visited the Zipper next, and saved the fun house as a safe ride for after. When they emerged from the fun house, having thoroughly beaten each other up in the boxing bag area, he caught sight of her and a couple of her girlfriends climbing the last few steps on the giant fun slide right next door and paused at the end, hands in his jacket pockets as he watched. But he never got to see that glorious hour. Finn couldn't be bothered to yell. Her friends were yelling—he could see that. Cars started honking all around them—once the first started, the others joined in. Somebody pulled him back in. But he did see her again—at the next light. ROSE! WON'T LET ME THROUGH! here. Ok! wonder if it was teleportation. how the hell he can do it. DAMMIT! oooooooooooooo? I going? black lamp, black ceiling, black EVERYTHING! of color! crap? you can't open it. Yep. sexy? pay for that, I am. this time hard enough to make me fall. he's like. going. clothes. trust me, if you don't do as your told. Another speech… Like I care. school. sexy! SAID? sure it was… no, that was a year ago. it. floor. So. see. WHAT, I already have the story written! Good morning all! I'd also like to say a big thanks to the amazing Keita01 who I've given my first autograph to. I'll be updating once a week on a Monday as is the norm so you'll see what comes next then. The night air was cool against Kieron's damp skin, a fact he was eternally grateful for from his crouched position on the forest floor. Naked as the day he was born and feeling as weak as any newborn, Kieron stumbled away from where he'd woken and went in search of his clothes. Uncaring, Kieron continued walking, all too aware of the rising sun. Despite the darkness Kieron knew exactly where he was and where it was he needed to go. Calm, he said to himself as he continued walking. Maybe I just need some sleep. The woods around him were familiar now and he rushed to the hollow stump where his clothes were hidden. Running a large hand over his face, Kieron cursed. The faint sound of branches breaking forced Kieron to pay attention to his surroundings. The shirt held tight in its jaws a hyena trotted eagerly towards Kieron who bent down, quickly reclaiming his shirt. Swirling white mist filled the air, obscuring Estraya's vision and with each step she took serving only to take her further into its depths, frustration quickly welled within her. The terrain beneath her feet was unfamiliar but that was to be expected, she had spent most of her life in the searing heat of deserts. No! The clouds overhead parted allowing faint glimmers of moonlight to shine on the world below a fact Estraya would be eternally grateful for. The fall wouldn't have killed me, she decided. Arms outstretched, Estraya leapt from the branch. Her fingertips grazed the solid bark of the tree and though she tried to curl her fingers and hold on, she had missed by too far a margin and began plummeting towards the earth. Estraya hit the ground with a resounding thud and she couldn't help the muted cry that spilled from her lips. Her heart began to race again when the voices of Amir's guards floated through the air now much closer than they had been before. The deep rumbling voice came from overhead and her heart automatically went into overdrive. As his words sunk in Estraya's racing heart calmed. Thoughts anyone? For The WinI bite into my sandwich, looking out into the school yard; bored. Swallowing my mouthful of egg salad sandwich I spot something sitting beneath the bench – someone's left their book there accidentally. Plucking the book from underneath the bench I set it on top of my lap and look where the owner has neatly scrawled Clark Coverdale before letting out a gasp. I run my fingers over his name, as if that'll make it seem more real to me. Typically the way to avoid a girl is to stay as far away from her as possible, not enrol in her school, take her classes and sit on her benches, studying – philosophy? Philosophy is all conceptual; it's the complete opposite of what he used to be into. Maybe it is a different person, only with the same name. I look up and then up – my jaw drops as I take in the person before me in all his black headed, hazel eyed glory; the boy grew up, that's for sure, and not just in height. I mean okay, okay I get it – if he's being cold with me it's like it's not deserved. He takes the book from my hands and turns, starting to walk away; my hand is tingling from where his brushed mine, and I feel like if I don't get him to talk to me now that we'll never get a chance to talk – and I need to talk. But I've had enough with pondering about them, thinking about what could've been – it makes me feel stupid, living in the past like that. It takes him a moment or so to decide, and when he comes and sits his long, lanky bod down next to mine he's scowling; he's not very happy about the turn of events. I wince, laughing a little under my breath. Swallowing and turning my eyes to him I am determined to keep up the conversation. I blink as he stares into space; oh my God is he even listening to me? I say, tentatively, not bothering to pretend I don't know what he's talking about when I know exactly what. He turns his eyes to me, smirking again. I thought it before and I'm thinking it again; what a prick. Biting down on my lip I get up from my chair, swallowing insults on the tip of my tongue and following after him as he walks off – I'm not giving up, that's just what he's trying to make me do by agitating me like this. It's not too hard to catch up to him, because even though he's definitely shot up in the height department I've never exactly been short. His response is almost instantaneous, and he turns and grabs me by the shoulders, his face right in mine and his fingers digging into my shoulders. Feeling myself forgetting any further apologies I've dreamed up beforehand my cheeks start to burn, and not with embarrassment either; but with rage. I smirk at him triumphantly; I've finally broken through his façade and underneath that literature and philosophy loving, freckle-less exterior – he's still the same Clark, the one who I ranted and raved with about new video games coming out and who upon purchasing said game would play it to the death with me…even though I had a tendency to beat him every time at clocking levels, fighting evil and/or vs. Because that's what I do want, still; despite everything he's said and done so far to scare me away. He doesn't answer; but I feel a genuine smile form on my lips anyway – it's not over till the fat lady sings, and as far as I know Hogwarts isn't anywhere near my school. Taking an irritated suck out of my mochaccino (coffee for concentration, chocolate because it's fantastic) I flip onto the next page of my homework to see if any of the answers on that page are any easier. Now I know what you're thinking; how can a high school girl afford a sweet ride like that? Blinking, I look up to see my friend Charlotte grinning down at me, diet coke in hand. Not being able to withhold the chuckle that burbles up my throat I watch as he clutches his elbow, cursing to himself and averting my eyes. Clark mouths biaatch childishly before realising the cup he's filling is overflowing, dripping all onto the counter top and down the side. My heart skips as I watch him over her shoulder though, mopping up his mess; I wrinkle my nose – stupid, pathetic emotions. His words and his tone say he doesn't care; but his eyes say he does. After snickering at his ever so witty parting comment he walks off on me, with the false pretence that he's won when in reality he's just ended up sounding like a douche. Clark wants to know, as he sits himself down next to where Pearce previously vacated. Pressing my lips together I feel a sudden rush of frustration bubble up inside of me; I'm acting like a total wimp again, and I'm not a total wimp. Taking a deep breath I turn my head to see if he's having as much difficulty as I am coming up with something to say – only to have our eyes lock, causing me to fall speechless again. Clark immediately snaps out of it, much to my disappointment, and gets up out of his chair; speed walking out of the library before I can stop him. I slap a hand to my forehead, repeatedly. My pony tail bounces, swinging from side to side as I swagger with confidence out into the school yard. What do I want? His eyebrows furrow at my words and he bites his lip, contemplating; wondering how to respond. He says suddenly and cups my face with a hand, tilting it back up so my eyes are looking right into his once more; I involuntarily lean into his hand. I open my eyes, face flaring red, and glare at him. Holding a hand over my gaping mouth I look around the yard; everyone is staring at us, and he's only getting louder and louder every word he speaks. I want to look away from him but I can't; he's telling the truth – after all these years I'm still making the same mistakes. I press my lips together at the thought of him being with someone else and look down at my feet, blinking furiously and starting to feel a little frustrated. I look him in the eyes, trying to keep my expression neutral. I lie and the muscles in his jaw set, eyes turning to slits; he looks about to blow up at me. My eyes drop to his lips, and before I can stop myself – I'm stepping up on my tip toes and pressing my mouth to the scowl that's spreading across his face, pecking him hesitantly. That is until my friends start wolf whistling from their spot next to the library. Clark smirks at me, mock-punching me in the shoulder. I think this is somehow unfinished. cigarettes. notices you missing"? know," I muttered. he'll do it again. First of all - hi everybody! Okay, so for those who aren't familiar with my previous work - this is book 2 of the Millennium Wolves series I'm working on. ALSO! SO - this story is a spin-off, you can say. ANOTHER THING IS - the time of the story jumps in some chapter either from place to another place, or even to another era, so please pay attention to the dates and places in the beginning of each chapter, if there is one. LAST BUT NOT LEAST - I don't have time to edit, simple as that. PHEW! Another sound invaded the quiet while the bells began to diminish. Killian Darrow was nothing if not a charming son of a bitch, but no one should underestimate him; he might be a pretty boy, but he had a mind sharper than a scalp, held ruthlessness within that he mostly concealed, but let pop out here and there. I glanced down at my black hiking pants, black cape on top of black, baggy tee, black hiking boots, and black scarf and gloves, and knew he was right. While he was my ward, and I was responsible for him in every way that mattered, Killian didn't seem to comprehend that our relationship was always short-termed. He tensed his grip of me, but after a few silent minutes he sighed in defeat and stepped back. Heart echoing a small indication of guilt, I nodded in confirmation. Smiling a big, accomplished smile, which turned him into the little golden boy I'd raised, he took a seat on the bench I'd deserted. A family tree, but not just a family tree. I murmured, eyes wide as I followed the lines the connected the people in this family together. But the family tree paused with two names I knew all too well. That was also true. That was why I hated royalty, modernized or otherwise. That would've been correct if I'd been any other guardian and he was any other ward. He made a face, looking so young and innocent even though I knew otherwise. And yet, even knowing, he wished it wasn't like that. I would not disappoint you, Solomon, I thought with grim determination as I walked through the wet asphalt . UPDATE- This is going to be rather light-hearted, despite some of the subject matter. Rebekah smirked. She cursed her glowing cheeks but wasn't surprised that he'd seemed to have mistaken her, a sixteen year old High School Junior, for an adult. Not that she couldn't have a date if she'd wanted one. Heck, she hadn't planned on coming tonight, anyway, but going to the dance. Little girl, huh? he said. She'd gouge her eyes out before she'd find herself mesmerized by his goody-goody lectures and the muscles that sometimes stressed his dress shirts. Everything since then, though – everything that's happened in the last two years – oh yeah, I remember that. Cheerful way to start this, isn't it? I know one thing, though, and that's the fact that I'm a muse. I hope to god you know what a muse is, because if not… Look, it's called dictionary dot com, alright? Only I'm a guy – and quite proud to be one. In short, I inspire my master predominantly through the means of music; however I have managed to pluck an idea or two from things like socks and dreams about Wal-Mart over the years, as well. My job sucks, I'm not going to lie. Boo-freaking-hoo. Anyways… My master figures that we muses are like computers. Imagine that for a second, would ya? She's been reminding me ever since how lucky I was that she happened to wander by when she did, because if it weren't for her, then I'd  – which she tells me is close enough to the truth as things are. In any case, I lived with her and her family for a time mostly because I had no other choice, and hell, let's face it, where would I go? I don't think her parents really loved the idea, having a complete stranger in the house, but they agreed. I had to leave. Yeah, I know what you're thinking. Let me tell you: when I first laid eyes on even the iron gate in the brick wall surrounding the property, I knew my eyes were going to jump out of my head when I finally saw the house. I met Julian first, being as he was the one who answered the door, and my first impression of this blonde Englishman was:  Yeah, yeah, so I'm a little judgmental sometimes. Potatoe was there hiding behind his legs the entire time he was catching up with Morgan and introducing me to the house and all that. I met Artemis next, and Julian had to bring me up to her dark, dingy hole-in-the-wall that she calls a room and practically drag her away from the numerous computers piled on the counter lining one wall of her bedroom before she would even look at me. Sure, she was thin as a rake in addition to being flat as a board and there was no push-up bra in the world that would have changed that fact, but her attitude and eccentric, impish nature made up for what she lacked in  Piercings littered her face, marking her nose, both of her eyebrows, her lips, one of her cheeks, and her ears alone, hands down, would have given any airport security guard one hell of a time. Then again, back in those days, I think she hated everyone's guts except… well… the only other three people in the Manor. Well, the complete opposite, really. The big moment was coming up. And the way he eye-balled me with those white-green eyes of his creeped the ever-loving shit out of me, let me tell you. That was when I was airily told that Rori was a vampire. Imagine that, though – an immensely successful businessman who just so happened to be one of the bloodsucking undead. Julian: the lover of the Master of the Manor, as well as the perpetually smiling and mild-mannered schizophrenic Mad Hatter/Incubus – Cambion, technically, seeing as he's only half incubus – who can suck souls out of the living and use them as fuel to elongate his own life. Artemis: the German hacker/freelance thief who appeared out of nowhere with a recorded history of thefts and other misdemeanors longer than my friggin' arm. Potatoe: the young girl whom Rori and Julian adopted from the streets and saved from an almost certain death; she has a mental disability as well that slows the process at which she ages in her mind. And then… There was Rori. To start, let me tell you something about this particular vampire. Christ. What I realized then was that attempting to resist a vampire – especially one as old as Rori – is futile, a waste of energy when you could be using that strength to hold back tears, to prevent your cries from being heard… to feebly ignore the pain. That was the first time it happened, and no one knew. Time passed and there was no next time, as I'd been expecting. I've been taken against my will more times than I care to count. He told me once during one of these covert encounters that he didn't want to hurt me, he didn't want me to be afraid that he would – get this – abuse me, all very gently with a delicate kiss on the cheek afterwards. Things would be different if I could just blindly accept them as they were. I don't know. My name is Jason Vaughn Riley, I'm eighteen years old, and I am a muse. They stopped at an intersection, waiting by the pedestrian lane along with the other commuters. Makoto reached out his hand, ready to attack. That piqued Akemi's interest. The photograph seemed taken by paparazzi, showing a dark-haired man with light brown eyes. Takeshi simply smirked as his cousin left the room. She nodded, walking towards the elevators at the other end of the lobby to head for basement parking. He walked across the lobby to head to the elevators, paying no heed to the stares and whispers following him. Takeshi stepped inside the elevator. Fantastic. I sighed. Nervous, I twirled a strand of my auburn hair around one of my fingers and started to play with it. And then I looked at her only in time to see her smirk. This was my family's fault, really. I looked up at Caroline, arms folded and the expression of a murderous dictator on her face. The place was packed. I had already kissed three guys (two of which Caroline had spotted) and managed to make one of them the run away. I squeaked. I frowned. I said. I jumped back as fast as I could. I heard Caroline's mocking tone to my left. She shrugged and pointed in another direction. He looked quite offended. We started walking again. And with that she left me. he asked, stuffing his hands in his pockets. I smiled. I glared at him, dumbfounded. I frowned. We started walking around the food court trying to choose what we wanted to eat. N/A: Hello, doodles! What did you think of it? Kyra gasped for breath as another kick landed perfectly on her left side. The man in charge spoke softly but menacingly. She had almost no fight left in her. She thought it was a joke, but now she could see they were very serious. Kyra screamed for all she was worth as the men came toward her. Kyra woke to filtered voices. Suddenly, she felt light as her body lifted into the air. Kyra woke up sometime later and tried to open her eyes, but was unable to. Sometime later she heard a twig snap and she yearned to turn her head and open her eyes. Trey looked at the woman's motionless body. He tasted salt and noticed she was crying. It will be all right now. Trey explained, his wolf pacing back and forth inside his head. The girl was still sleeping, the change having already wracked her body. Kyra woke to her body feeling perfectly fine. Kyra jerked her head to the voice and stared at the male sitting across from her. she threw question after question at him, her voice sounding panicked even to her own ears. Kyra sniffed and tried to stop crying. Kyra said, not willing to back down. Trey asked, gauging her reaction. So I started this story 2 years ago and I've been kind of on and off with updating it. But I've been thinking and thinking about this story for a year now and as demanding as it is to get a chapter up each week, I can't bring myself to put an end to this story. It was official. Today marked the start of my senior year of high school. Kathryn had been pleading with her parents all of last year to get her a new car. Her parents saw her working, talked it over and just like that they made her a deal. Even though it was highly unlike me, I was seriously considering ditching the first day. To me, however, it would be like the start of every other dreaded school year. Of course, it was easier for her to have a brighter outlook on today. I, on the other hand, had received the short end of the stick; everything about my appearance, or my life for that matter, could be marked as plain, simple and average. A chuckle rose in her throat before her alert amber eyes rushed to meet mine. I groaned as soon as we rolled into the school parking lot. She emitted a small chuckle before stepping out of the car. I wouldn't consider Dawn and I close friends. I, on the other hand, wasn't much of a gossiper myself. Dawn's green eyes connected with mine and she flashed me a brief smile. She gestured ahead of us and we both snapped our attention to a black car that'd just pulled up into the parking space straight across from us. I had to admit, though, that they were kind of good looking. Usually those types repulsed me; there was nothing more annoying than a guy who thought he was God's greatest gift to mankind. I denied, my eyes lingering on the guy for a moment longer than they should have. Kathryn's voice jolted me out of my thoughts once more. I flung her hands away stubbornly. I said as I swung the front door to the school open for her, motioning her inside. Her eyes rolled over as she pondered over the question. I thought about it for a moment. (A/N: Just so you know, I am not English, nor American, therefore, my mother language is not English and it is Portuguese, a language completely different from English, so please, forgive me about some really bad (and stupid) mistakes that may appear in this chapter and/or in the next ones. A brunette girl sat inside her black car, parked right in front of a house. For the first time ever, Samantha was going to the same school her brother, Aaron, since hers has closed due to some unknown reasons. Samantha asked as she started the car. Her hair was also waved, almost curly, but unlike Samantha's, it was black and it was longer. A blond boy sat on some couches between the bar and the entrance of the club called Extreme. Matt had the same height than Dave, but a less built body. He winked his green eye towards Matt and laughed. Her long dark brown hair fell over her shoulders and down her back and her green eyes seemed to be gazing at the dance floor. Dave was still looking at the girl. But that meant nothing to him. Kalli said. Luke was different tonight. She kissed his nose and then, leaned her heard on his chest. Free time that Samantha also wanted to spend with her best friend. She didn't even smile. Samantha arrived at the bar and asked for the two beers and some weird drink she drank the last time she had come to the Extreme. As she waited for the beers, Samantha turned around and looked at the people dancing. She opened her eyes immediately and turned her head. All of a sudden, the barman yelled something and Samantha saw her drink on his hands. His smile didn't vanish. He said nothing, but winked his eye towards her. When she arrived at the couches where she was before, Luke and Kalli were trading some humid kisses. She laughed as she said that. There was Luke's jealousy again. Samantha started drinking at the same time she sat down and listened to Luke and Kalli's little fight. Moments later, they both had vanished onto the dance floor. She reached the dance floor and people already started pushing her. As another track started, Samantha started dancing. But, after some time dancing, she felt a hand on her arm. A second later, another track started. He lowered his head a bit and their noses almost touched,  And he didn't insist. That was exactly what she did. Dave suddenly asked when he lowered his head and Samantha felt his breath on her neck and ear. Samantha gazed at him, almost lost in that intense green. Suddenly, she felt Dave kissing her neck, as he squeezed her against his body. She tried to stop, but her heart kept telling her to keep dancing… kept telling her to be where she was. Suddenly, Samantha felt something vibrating on her skirt's pocket. Samantha looked at her cell and saw it was already 3AM. Her sense came back. She turned around and felt people pushing her now that another track had started. That was enough for him to let go of her with a smile. Well, I really don't have anything to say, I really hope you guys enjoyed this first chapter and please, please, let me know what you guys think. My mom used to tell me that if I was patient and wise, the right man for me would come waltzing into my life and sweep me off my feet. Take Jennica Lauper, for example. At the moment, I have heard the rumblings of new neighbors moving in; a family of three – and there's a boy my age. The boy I remember is a pimply-faced thing with mousy blah hair and a tick in which he sucks the mucus out of his nose through his throat every fifteen seconds. My sexy, ravishing lover now a mere flicker, I mutter to my mother that I'm going to the park and head out the door. Three or four years ago Thaddeus and I met on the stairs of this very apartment building, I with my Jane Austen, him with his guitar. Before he's pegged as 'the one' let me just say that Thaddeus is not at all a cliché. Thaddeus is possibly the only person who knows about my quest for the cliché – or as he likes to call it: the quest for quiche. I roll my eyes. The park is a tiny thing, maybe as big as a housing lot, and located between two other apartment buildings. I think the best possible cliché would be the nerdy boy becoming my lab partner and, with a little help and encouragement from me, of course, he would transform into a very sexy nerd. I myself, if stereotyped, am 'the girl next door' type. The next morning I find myself at my locker before the morning rush of classes. Marcus is the captain of the football team, tall, dark, handsome. In fact, I'm fairly certain that if we had any classes together where there was a need for a class project, and we'd been paired together, he would fall head-over-cleats. At lunch I find myself outside with Dayle, my best friend. Instead he'd pulled me aside one lunch time, and just as I was leaning in for that deep and lasting kiss that would be forever etched in my memory, he'd pulled away from me, taken a deep breath and said,  Not the most romantic line ever coined in existence. You would think that instead of being my boyfriend, the least the kid could do was become my match maker, but no. I make a face of utter disgust. I pluck some grass and let it run through my fingers observing the students milling around me. Tim glances over at me briefly before chuckling at something Thaddeus says. During the last class of the day – History – I zone out thinking of some other way to bring around my cliché. I glare at Thaddeus, who usually sits at the back of the classroom, but today has decided on the middle. I huff and throw a pencil at him, aiming for his eye but coming nowhere near close. Two minutes later a wadded ball of paper hits my head. I plod home wishing I knew what cliché was going to happen to me so I could anticipate it. I watch her in mild fascination. The sun is setting by the time I trudge downstairs to the front entrance of the apartment building. At his words I get an idea. He starts to leave but stops and turns around again, facing my irritated face. Without further ado he kisses me. A/N: Reading too many story summaries that were easily stereotypical, as is this. Note: Welcome to my story. It was the middle of winter and the threat of snow had finally stopped being a threat and was real. Emma had just turned 13 and this was the first time in her life that she had seen so much snow in England. Her mother's voice was light and airy as usual, her green eyes shining brightly as she pushed the door fully open and walked into the room. Striking deals was her mother's way for getting things done around the house. Emma couldn't help the fake growl she made as her mother left, ruffling up her hair in protest to what her mother had said. Emma sighed slightly as she turned the handle to the back door and pushed the door open. Looking around herself, Emma sighed low before wrapping her arms around her middle and walking down the steps which lead into her back garden. Heading around the side of the house, Emma stopped for a moment to look down on the village below. Taking large steps, Emma tried to make her foot-steps as visible as possible in the snow, knowing they would be her only sign back up to the house again. The village was completely quiet when Emma finally reached it, half an hour after setting off from her house. The village shop sat on the corner of the high street and was the smallest building you could possibly build a shop in. Ms Bakes said in her rough voice as she saw Emma out of the corner of her eye. The woman paused for a moment as if she was going to wait for Emma to reply, but didn't. Emma couldn't help rolling her eyes as she had listened to Ms Bakes story. She hadn't wanted to ask the question, but the words had tumbled out of Emma's mouth before she was able to stop them. Sighing to herself, Emma walked around the shop. Grabbing the bags off of the counter, Emma said a quiet 'Thank you' before hurrying out of the shop and back out into the cold winter air. A large animal was stood facing her house, standing out against the white snow all around it. The creature turned it's head to the side in order to look back onto Emma. Seconds ticked by and the creature slowly started to pad towards Emma. A low growled tumbled out of the creature's mouth as it neared Emma's feet. Emma could only watch as the animal moved closer, heard it sniff the ground a couple of times before it inched towards her. Up close Emma was able to get a good look at the creature. She could only watch as the creature once again padded towards her and sniffed at her shoes. Emma finally found her voice again after what seemed to be an eternity and she slowly started to lower herself down to the ground. Emma laughed lightly to herself as she ran her hand over the dog's muzzle. She didn't know what she was going to do when she got into the house but Emma's heart was telling her that this dog was special and not to be left outside. Emma put on her best whiny 'Please let me keep it' voice as she reached down to stroke the dog's head. Growling, Emma's mother walked out of the room and off into the house, leaving Emma alone with the dog in the kitchen. Pulling herself off of the floor, Emma found a towel which didn't seem that dirty in the laundry basket and set herself back down by the dog. She said quietly as she scratched the top of it's head. The dog was no longer in the kitchen and suddenly Emma felt herself panicking. Emma said to herself. Emma heard the living room clock chime twice before the sound of foot steps heading towards the kitchen came to her ears. She nearly screamed the words as she hugged her mother, before letting go and bounding over to the dog. Sitting up, Emma smiled at her mother before looking at the dog. Emma asked as she watched her mother shovel a spoon full of peas into her mouth for the second time. Emma's mother spoke with a slight smile on her face. Emma looked from her mother to the dog for a moment, before her eyes travelled up to the ceiling and she put her thinking face on. Turning her head down to the dog, Emma smiled lightly as she studied him. He laughed. know. halfway down the hall. was driven. breath. voice strange. voice rose slightly. amused. let's do something. Dawes? rolling my eyes. eyes. The sound of his fist colliding with a jaw echoed against the wall he had the boy pinned to and through the deserted hallway of their school. That laughter was from Madden's friends. There was a moment of silence as Madden and his friends surveyed the heap in front of them. Madden turned back and without warning he threw a kick at the boy's stomach. Madden nodded his agreement. a red head asked. Jude shrugged, reaching into his pocket for a pack of cigarettes. Keiran stepped nimbly towards the boy they had been beating on, grabbing the boy's shirt again lifting him to his legs. he said in more of a commanding voice than necessary. if I opened my locker. getting better and better and. Joe McKinley – a. Damn. West said in the sour voice. They were at Joe's house, in the backyard. With a laugh, her hands shot out, shoving him into the pool. Joe watched as he settled down, closed his eyes. Joe went back into his book, was just getting to the heartbreaking chapter of Marley's demise when he sensed movement behind him. He hurriedly swam out of the way while, on the count of three, they threw West in as well. he growled, shoving his way to the pool edge. West was, to say the least, not amused. West dropped his head back, let loose a string of the foulest words he knew. West growled, fisting his shirt in one hand and pulling it off. West shot back. He paused when he saw Devin standing in the patio doors. So saying, Devin strode to the deck chair where his belongings had been carelessly tossed and picked them up. Well I got into a mood where I just have to write something new so I wanted write something I've wrote before. I pull the lawnmower in the direction of the garage, the heavy machine gradually taking it's toll on me. I shouldn't have to clean up the room anyway, it's not just mine. That little. It's beyond me how he gets away with stuff. I stalk to the garage, where I pull the mower to a corner and head into the house. Use to really bother me having the top bunk since my brother could be such a prankster when we were younger. I clean all the trash under the bed, ignoring Angel's stash of porn. It's Angel's fault that this place is such a pigsty, not mine. I see through his b. And just so it's clear, we can't do what Mary-kate and Ashley did in It Takes Two or any of that twin switching. As for taste in music it's strangely alike. My brother smokes and drinks, drinks more than smokes, but to me those habits are still bad. Chase glances to me before busting out laughing, Angel doing the same. I am not feminine so I wish they would stop with the lame jokes. I put aside my peeler and walk up to Angel, snatching the cigarette out his mouth and tossing it into the trash. He works in silence, Chase just watching on, a hint of a grin on his face. I stop when we get to the stairs staring at the two of them. Well. Sounds perfect to the untrained ear but I know better than not to specify all my demands. I go to the laundry room, Angel and Chase following anxiously awaiting my answer. To make it official we shake on it then he shockingly get started on the laundry. Mom throws her briefcase onto one of the chairs in the dining room before joining dad at the bar, tired clearly written on her. It's not an easy subject, and rarely does it ever come up in conversation in this house but three years ago mom was pregnant. The conversation continues, with Angel spreading more lies about this movie thing. After dinner, mom and dad go to their room, already calling it a night, while Angel and I wash the dishes, Chase in the living room watching t. I groan into my hands, cursing under my breath for even agreeing to this. Oh god no! Angel loves to bully me, making me go through this pointless torture that only he sees as funny. There's a wet sound which can only mean. He wipes his eyes, smirking. I look at the two face up cards, which is an Ace and a five then scan my hand, putting on my best uncertain face. Mom and Dad went to work hours ago and thanks to stupid Angel, who invited over half his friends, our house is a mess. Angel is obviously trying to get me to fold, he knows I'm a cautious player, especially when I don't have enough chips but I don't want to clean up his mess. He draws another card and puts it next to the ace and five, this one another five. He snorts then pushes forward all his chips, then with a long hesitation draws another card and lays it next to the five and ace. Sure enough there's the three aces staring me down, screaming that once again Angel has beaten me. He lets my wrists go and I at once hit him again, not caring anymore that the place is dirty still. Mom and dad go to their room, nothing further needing to be discussed. That's why Angel and I don't get along. I finish the kitchen then go up stairs, get my pajamas out of the dresser and in the bathroom I go. I grab my puff and body wash, getting to scrubbing myself, ignoring Angel's rants. Ugghhh! I scream throwing the body wash at the door. He cusses even with mom and dad home. Uggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh! TO BE CONTINUED. A Good Idea at the TimeSummary: He had spent almost every day of the last two years with his assistant and not once had he ever seen her dressed the way she was at that very moment. Dallas Moretti gave his assistant of two years a very thorough once-over. She rolled her eyes. Dallas's mouth formed a slight smile as he remembered that night. That's it. He practically fell off the bed. Before he could stop himself, Dallas was across the room, blocking her exit. she asked. He felt her respond, so he deepened the kiss, pulling her body flush against his, wrapping his arms around her, and lifting her off of the ground slightly. The pounding woke him up. she said in a warning tone. Dallas lowered his head in defeat. They stared at each other for a long time. Nora elbowed him in the ribs. kidding me? he's MAX! Being at her age, it shocked everyone that she'd not gone to any more than three dates for her entire life excluding the one boyfriend she ever had. The receptionist smiled and nodded. Esper waited patiently and fought against time as she tried to compose herself. And let the game begin. AN: This is rated 'M' for language and suggestive scenes especially in Vol II. He glanced to his right, and his gaze caught the glinting of the small handgun's barrel. The tense man had set the gun calmly in his own lap and leveled endless grey eyes on the recent high-school graduate—yes, it'd taken Tyne an extra year-and-a-half of night-school. Tyne had swallowed hard and found himself obeying, despite the drive to do anything but. Reaching for the gun was as out-of-the-question as slowing down or hitting something. Now, some six hours later, Tyne found himself still driving east on the empty highway as tiny dots of white fluff swirled over the road and up around his windshield. To add insult to injury, his little 'joyride' forced him to stand up Ponnele on their first date. Tyne shook himself and returned his eyes to the road, reminding himself that he didn't care whether this threatening stranger was in pain or not. He bit his lip and blessed whatever guiding entity had a hand in his life. Damn. Tyne breathed a sigh of relief and stepped on the brake pedal. The cop remained motionless, and Tyne thought he was going crazy, since his flashlight-blinded eyes couldn't detect the officer's expression. Tyne stared after his would-be savior in his rearview mirror as his lungs refused to function. Tyne scowled and hunkered down, crossing his arms against the chill that crept through the car since the engine was off and the blowers silent. Tyne glanced up from where he felt himself nodding off. Tyne glanced around. His assailant leaned over the sink, gripping both sides, and vomited without a sound. What do you care? But he didn't wait. Tyne didn't even give himself time to drop his jaw in disbelief and horror at the confirmation of his fears. Tyne staggered towards his car and jerked at the door handle. The man fell against the side of the building and lifted burning eyes to lock them on Tyne's face. Three miles up the road, he reminded himself as he half-ran, half-slipped away from the gas station. Tyne floundered in the snow as he fell into a hole hidden by the drifts. Still, the darkness and the cold ate at him, sapping his strength and gnawing at his sanity. It didn't take long before he couldn't even feel the cold anymore. Tyne had no idea how long he hung in that empty darkness, but at length, slowly at first, and then gaining in both speed and intensity, an intense heat drove through the shadows he hid within. Tyne felt his muscles and skin shaking as well as the burning sensation of fiery skin against his back and wrapped around his shoulders and his arms, which crossed over his chest. Burning breaths played over his ear as the hold on his chest constricted. The sound of an approaching horse made Glen turn to see a rider in travel-worn clothes cantering towards the manor hours. the man replied. All the way from England to deliver a letter? Claribel. Glen folded the letter and stuffed it into his shirt pocket. Hours later, Pascale Carlisle found her son brooding on the shore of the Saint Laurent, next to his father's gravestone. He turned his head to rest it against her. Glen clenched his eyes. Yes. He looked up at his mother. Glen chuckled and rose enough to rest his head against her stomach. She pulled away from him and looked up at him. The sound of laughter brought Eden Miller out of her reverie. So far, her final year at school had proved to be more difficult and time-consuming than the previous three years combined. Not that she should be complaining. Sighing, she straightened in her seat and glared down at her notebook. Tapping her pen against the notebook, she re-read the last paragraph she had written, but she could hardly understand the words looking back at her. Eden's hands paused and her body stiffened at the sound of his voice. Snapping her head up, she blinked away those thoughts and looked into his grey-green eyes. It was a statement, not a question, and in truth, she had been avoiding him. Shaking her head, Eden looked away and smiled. The bar her housemates, Teresa and Madison, had taken her to had been busy that night, but having been there many times before, Teresa and Madison were able to secure a booth, which they settled in for the night. Madison threw her head back and laughed. Eden glanced at Teresa and then back at Madison before bursting out with laughter. Eden glanced back at Dante. Her housemates dropped the issue quickly, sensing that Eden didn't want to discuss it any further. As she watched him walk back to his friends, Eden silently thought that that was probably going to be the last time she ever spoke to him. For the next five months, Dante pursued Eden eagerly. When the night of the party had arrived, Eden had become a nervous wreck. Feeling better about everything, Eden arrived at the party in good spirits. Not that she had to worry about that – an hour after arriving at the party, Eden found herself being pulled upstairs by Dante who wanted to find a quiet room to talk in. A loud bang brought Eden back to reality. Eden hesitated and then looked away. Dante frowned slightly, and then nodded and walked away. Sighing, she closed her notebook and began to pack her belongings away. Rounding the corner, she searched the parking lot behind the library. Kicking the bike into life, Dante reversed and then accelerated out of the parking lot. I grimly regard the way he's checking out the new one. They size each other up, and I feel myself tense. I roll my eyes and retreat my hand, leaning back with my arms crossed over my chest as I sulk slightly. she actually walks up to us. Rodeo produces a pack from one of his backpockets, and offers her a cigarette. I shoot him an irritated look which he ignores. I raise my brows while she acceps, and shake my head curtly when he turns to offer me one. I brood, staring darkly in the direction of the kitchen. I stand up abruptly and head for the kitchen, finding them next to the fridge, and she's fucking batting her eyes out at him. I start forward, separating them rather rudely as I reach for the fridge door. Why am I still bothering with him? If you could've seen him before – before we got together - he used to sleep around like a hustler. I go out onto the balcony, beer in hand, and I lean against the balustrade. a voice asks next to me. I sigh, leaning my crossed forearms against the railing and my chin down on top of them. Shit. he mutters, breath tickling the back of my neck. he asks, bringing his lips close to my ear. I reason weakly. I turn my head to the side slightly, looking at him out of the corner of my eye. He snorts, shifting to the side slightly so he's resting his right hand next to mine on the railing. His gentle stroking stops. I shoot back, suddenly feeling much more exposed than I'd like to be. I snort. He's shocked. he starts impulsively before pausing, and straightening. I roll my eyes and look away, my whole pose radiating defiance. I shift nervously, fidgeting under intensitivity of his gaze. I inhale. I start rolling my eyes, and he grins, showing off his white teeth,  and he grabs my hand and brings it down against the hard front of his jeans. said a word. Soooo. I groaned, sliding on my glasses. Ryder sends me his sly grin, the one that sends shivers down my back. I was actually seven when I first met Ryder Samuels, he pushed me in the mud. I jumped up and pushed him toward the bathroom, we made it just in time for him to vomit his guts out in the downstairs toilet. So yep. I was sitting at the kitchen table, having breakfast, comtemplating my chances of faking sickness and being able to get out of school(You know, the usual routine) when Ryder walked up, grabbed my hand and pulled me up with out a word. Fast forwarding a little bit, I'll summarize the next two years of high school and college. And now? My brother is getting married in three weeks, which is why I'm bunking down with best man Ryder. If the answer is yes then give yourself a pat on the back. That's not for you. When dad's new wife got pregnant, mom got worse. She beat my ass completely sober, it happened usually when she looked at me. read. in my ear. that I nearly fell at her feet. Did anyone see? off of my shoulder. Was she hitting on me? status while also stating that we were a couple? attention. don't be mad but how can you not be? brushfire in. empty hall. Oh yeah…Michael. "Yes. this conversation on campus. "You're over exaggerating the situation. "Think what? Sam. has—wait. thinking about it? along rather nicely. continue on! promise! sexy! Even though I had never met him, I had learned a few things about him. La Cove. When I was a child, I was easily fascinated by the idea of mates. I couldn't believe this. Mateless was a term we used for any werewolf who hadn't found their mate for a very long time. I knew then, I didn't ever want to be mateless. I thought about Grandma for days, after Mom, told me about her mating discovery. I promised myself that I would wait for her till the end of time. 5/17/2014: TO OLD READERS: You may notice that I shorten the chapters after I edit through the manuscript. TO NEW READERS: The raw manuscript of this book is finished and was available on FP before, but I have removed it all and have uploaded the new edited chapters here. Androgynously Poetic Written by jma and The Red Fatalities This story is rated R for sexual content, drugs, and possible violence. the one who seemed to work the hardest. . believe what his eyes saw. The boy's eyes traveled from those wrists to the blood upon the sheets. to their eardrums. murdered his family and then himself. forced to enter a mental institution. out of their fucking minds? in to that at this particular time. following me around is not exactly what I call appealing. is needed and if I don't hurry I'll be later for hell (school) so. Well, hello there! The instant I saw him, I hated him. My eyes widened slightly and I had to fight a sudden twitch. But, anyway. He shot me a warning look as he passed, mouthing Behave. I grumbled, turning around and leading him down the hall. I turned to my computer, opening the file I'd been working on all week and found where'd I'd left off. I glanced up at Taylor, taking the mug from his hand and muttering a quick 'thanks'. He bestowed me with a bright grin and turned his attention to a stack of paper in front him. Grumbling under my breath, I set the mug down and returned to combing through files, my mood even darker than before. We worked silently for more than an hour, until someone knocked on my door. He rolled his eyes, turning back to his desk. With a small wave and smirk he disappeared. With an annoyed growl, I pushed away from him and stormed back to my desk, dropping down into my chair. The next few hours were tense. I rolled my eyes, digging into the bag. I opened the carton of sweet and sour pork, scooping some out with my chopsticks. I replied with a friendly flick of my middle finger, turning grumpily to my computer. With an exasperated sigh and eye roll, he moved back to his desk, mouth set in a frown. I groaned, shifting slightly to ease the pain in my back. I sighed, straightening in my chair and stretching out my back with a hiss. Setting my bag down on the bench, I quickly stripped off my clothes and turned on the shower, waiting for it to warm up before jumping in. I dumped my used clothes in the laundry basket I kept in the closet, along with my towel, before pulling my fresh clothes from their hangers. Scowling, I quickly got dressed and went over to the door, yanking it open. I retorted, standing up. I stared at him, surprised. She waved as I headed back down the hall to my office. I managed to get through the rest of the week without working late, much to my relief. Anyway, despite how devoted I was to my job, I really did enjoy being home, even if there was no one to keep my company. I glanced up at the clock, chewing my lip. By six o'clock, everyone was gone. The minutes slipped by, mingling with the soft tones of jazz, classical, and swing, and before I knew it, an hour has disappeared. I opened my drawer, pondering the take-out flyers spread in an organized mess. I hesitated for a moment, my burning dislike of Taylor warring with my equally burning desire for food. I hated to admit it, but I was really grateful for the food. He smiled brightly, an expression I hadn't seen directed my way since I first met him. I wasn't entirely sure how, but it became routine for Taylor and me to work late together. Although Jack never said anything, he would shoot me pleased grins when he passed by my office and saw us working together. I honestly had no idea what to say to that. Okay, I had to give her that. Only one person was standing in the kitchen when arrived, and although his back was to me, I could tell from the shock of ginger hair that it was Taylor. With that, he stormed out of the room, leaving me feeling like crap. That night was another late one. My eyes flicked to the clock, noticing it was already seven. Sighing, I started shuffling through take-out flyers, wondering what to order. He stared at me for a minute, expression unreadable. I watched in a kind of daze as he slid off my lap, returning to his chair. My mouth opened and closed a few times before I finally let out a sigh, standing up to get the other container. Okay, better yet, how did I feel about this whole thing? Holy shit. He snickered, finishing off his meal and standing up to get rid of the container. A glance over his shoulder caught me watching him, which was obviously what he was going for. I heard his chair roll back, making me look up. My voice was more nervous than I would have liked. Without answering me, he leaned forward, kissing me a lot more roughly than before. Another gasp escaped me, followed quickly by a moan. In a matter of minutes, my shirt, pants, and shoes were tossed on the ground along with Taylor's, leaving us both mostly naked. The first thing I realized when I woke up was that someone was nibbling on my shoulder. Just as he was leaning closer with a wicked smirk, the door flew open. Taylor scrabbled to untangle himself from the blanket, face bright red. She smirked suggestively. Spikey sent me a wink, finally dragging Jennifer out of the room. A/N: Sequel time! As always, I would like to thank ebs12, :) , Melaye, LovE~NEvA~DiEs, rosanna54321, Raised with Fangs, merkie, PreincessCherokee01, aby pwn u, AnnabelLloyd97, Its. I had done it. Finally, as the sun began to dip beyond the horizon, Reed's motorcycle slowed to a stop, Kristen's car pulling up beside us as we pulled up in front of a Diner. As thankful as I was that Reed's friends had so kindly volunteered to join us, I couldn't help but feel the slightest hint of discomfort as I contemplated the length of time I would be living with them. It was nice, being with Reed like this in public, especially with his friends. I couldn't say that I particularly shared or even understood Reed's friend's sense of humor, but I felt at ease the way Reed always seemed to turn to me before anyone else, the two of us sometimes carrying on our own private conversations from the group. I flushed, feeling horribly embarrassed as I realized I would have nothing to offer. I nodded, holding my breath as I felt Reed lift me into the air, his grip firm but gentle. Slowly, we scaled the tree like that, till we finally reached the top. I whispered, my voice cracking slightly. Frowning as I realized it was about time for Reed and I to meet the others at the hotel, I closed my eyes, committing this moment to memory. Ben whined, eyeing us both warily. The whole room went silent, Kristen's face going lax for a split second before she cleared her throat, heading for the door. farm I grew up on. My first Romance story! Okay, that doesn't sound as bad now as it did then. The Parkers' are our neighbours from the house opposite. So you can understand why I was feeling a little apprehensive about the shovel. Please be Mrs Parker, or Steven I desperately thought to myself, or even the ghost of a murdered guest! The serious man at the door simply stared on. I tried again, feeling stupider as the seconds passed. I started sunnily,  Five years could pass off as a 'while', I convinced myself. Ok. All in all though, there were worse ways of greeting an old friend. I walked in and through into the garden. Swiftly he was behind and tying something over my eyes. I tried to move my face away, but Lyle's nails started to dig into it. Use me eh? I felt him approach me again, alarm bells went off in my head. demanded a masculine voice. Steven continued. As he cut the ropes around my chest, feet and wrists, I felt free. I sank as I felt his familiar iron grip on my wrist. I had never met her in my life, but she was probably my best friend. He looked away, refusing to answer. Lyle passed it to me and I struck him on the head with it. to finish it and I'll post it right away. Sam Marsell-Anderson looked at his watch as he made his way to the Campus cafeteria where Caden was waiting for him. Sam turned before the person had the chance to get to him and saw a tall, slim girl with brown curly hair that reached her shoulders grin at him. They had been a couple for about five months. But Chyna wasn't looking at him anymore. Chyna walked to meet him halfway. Sam looked away. Finally getting tired of Chyna and Jayden murmuring things quietly Sam cleared his throat and they glanced up. Sam lied. Finally when he entered the cafe he let out a relieved breath. Sam found Caden sitting by the windows, a cup of coffee in his hands. Caden grinned, looking a little more like himself. Sam raised an eyebrow. Hmm. But he'd do it. Sam nodded. He couldn't believe what he had agreed to. Even though I love Sam and would love to tell his story, really I don't know if I can do it if I don't get any reviews. please pretty please review! family? Lex. Author's note: I'm incrementally/superficially editing this story (just because I have a moment away from my studies and I am supremely embarrassed this story still exists). I don't think I was supposed to meet him. You may say that money doesn't really matter anymore, but even today the town of Westbrook takes pride in the disparities that exist between the haves and have nots that reside within the city's limits. I remember that day as if it was yesterday. I sighed knowing that it was indeed time to get up. Maman declared. I often felt that I fell short of my mother's definition of beauty. Sophie, the little princess glided through the doorway. I shook my head. Sophie screeched. I changed into the evergreen and black James Patrick uniform, which had originally been far too large for me. My mother hurried me to our small living room and plugged in our blow dryer. My mother didn't answer me. That's what my mother always said. she whispered into my ear and I smiled. Diana's face looked concerned. The bus stop was about two blocks away, but even at that distance, you could see the waving evergreen and black striped flag in front of the school. I had taken the tour of the school earlier in the summer and I knew the location of my first class. The girl's reaction was unexpected. Tessa grinned and tilted her head towards the classroom door. The hours passed slowly and I made no other friends. When lunch finally arrived, I raced towards the student parking lot doors and got lost in the process. Tessa shook her head. I shrugged as she drove out of the school parking lot. As soon as I got in the door, I heard the beat from the jukebox. A/N: WARNING: RATED M FOR LANGUAGE. Opening it again, barely registering the wallpaper of her and Boris making kissy faces into the camera, immediately pressing the button to access her address book. Her finger hovers over the green call, the go, the ignition. Her voice jars the quiet. Women gained the right to vote eighty years ago. Someone once told her that creation stories are all about putting the woman away, because man needed some way—a big way—to verify his position of dominance, to justify it to subsequent generations. Pen feels this now, heart-heavy, as she closes her phone again for the fourth time, and waits for him to call her. But now, as she feels pulled in all directions, she cannot make that leap. She throws her phone on the bed and goes for a jog, 70 percent dissatisfied, and the rest of her horribly relieved. He is her best friend's older brother and sometimes she hates him. Before she'd ever met Connor, Boris told her how his older brother was the first person he'd come out to, and how Connor had laughed hysterically. And she hates him for being good. It was her fault they'd ever spoken, though. And she had exploded, ka-boom, human bomb on display. -It's my fucking period, okay? He'd turned around and left, and came back a long ten minutes later with a package in his hand. -I'm sorry. -Make sure you wipe up the blood when you're done. And there was not a gap between them anymore. He says horrible, pitiless things like they are what form bridges over the river. She doesn't believe in cruel to be kind. (creation only comes after nothingness exists, haven't you seen the patterns? Wandering marks her years. Connor told her that this was in her head when she happened to say something to this effect when she was watching a Travel Channel episode on his and Boris's big screen television on a cloudy day, typical for their rainy springs. -Yes, it is, - he retorted snobbishly. -It's not a naïve romantic ideal I have in mind, jerk. -You're just dying to have somebody knock reality into you. -Oh, for fuck's sake. -Moon river, wider than a mile…I'm crossing you in style some day…Oh dream maker, you heart breaker. Scared little girls are always running. Run away with me. She's always felt for the Moors, for their portrayal in her Eurocentric textbooks as barbaric invaders. A long time ago, before she has ever wanted to tell him her secrets, she sees Connor behind the local grocery store, banging his head into the wall with so regular a beat that it is like he is run by a machine. -Like hell it is, - she replies, nonchalantly dangling her car keys and trying not to show how disturbed she feels. He bangs his head on the wall again, a hoarse cry coming out of his cracked lips. -Connor— He's scaring her. -Don't cry your fucking crocodile tears for me, little girl. Because Pen is stupid, she takes another step forward and puts her cool hand against Connor's heaving chest. The skin of his eyelids is papery thin when he closes them. She absorbs this, she recognizes what he is trying to do, and she goes back to what he called her before. -I know. She slaps him before the last syllable is even completely out of his mouth, pulling her hand away from the warm rise and fall of his chest to connect with his face. -Stop! -Stop. There is a break in his voice. She wipes her crocodile tears with the back of her hand and bends over in a squat, her hands flat against her thighs. She wants you to know that she loved (loves) her dad. She sees families walking around sometimes. There are movies where daughters cry over the bodies of dead fathers, where fathers cry over the bodies of dead sons, where sons cry over the bodies of dead mothers, where mothers cry over the bodies of dead daughters. So she'd cry at his funeral, maybe. Daughters look for their fathers in their mates, she is told. But he is different. She clapped her hands, batting her eyelashes at him. He snorted, and for a brief moment his dark eyes smiled. Connor returned to sloppily smearing jam on the bread, and then, after a thoughtful pause, quickly sliced off the crusts. A vile urge to wrap her arms around his neck for something other than the purpose of cutting off his air supply overcame her. Awkwardly, she scrambled in her bag for her packet of soy nuts—he was such a health food freak—and tossed them on the counter. ((Pen doesn't see it, but after Boris has maimed his skull Connor finds one of his mom's old cookbooks in the basement and tries to figure out how to make spaghetti, with limited success. He forgets his classes. At around five o'clock he hears the front door slam open, and then loud voices abruptly stop at the foreign smell. But she doesn't. -In the fridge, lower bin, - he replies gruffly, wiping his face with his sleeve, convincing himself that he isn't fucking crying like a puss. Her hair looks like a river running red under the kitchen lights. It's now 7 at night, and Pen can't concentrate on her math homework. The world is not a random series of events and neither is it driven by destiny. Occasionally he comes home with black eyes and bleeding lips. Now she does it for him every night he comes home with his cuts and bruises and she is sleeping over. This night in April, though, he has picked a fight with someone he shouldn't have. And oh, fuck, fuck, fuck his face has swollen up like a hot air balloon and his cheeks are eating his eyeballs until he won't be anything else but a motherfucking pair of cheeks. In the end the guy decides he isn't worth it. Godzilla calls a cab to take Connor home. When he trips through his door he falls down in a pool of his spit and blood. Warm hands on his forearm, and then he is being half-carried to the couch. -Yes. He wonders what he has done to deserve this. A cool cloth is pressed to his eye, and he whimpers and hisses like an animal, digging his soft hands into the couch. He doesn't answer her. -Why are you so sad? She purses her lips in the moonlight. -A true one. -Then I'm going to tell you a silly story. -Y'know, where you're put by yourself to ponder your sins. -What? -Oh. -No, keep it. -Okay. He throws his head back and laughs. He licks her hand, a genuine slobbery dog lick. -Why are you nice to me? -Because. Then she actually answers him. He is very still. -Okay. -Yeah. A week ago he tells Pen about his mom. And more than that he tells her about himself. She leans over and presses her pink lips to his cheeks. He murmurs Sartre and loneliness into her lips, and half-sobs meaning and hope, and he presses her fiercely into the wall. And gradually he slows, he quiets, his kisses become less grieving and more tender, and he begins to whisper Yeats and Byron into her mouth like prayers from a godless man. He admits. She imagines one thousand nights with him, she imagines Friday with him, she imagines holding his hand and she feels suddenly much braver. -Disclaimer: 'Moon River' by Henry Mancini and Johnny Mercer. A/N: I'm fairly sure that this is one of the most personal full-length features I have ever written. A/N: Hallo there, everyone. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! For some reason alien even to me, I just presumed that I would travel from Leicester, where I'm currently living and studying, to Oxford, where my parents live, and spend Christmas there. I whined. I growled and hung up. When I told Gwen about it, she was close to tears. My living arrangements are a little unorthodox, I guess. Needless to say, there were few places that corresponded to both my desires and my budget. As it turned out, it wasn't so bad. Overall, my landlords are very friendly and pleasant people. So far, I've not once regretted moving in there. Steven's room is the one next to mine, and when I had been staying with Gwen and Rupert for a week or so, I decided to go snooping around in there. As it turns out, a significant part of Gwen's excitement over Christmas is down to Steven's return. I'm also suspecting that a significant part of Gwen's excitement about my staying in Leicester over Christmas is down to Steven's return. When Steven finally arrives, early morning on Christmas Eve, I'm still not dressed. I escape to my little en-suite bathroom and take a quick shower. The first I see of Steven is his back. he says. Gwen nods for me to sit down and puts a full English breakfast in front of me. I spend the afternoon on my bed, reading The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle and listening to a mixed CD that my brother Luke made for me before buggering off for Barcelona. Normally, that name is deeply intertwined with loathing and fear, but today, it sort of makes me want to laugh. When Gwen told me that the cousins were coming around for Christmas Day, I had a brief moment of panic, before she cleared up the situation. The Cousins aren't really evil, I'm sure. This extreme situation have led to the for me quite extreme action of going out on my own. To my own immense surprise, I do survive dinner with the majuscules. It takes me 20 minutes or so to get there, and when I've handed in my jacket and, more importantly, ordered my first drink, it doesn't feel too weird to be there alone. I lean over the bar, shouting my order at the bartender. When I first arrived at Leicester Uni in September, I signed up for an evening-class in Latin. Jason and I were the groups' most avid coffee drinkers. It's such a cheesy line, so old-fashionably chivalrous, that it makes me laugh and nod. This close to him, I can smell the alcohol on his breath, the products in his hair, the clean sweat of his neck, the after-shave that is so reminiscent of the one I use that I'm willing to bet it's the same. I laugh at him again. I tell him. I only nod my consent, meeting his smile. Jason and I don't say a word to each other as we wait for our jackets. I get my coat shortly after, and then we're out the door. He stands right in front of me, then turns his back to press it against my chest. I try desperately. Jason says with a crooked grin. Jason walks up to me again, and sneaks his winter-cold hands underneath my shirt. I say, catching his wrists in my hands, pulling them out from underneath my shirt. I release his hands, and he leads the way down the street, out of the city centre, southwards. It's probably a stupid thing to do, for so many reasons. he says feebly, his lips a little shiny with our saliva. He gives me a short kiss with cold, closed lips, and pulls away with an exhale of such hopeless frustration it makes me want to wrestle him to the ground and devour him. When we get there, to the top floor flat where he lives, I'm struck by how it looks just like it…should. It's a small flat, tiny even. There is a tiny kitchenette next to the small hallway, a bathroom opposite the window, and that's the full extent of the flat. Jason is getting closer to me, slow, slower, and looks at me intently. I unbutton the bottom three buttons of his shirt, and push the fabric aside, like the curtain of a theatre. I could get caught up with it, I suppose, and I probably would've, but the rustle of fabric as Jason lets his shirt fall from his shoulders to the floor wakes me from my hypnosis. He's beautiful. I unbutton the top two buttons, then raise my upper body and pull the shirt over my head. I just smile and bring his lips back up to mine, thinking  He's perfect. He hands me a Durex, and I rip it open quickly, dropping the foil on a copy of On the Road on his bedside table. I slide in easily, my left hand on his chest and my right on his lower abdomen. I thrust into him, so close to climax now. He sounds like he wants to reply something, but it just comes out as unintelligible noises so hot that they almost knock the air out of me. When I return to this earth and this life, Jason has pulled the duvet back over us. Most days, waking up is a brusque transition. There was no alarm clock this morning, no sudden feeling of panicked hurry. A little more alert, I move against him a little more insistently. I close my eyes again, thrusting into his hand and against him. The heater has kicked into action during the night, and the tiny flat is comfortably heated. We shower together, standing in his bath. We dry off with his fluffy white towels, and I get back into the clothes I wore yesterday, save a pair of boxer-briefs I borrow from Jason. He chuckles, but complies. He puts on a CD with Christmas Carols before he goes to the kitchenette. I say. I leave Jason's place by one. I lean back against the front door, forcing myself to pull away from his lips. The door closes to his flat and I stand outside it for a few moments, composing myself. My taxi driver is a middle-aged Sikh bloke with a huge turban, who spends the 15-minute journey back to the Sunders talking to me about Christmas traditions and seeming to feel very sorry for me when I tell him how my parents abandoned me to go to Morocco. When I walk through the doors of the Sunders' house, the smell of Christmas dinner hits me. I spend a couple of hours drinking beer with Rupert and Steven and feeling very guilty indeed that Gwen has to slave away in the kitchen without anyone even lifting a finger to help her. I hear the door open, and then it's like an explosion of sound. Then a tall, handsome woman appears in the sitting room, and Rupert introduces her to me as his sister. That's Jason! Introductions done, we all sit down. I can't see him doing anything else either. Dinner is an uncomfortable affair, although I'm sure I'm the only one who thinks so. We both laugh. Jason and I both freeze at the punctuated sentence, looking at the source of the sound. I cover my eyes and take a few deep breaths to force down the nausea. As I hear him returning to the kitchen, I hurry back to the dishwasher, resuming my tortured look with closed eyes and fingers pinching the bridge of my nose. I button my coat. The cousins and Steven call  back, but then there's Gwen's voice asking us to wait. I close the door, and walk up to Jason, who is laughing at me again. It's not that I believe in Christmas miracles or anything, but this night actually seems a little on the divine side. My mother had mentioned seeing someone, but I'm never one to care what the hell she does. So when my mother mentioned that she was seeing someone, I was certain that I wouldn't meet him until the wedding, if it came to that. Most of the time I don't mind that she leaves me alone and lets me do as I please while she busies herself with the restaurant. A small part of me has to wonder just how serious things are with this guy. Now I know it may not seem like a huge deal that Joshua--my mom's boyfriend--has a son. I'm not even entirely sure what I've done to make Jesse hate me so much. Before my mind can be dominated by more angry thoughts of Jesse, a petite pale hand waves in front of my face, causing me to focus my gaze on the 5'4'' blonde pixie who is Jerrica Anderson and my best friend. She sighs, and it's times like these that I'm glad she can never stay upset with me for more than 2. I told her all about my mom's boyfriend this morning in English class, including the part where his son is the spawn of Satan. After a nearly silent and very awkward dinner last night, Joshua kissed my mother goodnight, causing me and Jesse to gag simultaneously, and then took his son home. Jerrica rolls her eyes and looks back at me with a blank stare. Jerrica and I have been friends for about two years. I look up, and sure enough, a shaggy black-haired head is moving toward the exit. When I push the door open, he's just zipping his pants up and there is no one else in sight. His gray eyes rake me over in what looks like disgust. I say with a glare of my own, staring up at him. He uses his pointer finger to indicate himself and then me. He flicks shaggy black hair out of his face angrily. I say and then hear the bell ring loudly overhead, signalling the end of lunch. Jesse gives me one last glare to compensate for our proximity during Micah's intrusion, and bumps my shoulder on his way out. Thanks for reading! Vampire LoverChapter 1: Beginings He hissed violently in pain. Oh, how fun! For starters, we have the typical New Year celebration, complete with champagne and all that jazz. Soon enough, we started celebrating International Women's Day, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Day, International Midwives Day slash Nurse's Day (They just can't seem to get enough with the whole women-ish celebration. Unfortunately, I never really enjoyed all these magical festivities. Oh, right. Deep and sexy voice, doesn't like parties, brilliant smile. Yeah. Okay, that was a lie. Okay, so that wasn't exactly true. The clown quipped cheerily in front of me. I trailed off. The little kids nearby who heard him started giggling, causing me to blush angrily. Get his number. I stared up into his grey eyes. He leaned in closer, and I could smell a slight hint of his cologne. I only managed to find out the next day that the clown's name was Tan (as in surfer-tan, tan), and he left his number for me on the living room table. Yeah. I said. (I'm kidding. The clown exclaimed dramatically, and I rolled my eyes at his cheesy antiques. Of all the people that I can choose to fall in love with, why does it have to be some guy who's irrevocably in love with my best friend? I took a deep breath. And so we sat there quietly for a moment, both thinking through the things we've just said. Until the balloon popped and went flying all over the room. So for the past few weeks, both Ashley and Nataniel have been trying their best to glue themselves to me whenever possible. Got a detention for that, too. Tan quirked his eyebrow. I shrugged that thought off. He said, and then stopped. Yeah. So I've fallen for him. And it ain't going anywhere. spring break! penguin right there"! look doing that dance at the moment. I answered. back for it tomorrow. too". As some of you may or may not have noticed, Regan, White, and the Seven Deadly Sins has been taken down from FictionPress—I've found several instances of plagiarism online and, sorry, I don't like having my stuff stolen (I kind of feel like the Duke from Moulin Rouge- ). However, I have every intention of being published one day, and I canNOT risk having my characters, plotlines, dialogue, etc. DON'T PANIC. Oh. He was always panting. I guess that had a little something to do with the fact that I never bothered telling them secrets… Or anything related to my life, for that matter. The bubbly phase (which lasted for a couple of hours), the bimbotic-psychopath phase (Phew. And that other time I accidentally (okay, deliberately. … Oh wait. Found myself a part-time job to earn some quick cash, and to lift some load off mum's shoulders. Jamie was an okay-person. Seriously. Pre-Menstrual Syndrome. I explained quickly, my words coming out jumbled and undecipherable, even to my own ears. And it got worse the moment I walked past his old house out of pure habit, and saw a pearly white car (Didn't know the name. Okay. He confessed behind the door. He answered calmly, his breath still even, even though we were running. I noticed. I asked incredulously, remembering what Ms. Margaret said about controlling my temper. He retorted, his hand running through his black hair once, in annoyance. I interjected angrily, pushing him away. The first day, he showed up on our doorstep at six a. The stupid purple dinosaur toy figure that my mum and I bought for him on his fifth birthday. The deflated printed balloons from my birthday party. No. In fact, the last time I did this was. I was almost sure that he would come to the door. One day. I had to. Mummy says we haf to go sum place far away. Okay, so that wasn't really the letter I wrote. I reached out for the second letter, feeling the paper material under my touch. I jus got 2 my nu home. Today was the 1st day of sku, and it was treble. My heart twisted a little. My burfday's today. I mis u, bam-bam. Ho! Happy new year! Happy Birthday! I am so happy! I miss you, bam-bam. But it's okay. I miss you, bam-bam. What's happening to me? I miss you, bam-bam. I think puberty is magical. I miss you, bam-bam. p/s: Happy Valentines Day! She just… Came. I was made captain of my school's basketball team today. Needed some alone time today, so I hit the movies by myself after my basketball training (Which was awful, by the way. The movie was about two kids, a boy and a girl, who were childhood sweethearts. But one day, the girl left. They found each other in the end. You have no idea how long it took for me to dig out every piece of letter I wrote, because every time after I write one, I'd hide it somewhere where I can't see it; Where it wouldn't hurt me; Where it wouldn't make me wipe off another angry tear. . Point is: I know you still care, even if just a little bit. Point is: I'm willing to do anything, as long as it means you'll be with me. For you to be here. Please don't turn your back on me now". I don't really think this is anywhere near decent, but I just needed to write. I did some research on the hole in heart thing. p/s: I'll reply messages and reviews SOON. Both of them turn to look at her. There's a Brown-Columbia game. She's not sure she'd have said no if he asked right then, but he doesn't. She doesn't elaborate, and Summer, because she's Summer, doesn't ask her to. Summer's apparently realized he's missing. Tasha stares at them as her roommate drags him off. But she suddenly misses Nick, so she gets off her bed. Tasha Nadal It'll happen. They're lying on the grass in the quad. Nick turns to look at her. She thinks he's going to ask then, but he doesn't. Tasha doesn't know what she's waiting for. But they don't. But he doesn't. Remember Amy? I always wanted to be in love with you. Do you hate me? I think it was because…Nick, I don't love you that way. How could I not know? I miss you. You know what would be brave of me? She doesn't know why, either. Summer's got a Ph. Nick finishes the remainder of his year at Columbia. In the beginning of the summer, she drives him to the airport. He's new, but the same. But it's what she dreams of sometimes. Random: Allison, better known as Ally, is a fun, sweet, caring, girl. Random: She is the mother of Ally. Random: He lives in London England with his parents. Random: He lives in London with his wife and son. Allison Logan, that's me, better known by my friends and family by Ally, led an average life. Hi! It was an average summer day. My daydreams were interrupted by my mom calling me inside from the back door. I shrugged my shoulders as I jumped down from the counter and finished my glass of water and placed the glass into the dishwasher. I grabbed the remote to my stereo and pushed the power button feeling my room with the sound of the 'All American Rejects' 'Dirty Little Secret. I put on the outfit I had selected which consisted of a pair of faded low-rise jeans and baby blue polo. I ran out of my room and smacked right into my mom. Grumbling I walked over to my closet and glanced through my GIANT collection of dresses. I walked over to my mirror and took my hair down running my fingers through it to comb it out. My parents were both running around like two chickens with their heads cut off. This seemed to relax him. In came three people, none of whom I knew. The last person that entered was a complete and total hottie! I quietly walked over to the group of people who were now at this point all smiling at me, except for the hottie who was smirking at me. We walked silently into the dining room and sat down at the table to eat what my mom had made for dinner. Throughout the entire dinner my parents happily chatted with Sean and his parents as I sat there bored out of my mind. Finally after everyone was finished with their dinner I excused myself to go the bathroom. I sat there confused and let everything sink in. I began looking around the room in panic. I sat down giving in and tried to hold my tears in. This completely pushed me over the edge. I backed away from him and backed right into my wall, as he came closer I started to panic then I formulated a plan. I closed my suitcase just as he was getting up off the floor. I walked into the living room to find my parents and Sean's talking happily like they were at their high school reunion. They both looked extremely hurt by how I had addressed them. A/N: Hey everybody! Adam &amp; Eve Copyright ©2011 by champagne kisses. I shouldn't stay up so late last night. Junior is my bratty and extremely annoying stepbrother. Apparently, I'm like sewn into his shadow. Junior's real name is Owen. Junior's car pulls over into the parking lot of high school. Charlotte is my best friend and I love her to death. The next thing I know, Charlotte starts kissing Junior. Adam says in between kissing his on-again off-again girlfriend, Vikki, who is straddling on his lap. Adam is the captain of basketball team and Junior's best friend since elementary school. Ugh- save the racket for the tennis court, I have much better things to do than give a flying duck on this all-men freak show. This is my second story. . She hated him. Keiran raised an eyebrow and shrugged. Caomhe gave Fiona an irritated glance. Caomhe nodded pathetically. Caomhe glowered down at the ground. Fiona rolled her hazel eyes dramatically. Charlie heard it and laughed. Keiran glared at the others. Garrett's eye twitched. But before he could tag her, she ran. Celia nodded, her own dark black curls bouncing up and down. The little girl had red hair in pigtails and sparkling brown eyes with flecks of gold. The little boy smiled. The little boy laughed in triumph and stood up from the swing. And hey, thank you guys SO MUCH for still reading MORE THAN A YEAR LATER! to sell myself. it. to run. all of these"? sighed in relief. better? have some…rules? will you accomplish that"? take a shower, will you? flopped down on the sofa. Adi grinned, holding up her hands. have to be the guinea pig"? Prostitution pays well. need tips. tomorrow. So, this is a story that I've been working on for some time. Now, here she was. In her brand name jewelry and designer labels, she was just as posh as would be expected of the wife of a man who owned a real estate empire. Silvia herself refrained from answering her, not trusting what her reaction would be. Silvia turned back toward her book, but after a moment, gave up. The property that her parents owned was no joke. Needless to say, such a property required a great deal of attention, and everyday there were people that tended to it. When she reached the humid and large room, she simply dived directly into the pool. Tomorrow was her first day of school in this town. The school she would be going to now was – of course – still prestigious. Silvia Eaton was a fairly confident girl. Silvia had gone to her previous school since she was in sixth grade, and it had been all girls for six years. She'd heard all of the horror stories from her friends, though, nevertheless. When she awoke to her alarm clock at five the next morning, she sighed. It was a beautiful community, really. Yes, beautiful. After about nine minutes of running, she turned back toward home, retracing her footsteps. The chef – who Silvia could not deny was talented indeed – would not hear of her preparing her own meal. Silvia thanked her heartily and begged her to give her complements to the chef, before almost inhaling the food. She had decided to continue wearing the same jeans, and eventually decided on a leopard print bustier with thin black straps. Looking at herself in the large mirror of her bathroom, she smiled approvingly. She grabbed her school things, her small black leather purse, and her keys. Upon getting closer, she felt her eyes widen. Her thighs wrapped around him was a pleasurable sensation. He moved his hand down from her breast, slipping it beneath her skirt – if it could be called that, barely there as it was. She bit her lip. The girl flushed, but pressed her hips harder into his hand. Smirking, Slade caressed her tender spot again. The poor girl looked stricken. Pointedly, he looked up and down her sweet body. For a moment he couldn't see who she had waved to. Allegra told her, and hit a very tall jock over the head with her palm to get him to move. She laughed and chucked her chocolate covered spoon at him. Well, okay. She felt heat rise to her cheeks, and looked away, going back to eating. He had an absolutely gorgeous brunette draped over his arm. Silvia looked over at Slade, who dismissed the pretty brunette without even glancing at her, simply by shifting his arm slightly. Slade couldn't deny she was sexy. The fact that Celia didn't like her made her only more enticing. She was talking to Allegra about something. Slade couldn't blame them, those feminine curves would drive a saint to sin. He shrugged. Her vanity was present in everything she did. He made a point of looking up and down her body. Slade smirked, thinking of all the ways he'd be able to test out Allegra's theory. I was right behind him in the line, waiting to order my Frappacino and idly admiring his black curls that seemed to dance on the back of his neck. The Greek god was now ordering at the till, the teenage girl behind the counter melting in her work loafers. He chuckled, tilting his head back slightly, his Adams apple bobbing up and down. Trust a damn starbucks employee to ruin the moment. It had been the same routine up until I arrived at my apartment, and was about to step in through my front door when I witnessed my neighbour making out with a guy. But I can't read it. I take a sideways glance at Lisa and she's reading furiously. The papers rustle again. Because they're large and very active so they need lots of oxygen, fast. All the better to eat you with my dear: to rip and tear apart your flesh with. The labels we give people, like 'popular' and 'piece of dirt not worth anyone's time', are stupid and pointless, because you never really get to see who the person actually is. Well, Mrs Humphrey, basically the oxygen gets under its skin the way Calvin gets under mine. Diffusion is when particles go from a low to high concentration, the way my heart goes from slow to fast in the span of one second, the moment I realise he's anywhere near me. I don't really know but I'm guessing they're supposed to support the plant, the way Calvin supported me that time I sprained my ankle at training and he carried me all the way to the nurse and sat there holding my hand the whole time I was complaining about the pain. Brief description: They have a caecum and four stomach chambers and they are constantly chewing and re-chewing regurgitated stuff to get as much nutrition as possible. Brief description: Tall, athletic, toned, brunette, god-like, amazing at soccer, even though I will never tell him. Robert Hooke. To make their own energy so they don't have to be running purely on adrenaline sparked from having him stare you in the eyes while he holds an ice pack to your head, propping you up to sit on the bench top so that you can be level because you're so small and he never fails to remind you. But he just came right back, placing a hand on either side of my legs and smirking. Test for heartbeat: listen to it drumming in your ears. The invention of technology has shown people that there is more than one way to interrupt a situation. I have to, I said uncertainly. All I wanted to do was get closer to him and never leave. I close my poor excuse for a test and glance behind me at Calvin, but his head is down and he's still writing. Mama. must be careful. father will be home soon. kitchen slam. nightdress she always wore. well myself. feel so strange. the railing, her hand sweating slightly. feel. will get better, I promise. his wife's forehead, and got up. Michael. is too ill. "But. suddenly. the mountains again, Marianne's grip tightened on Cha's hand. darling. other. love you. after Cha. me you will take care of each other. promise. love you, Michael. don't go! will see me again. Mama. Mama, NO! her. come, Cha. grim. Cha. lip with worry. passed. littered everywhere. You're hurt! Cha. good. breathing was slowing. love you. brave, Papa. did not reply. . Michael. Title: Sort of Like Cinderella? Disclaimer: Story and all characters belong to me. Vance snorted. And with that, she left him to his grumbling. He could see the tire tracks from where that madwoman had parked. He kept walking, but nothing really presented itself. He stared at stranger who'd interrupted him, opening his mouth to yell at the man. The waitress returned with Zephyr's food, and the man dug in the moment the plate touched the table. He laughed, and was punched in the shoulder. He put the phone back in his pocket as the conversation ended, and walked home humming. Tension hung in the air the same way tolling of funeral bells reverberate long after the last clapper-strike. the leader of the rae`lir contingency began in the trade-tongue spoken by almost all merchants and delegates of the neighboring star-systems. The human head-negotiator stood and returned the bow. Ny frowned and glanced to his left while his stomach curled around itself. The boy shrank into himself. 'I will no longer tolerate your pathetic weakness,' the man growled, glaring at the boy cowering on the floor—blood trickling from the corner of Ny's mouth. Was Jun trying to make him cry? Ny held his breath to dam the tears Jun's words beckoned. Ny's hand trail over the cool metal of the intrastellar passenger-ship while he stole glances at the other passengers. The Keltas were much safer to look at, and rather more enjoyable, too, since the Arthrians were nowhere near as colorful or active as the excitable Keltas. What he liked best about them was what he equated as hair—it at least came from their heads and hung down to their hips. He sensed they didn't mean any harm, but he hadn't appreciated it the time he wasn't able to catch his balance and, therefore, slammed to the floor. However, the jaunt up to the observation deck held neither Arthrians nor Keltas. Ny slipped into the large viewing deck after the door raised. Though Ny had seen any number of rae`lire, he'd never met one, even among Father's many business contacts. Moreover, why a temple? It wasn't that Ny shared his view, but Father was so severe and complete in his condescension of things beneath him or his family, Ny didn't dare challenge the iron-rule. Ny's eyes darted leftwards when the rising door ripped through his musings. The rae`lir was tall—taller even than Father; walking toward the center of the viewing area, his gait marked him a born-warrior. Ny startled when another rae`lir bolted upright. Ny felt his brow furrow; both these rae`lire seemed familiar, but he couldn't place them. Ny watched them start towards the door. the second insisted as he approached. Show no weakness… show no weakness… Ny chanted to keep from outright trembling. Ny lifted his eyes to the first rae`lir, then, he shifted his attention back to the second. Her fingers fumbled through trough the pages of her book while taking sips from her warm hazelnut coffee. She has been working for Nigel for four years, responding to every call or tasks he placed her on. Naomi on the other hand, had the figure of a tall mocha hour glass. The sound of Mr. Storm's voice coming through her intercom snapped her out of herself loathing. Son? His voice was oddly seductive but cold in a sense that sent shivers down her back and her tender loins wanting sex. Naomi's gaze fell onto Logan who walked towards her. If Naomi believed in a god, right now she would be on her knees praying that this was all a dream. Naomi grumbled as she came out the shower and silently cursing under her breath. Naomi found herself remembering his comment to her. She closed her laptop and slipped into bed, tomorrow would be the first day of hell. Princess Brianna Lovely had never been so exhausted as she was at the moment. Her hand clutched the white horse's mane as though it were a lifeline. She eased. She missed home. She wondered how Christian was. After she'd run away, she had spent the majority of her time in the forest. No one answered her, of course, but as she stepped closer excitedly, pinching her arm, she realized that no, it wasn't a dream. Brianna pulled Snow to a halt, reaching into her tiny bag and pulling out her tiara. She groaned in frustration. When at last she was convinced there was nothing more to be done, she straightened and put the tiara on. There had been a time when her own city had been similar. She could hear the murmurs of incredulity as people took in first her appearance, and then her tiara. At seventeen, the only thing Brianna should have been worried about was marriage. She had prided herself on her independence, on her ability to think for herself. When they came to a stop, she glanced down, feeling her head swim a little. The other guard reappeared and motioned her inside. Her gaze scanned the room, and once again she felt a pang of homesickness. Brianna turned, a little too quickly, at the sound of a delicate, feminine voice. A fortnight. Frowning, and slightly confused by the interruption, Brianna turned around to face the person from who the deep voice had come. Brianna's eyes narrowed. Their voices were rising, and Brianna's world was spinning. Summary: (Slash M/M) Macario's life is a mess. Warning: There is attempted rape in this chapter! A/N: This is my first EVER attempt at slash. So, I'm gay. Anyway, yeah, I'm gay. So Arsenio, that's my brother, is twenty-seven. See, my brother's best friend is Kale. I muttered darkly gazing at the clock. So really, I knew this was going to be the longest night of my life. I stared at the clock for what seemed like hours. Slowly, very slowly, I stood and made my way to the door. Oh yeah, another reason I hate him. he said quietly. He asked stripping off his coat and tossing it over the couch. He asked with a lazy grin. He shouted pushing me onto my back. I closed my eyes tightly as his lips claimed mine. He looked completely shocked. A/N: How was it? Warning: This story is rated M for the following:Graphic content including: gore, horror, male x male sex, violence, langugeA/N: I know, I know. With a swift motion of his arm, and a little bit of magic, Lysander threw the Demon off and regained his composure in the allotted seconds. Angels never killed. In a split second, the tables turned. With a brilliant white flash of light, Decadence continued falling into nothingness, but Lysander had long disappeared. Whitney said, turning away from me and back to the TV. Whitney rolled her eyes at the exact moment my front door burst open. I shrugged my shoulders. I shrugged again. I said, wiggling my eyebrows. Whitney reminded me, patting me on the back before squeezing beside me inside the refrigerator door. This whole  thing started earlier in the year, after I'd gotten dumped by Tim, this guy I'd been dating for about oh, three days. Whitney's fateful day occurred two years before, when she'd wandered onto the elevator out of pure curiosity while waiting for a business meeting to start. Erin's story, while a little wilder, was generally the same. Now, according to my friends, it was my turn to visit the magic elevator. Whitney's eyes widened from her spot next to me. I sighed. Whitney grinned from her spot at the fridge, reached in and grabbed a can of half-eaten pineapple, then followed behind us. I looked up again and the towering mass of brick and glass stared back at me, taunting me. Guaranteed, I'd get on the elevator and the only person who'd speak to me would be an 80-year-old woman. I sighed. Erin said firmly, pushing me towards the door. I shouted, throwing my hands down to my sides and marching towards the revolving door. I said, turning back towards the door. I rolled my eyes. As I approached the elevator, my stomach started the nervous fluttering from earlier and I had to take a deep breath to steady myself. I stepped in, relieved that no one was around to follow behind me. I sighed. My heart pumped erratically in my chest as I waited anxiously for the doors to open. I didn't see my dream man waiting on the other side of the golden doors, however. I froze. I replied politely. I shouted, practically ripping the hair out of my head. The elevator doors opened on the thirtieth floor and I was too busy trying to escape to notice that while I was the only one getting off, someone else was getting on. I looked up and met the most gorgeous set of green eyes I have ever seen in my life. I said, looking away from him. Why did I have to be such a cold, hard bitch? While he was talking, I was practically staring a hole into his head like he was Tupac alive and in the flesh once again. Hey, it wasn't much, but at least I was trying. It hit me on the twenty-first floor. I was excited for a minute before I remembered that I'd totally killed the mood only seconds before. I said, not knowing what else I was supposed to respond with. Oh God, I'd completely freaked him out just by standing next to him. It was blatantly obvious that he was trying to avoid my eyes. I caught a glimpse of Whitney and Erin standing outside the revolving door, but I stopped in my tracks. What? Was I supposed to respond? My breath caught in my throat as I looked up at him and giggled nervously. He smiled his brilliant smile again and I practically melted into a puddle of goo right in front of him. I nodded, determined, and gripped his hand just a little tighter, because I could. He laughed and I blushed when I realized he was still holding my hand as he pulled me from the doors and onto the sidewalk. They looked at each other and grinned, then scurried off to a Chinese restaurant across the street. The man smiled back at me and squeezed my hand again, which he was still holding. Then again, the way he was looking at me was sort of promising. Oh. My cheeks were flaming hot and I knew what I must look like, blushing like a little girl. I stared at him as he turned to go. He stopped in his tracks and turned on his heels, a huge smile on his face. Even my toes were warm as I felt his hand against mine, our skin touching ever so gently. I guess the look in my eyes was all the reassurance he needed, because I felt him suck in his breath, then relax as he leaned against me and took my face in his hands. Kyle squeezed my hand again and oh, I could have died right there on the spot. Author's Note - Aww, it's just so sweet! I know it was cheesy, but in my opinion, there's always a little bit of magic involved when two people fall in love. Summary: A 'mistake' by the new secretary places archenemies Charlie Lyle and Dalton Parrish in the same dorm for their entire junior year. It was a bit of stretch to say that Charlie Lyle and Dalton Parrish were different. The school blamed it on a new secretary that mixed up the files, not realizing that Charlie was indeed a Charlotte. Deep down, Charlie really did not think that Dalton was a low-life scoundrel that took advantage of the others around him and Dalton really did not think that Charlie was a frigid bitch that needed to lighten up. Charlie is a 16-year-old girl who was used to get her way. Dalton is a 17-year-old boy who didn't work for a thing in his life. It was the moving in day at Winters Academy in Massachusetts, and per usual, Charlie was sitting in the hallway, surrounded by boxes with a book in hand. His breath felt hot on her neck as his fingers played with the lace on her shirt. Oh yes, Charlie Lyle was reading a smutty romance novel! Charlie scowled, grabbing her book and tossing it in her bag. Dalton took a deep breath, watching her walk away as he felt his pants tighten almost painfully. He knew it was love when they were five and playing in the sandbox, he threw some sand at her, getting some in her eye and she began to wail. Dalton exclaimed, walking up to her and helped her to her feet. Charlie's best friend, Bethany Ann Joanna Adams, or Baja for short. Charlie explained, putting some of her books on the bookshelf by her bed. All that changed when Baja came in sophomore year. Baja was pretty, vivacious and sweet, a completely 180 to Charlie's plain, boring and more sour than sweet. It was then that Charlie began to think of Dalton again. Dalton was a lot of things, but not even Charlie could deny his determination and ambition. All of this was during autumn, but when winter came around, it was time for the boxing, wrestling and mixed martial arts. As you can probably tell, Charlie is Associate, while Delilah Greenwood, someone dorkier than Charlie, was Editor in Chief. She said as Charlie turned around to see Dalton Parrish standing against the wall with a great big smirk on his face. you love me". the big deal anyway? have my swimmers". Also: In Australia. For starters, my brother wasn't lost; he was merely very elusive and managed to run off with his best friend (who happened to be vacationing in the same country as us) without shouting out so much as a  as he left. I shot the man a weak smile and shoved a chocolate bar in Lori's hand. I hadn't considered that. What was currently surprising me was the fact that Lori hadn't made any kind of attempt at Julian. And sure enough, when he pushed open double doors, I gasped in delight. I heard him say. Julian agreed. My body was frozen, my brain not having decided how to react to Julian's touch. Me? My cousin muttered something that sounded suspiciously like 'what kind of services? But jealous I was, and I couldn't help but note that Julian was being his nice old self towards Christine, politely asking her what restaurants nearby were enjoyed by tourists, how long she'd been working at the hotel, and. It was then that I realized what Lori was referring to. I frowned as I looked back toward the two, who were whispering furious insults at each other. Lori asked. While Julian and Lori - their previous blow-up forgotten - argued about whether the purple and orange shoes of the man at the next table was the next fashion trend (oh God, please no! I was too shocked by Julian's words and expression to do anything to help. I was yanked out of my thoughts. I was right, because the sound of chortling reached me as I slumped in my chair, glaring at the spot where my precious box had sat. Lori turned towards the wide glass windows of the hotel lobby; the Eastern view showed us a large expanse of beach. I continued weighing in silence as I considered. Lori drawled, rolling her eyes. Lori scowled. True to my luck, or lack thereof, the first person I saw was Julian. Julian said as he looked up with a smile. From the corner of my eye, I saw Christine squeeze herself tighter against Julian. I looked like shit. She grinned. I opened my mouth to call her out on her lie but I ended up running for the toilet instead. She lifted my wrist from under the thin cotton blankets and squeezed gently. When I woke again, it was dark outside and the curtains were still. It was sweet. He pulled my head down so that my ear was at his lips. For one thing, Julian and I were sharing the same bed. Mrs. Tanner seemed to have reached the same conclusion as the boys, because she looked at a loss for words. I explained, pushing the sheets away from me. My brother, however, did not look as pleased. I couldn't blame them though; friendship was the strongest ship in the port. Julian shot me a grin that made my legs feel weak. Julian's lips found my forehead. By the time she shut up and we snuggled into our beds (we were sharing a room with two double beds) I was beginning to feel insecure about my new 'relationship'. Again, I found myself mentally berating myself for rushing into things. She sat up then, pulling her pillow onto her lap. I covered my mouth to hold in a giggle and lay down on the bed again. Somehow, our little conversation had pushed aside my worries over my new relationship with Julian, and I felt myself smiling before a yawn took me to the edge of drowsiness, and drowsiness led to sleep. So the two of us has headed upstairs to tell our families of our change of plans before leaving. I patted his cheek before leaning against him as I watched the kangaroos hop around doing. Although, judging by the look of longing some teenage girl was shooting in Julian's direction, she definitely found it attractive. I nodded, feeling stupid. When we were done touring the place, we embarked on a hunt for our parents. When the waiter came back, everyone placed their orders and I was the last person he came to. George gagged and began complaining about this 'unnecessary touching and shit', but he was cut off by a band beginning to play. It was only after my parents started staring in our direction that I realized the music had gotten louder. The woman seemed to be the main attraction, playing high and long solos that were occasionally joined in by the clarinet, while the violin player chimed in at the end of each section to add drama to the piece. the violinist exclaimed, shoving his instrument at the clarinet player to examine my head. I told the violinist. I slipped my hand into his larger one. On our last day in Australia, I was extremely touchy-feely with Julian. He pulled me closer to quickly peck my lips. It turned out that Julian had arranged to have his car at the door so he could come with us to the airport. I looked up at him in surprise and then read the paper. Julian pushed my hair back again, frowning at the tangles. Because in my hand sat a small belly piercing ornament, the top part a small koala bear, with the dangling bit a red crystal heart. Thank you to everyone for your patience while I went off on vacation and ditched FictionPress. in a forsaken compartment. "Er. Alys is faceless, voiceless. Being nothing more than an ever shifting shadow is an art she mastered long ago. But there's one she despises most of all; a predator hidden amongst a flock of sheep. In the madness of Alys' anger; in the hatred and repulsion for those around her- she accidently leaves a sketchbook behind containing the truths of her school; the corruption, the embezzlements, the people around drawn as their true selves. Hayden has found the most beautiful puppet, a girl who can see anyone for what they truly are- even him. She would be his little puppet, doing as he bid, and he would help her get her retribution. One that might not be as it seemed. . I draw the people I hate at school. And there I sit, watching point blank, as this disturbing and chaotic institute houses all these hormonal schizophrenics, still convincing us all it's a high school and not Asylum. Of course I see through all of this, not that it's that hard, because I've been here from start to finish. I heard it all, bits and pieces of it, but enough to know what was circulating the school. I shifted my weight to my palm and continued darkening the eyes. My pencil glided over some shapes, darkening the color and making it stand out greater against the white of the paper. But that was all the little trivial stuff; the mundane stuff that even I felt reluctant to draw. But what I truly craved- above all else- was the true self of those around me. No, what I wanted was hidden in their actions, subliminal movements and messages that meant so much more. A voice was trying to be heard over the noise and I glanced up to see our small little man of a teacher, trying to bring order to the room. I heard more noise and my eyes glanced under their lashes to see that Shannon had indeed blessed us with her presence. Everyone mumbled and groaned as they knew the lesson was about to begin. She tried to hide her face which bore no makeup as she floated just beneath the water's surface. She knew this; knew how others saw her, even her own farther, but couldn't manage to save herself, to change herself. It was her fake bra that was gushing water amongst the school beneath- drowning all the oblivious and idiotic students against its depths. The page finished folding over the loner kid- the boy who hides himself under the bleachers but yet no one knew who he was; we only saw him at assemblies. Did I ever mention I drew people for who they truly were? . She knew the cynics in her life didn't believe it; after all, she was only seventeen. At seventeen, she and her boyfriend, Trevor Scott, were already planning their life together. Her head told her that taking the next step in their relationship was risky. Riley wrapped her arms around Trevor's neck, pulling his lips down to hers. Non-Serious Hostage SituationChapter 1: The Beginning	 I ran the list through my head again. Alex cleared his throat when the guy working the coaster announced that they could take off their seatbelts. Probably realizing she couldn't keep the people in line waiting much longer, Charlie stirred and blinked her brown eyes up at him sleepily. In an effort to save the act, Alex grabbed Charlie's hand and pulled her down the ramp toward the exit sign where she immediately collapsed against him, laughing freely and loudly, clapping her hands in her mirth. Alex frowned. He opened his mouth to say something but the words dried up in his throat as he realized that a part of him wished the same. The last time they'd all hung out as a group was just two-and-a-half weeks ago, in his living room. Alex then looked up from the article he wasn't reading and into Rachel's knowing eyes. Charlie had given him a small smile then, totally unaware of the glances the rest of their friends were exchanging. After a minute, Alex pulled back a little and rested his forehead on hers, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear, admiring the freckles that dusted her cheeks and the bridge of her nose. And Charlie just knew she would've noticed if he'd been touchy before because she was a touchy person and touchy people always discovered each other quickly and, you know, cuddled and stuff. Charlie hadn't forgotten, just like she hadn't forgotten the way Alex had looked at her when he sort of promised to take care of her two-and-a-half weeks ago, but she did wonder how much fun they'd have together, just the two of them. But maybe she should have left him to celebrate his birthday alone (for alone he would have spent it, if it weren't for her. Still, Charlie had to admit she was having a lot of fun. The line moved forward and Charlie's stomach twisted in knots. Charlie replied, sticking her chin up defiantly, and he smirked. The guy grinned at her and Charlie blushed as he ran a hand through his blonde hair. she mumbled as he handed her the pin, folding her fingers around it for her. Charlie hmmed in response and did the same. Charlie snickered and covered his mouth with her hand. Charlie replied, grinning brightly, and Alex felt his cheeks flush. she said with a small smile, and Alex's heart lurched. Something must have shown on his face because Charlie stopped smiling and walked over to where he was still standing by the door. he said as Charlie looked up at him expectantly. Charlie, always one to be delighted by any sort of silliness, dropped her hands and laughed at him. Alex corrected with a roll of his eyes. Not wanting to argue with her, Alex simply rolled his eyes and dragged her with him to the podium where he asked for a table for two. Charlie offered, producing a tiny bottle out of her bag. Charlie was interrupted by someone clearing their throat. She smiled at him seductively and Charlie was torn between glaring at her and snickering at Alex's obvious discomfort. the waitress said, smiling coyly. Charlie hmmed, looking over the dessert menu with apparent interest. When their orders came, they ate in comfortable silence, and Alex thought contently that all he needed in life was good food with good people. Charlie cleared her throat and he dragged his eyes up to her face. Charlie's eyes brightened immediately and he knew he'd said the right thing. Just when she felt he was about to pull away, she dragged his head back down to hers, and he groaned softly, dragging her up into his lap and pressing her back against the side of the table. Alex's breathing was ragged when he broke away and stared at her with his green eyes cloudy and dark. He just nipped at her neck defiantly. he said simply, and slid her gently off his lap. Charlie said petulantly, taking vicious bites of her cheesecake and meeting his eyes defiantly after every one. She started kissing him softly back and the rollercoaster was back in his stomach. Charlie said, her cheeks burning brightly. Alex stilled her hand with his own and shook his head. Best birthday ever. p. p. Summary: When your male best friend can predict when you're on your period better than you can, you know there's something wrong. I said wryly. I sighed, leaning up against my bathroom wall as I considered my outfit. Not to be confused with David Beckham, although they are both equally attractive. Derrick had been a coworker of mine since I started working at my new job the year before. As soon as Derrick caught sight of me, he grinned widely. Everyone but family (and Jake) calls me Mel. I replied cheerfully. And he dropped it. I said, laughing slightly. See what a lovely relationship we have? Derrick said with a nod. I caught the implication, but I'm not exactly sure Derrick did. I was finding it hard to believe that he could be so oblivious. If looks could kill, I would have died then and there. I said a little wryly as soon as she was out of ear shot. He smiled a little hesitantly, opening his menu. Whoa, low blow. He blushed furiously, attempting to shush me. I said easily, cutting him off. There was an awkward silence for a few seconds before I sighed, rolling my eyes at our ridiculousness. I said a little wryly. I shrugged. I yanked out my phone with no hesitation, turning it on and dialing in the number even as I felt tears well up in my eyes. I suddenly burst into tears. So I explained the situation as I leaned again the counter in the bathroom, waiting for him to get there. I ran over to the door, diving out to hug him. His eyes flashed briefly, but he just sighed and nodded. I blurted in shock. He just grinned. So, to be honest, I think I went in a completely different direction with this than most people would have. A/N: I know, I know—I have other unfinished stories, and I should be finishing those up instead of posting a new one. This is an older story of mine that I recently discovered sitting dormant somewhere in chapter three. If you can bear with me through the first paragraph-ish or so –lame beginning, don't know what I was thinking—we might have some potential. Melissa shot her best friend a dirty look. she said again. He glanced at her hand before sitting up and taking it, shaking it with a sort of amused half smile on his face. She searched her brain for something to say but she found it was extremely empty. She smiled. According to Melissa's mother, he had his own issues, however, like the ones that had his father considering rehab for him over the summer. Melissa thought they were all being a little dramatic, but Brian didn't seem to care. Melissa noticed and shot April a look. And Melissa didn't care. But there was just something missing, something that just wasn't there. Melissa's gaze wandered over to the Harrison yard and she spotted Seth sitting at the base of a tree, holding a book. Melissa felt like an idiot sitting in a dark living room peeking through the curtain to the front yard at her neighbor's house, yet there she sat, spying on her neighbor for no good reason at all. She had never found smoking attractive. She felt the ridiculous urge to shiver and it had nothing to do with the weather. She didn't know how to respond to that comment so she just hugged herself tighter and looked around, wondering what in the world possessed her to walk out there. she said without thinking. Then he stopped leaning against the house and moved closer, his movements reminding her of a panther stalking its prey. For reasons Melissa couldn't admit, the only song her CD player played the next morning as she got ready for school was Music of the Night from her Phantom of the Opera soundtrack. The sense of unease was back. By the time she was putting her backpack on she was able to objectively question her priggish reaction to the whole ordeal. Seth must have been inwardly laughing so hard at her with her sensitivity to him touching her arm. That was an actual conversation she overheard between the school slut and her friend, a school slut in training. Melissa just rolled her eyes and kept walking. She saw him right away, and she could almost see how the other girls threw self-respect to the wind and flocked around him like dogs awaiting a crumb at the dinner table. Always alert to everything around him, Seth's gaze casually went to the door to see the new arrival, but his gaze sharpened slightly when he saw Melissa and he gave a tiny smile. And if you're swimming in sterotypes, never fear-- if you haven't read any of my stories, I will assure you, all of my characters develop actual personalities. Nicola Atkins was the one girl in her whole high school whom everybody loved. She turned her head around and came face-to-face with Aaron Farris. He bit his bottom lip, and this tempted Nicola to squeeze his cheeks. They started walking to their next classes, their elbows rubbing every time they swayed their arms. Brittany Perkins was their school's typical cheerleader. Aaron chuckled, his voice soft but deep, before he stretch his arms out and rested the palms of his hands behind his neck. Nicola stopped midway when she realized Aaron wasn't listening to her anymore. Nicola rolled her eyes. She heard a laugh from the other line of the phone, a calming and relaxed chuckle. She told him to text her the address of the club, and he did, quite quickly for that matter. Aaron looked away when he said that, avoiding eye contact, and Nicola knew he was still a little bit hurt with their immediate break-up. Grinning, Aaron stepped closer to her and slung an arm around her shoulders as they walked back to her car, their hips poking one another. Nicola immediately felt a tug, a bad tug, at her heart. A number of people cooed at Aaron's words, but Nicola wasn't one of them. Nicola kept her gaze at Aaron, while his eyes scanned the whole club probably looking for Kylie. The chorus was a stab to Nicola's heart. His voice reverberating, Aaron looked at the whole crowd, and through the spark in his eyes, thanked the audience for the warm support they gave him. Best friends don't affect each other like this, she thought and then gasped at her realization. After a few awkward embraces between Kylie and Nicola, the latter, along with her date, left the club and headed over to the BMW parked right by the street. Nicola mentally cursed herself for blushing and actually smiling at the compliment/joke. Justin laughed with the way Aaron was acting. They walked back to their table and continued the conversation. Aaron nodded, smiled, and took out four hundred-dollar bills. That was Nicola, and she was back. So did I, Nicola thought to herself. Kylie's eyes never lost their glimmer, and it was starting to affect Nicola. In return, Aaron simply laughed and settled his arm around his best friend's shoulders. Nicola thinned her lips. Aaron took a heavy breath – one which Nicola felt against her skin and made her exhale as deeply. He then looked down at Nicola to give her a small, soft smile. Nicola laughed. Nicola looked up and met his eyes. Nicola could only blink up at him. He bent his head down, and captured her lips in a soft, fragile kiss. This is a MAJOR update! HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE! Fifth grade came, and I was still in my 'Disney Princesses' stage. These 'accidents' continued until we reached High School, and every year he'd just say that the both of us wearing complementary costumes were just coincidences. When we were freshmen, I tried something different. Now I was faced with the same problem. I turned around. She was wearing hot pink lingerie and a pair of huge magenta wings. Theo was Haley's boyfriend who was also Adam's best friend. I only laughed at what she said. I rolled my eyes although he wasn't able to see that since my face was covered with my own Lego head. His voice was muffled because of the head gear, and I was in the process of giving him some smartass quip, but Haley interrupted me even before I was able to start talking. Then she left, just like that. I pursed my lips at that, so my theory has always been right. He began rubbing the back of his neck, clearly nervous because of my scrutiny. I almost choked on my drink, Sprite mixed with vodka. Damn. I then realized that I needed to change the topic and quick, but not even my own body and mind would let me. Why hadn't I fell this way around him before? I didn't know what was happening, but a few people around us stopped what they were doing to turn and face us. He cradled the edges of my Lego head, bringing it up, so that I could finally feel the coldness of the air-conditioned room. I smiled instinctively at that. And carefully, Adam placed both his hands on each of my hips and pulled me closer to him. I noticed that we were getting closer to his car - a pick-up truck - and he was reaching for something at the trunk. And it took us a while before we went back inside the house. Hey everyone! to. friends"! school wrestling tournament. Hey everybody! Anyways the idea for this story was inspired by a post I saw on tumblr so I don't take credit for the idea. I slip my legs out of bed and stumble over towards the bathroom. The water pours down my body and loosens all my muscles. I begrudgingly turn off the shower and step out. Jesus Christ! My feet pad along the light brown carpeting and hit white tile as I find the kitchen. My stomach twisted into a tight knot as I thought about my mom. Walking back into my room I brush my teeth and grab my back pack, checking that I have all my books. I step onto it and pay the driver. The sun is shinning today, which is a surprise considering it's mid January. , she smiles brightly at me. Shouldering my pack up on to my back again, I start walking the opposite direction, towards my English class. I already know where he's leading me, towards the back of the school where no one ever comes. Our footsteps were loud as we broke twigs and our shoes crunched on the rocks. He growled at me, actually growled and jumped on top of me, pinning my hands above my head with one of his. I slowly looked down dreading what I would see. It was supposed to be Amanda! We sit there for a while, too long for me to remember. he breathes out quietly. How could he possibly be my. He's one of the popular kids, so of course when I first moved here it was easy for him to isolate me. What am I supposed to do? I could talk to Matt. My dad is sitting at the table looking through our bills and I can tell that he's stressed. I close my eyes and Matt's confused face is staring back at me. His bewildered expression morphs into the sickly face of my mom. had not made it. warmth behind him. nodded. you, Cassian. A/N - Hey everyone! ! It was a typical Friday night. The club was dimly lit, the dance floor occasionally lit with sporadic bursts of neon light. Across the room, I spied a hot young blonde. I swore silently. I growled. I plundered his mouth, and Adam moaned. I said, slapping some bills on the counter for my drink and dragging him out of the building. The chilly September air replaced the sweltering, humid air of the club. Flashing lights. English was always my favorite subject, as it came really easy to me. His classroom was in Building A second floor I had never had a class there. The tallest one looked at me. The other two turned to look at me as well. I looked at her like she was mental, I mean she did realize that he was a teacher right? I reached for the door handle and opened the door still shaking my head. Good god his voice was so seductive. I managed to squeak out. He winked at me sending me into another bout of fluttery feelings. Bethany my best friend. We sat in the front. Soon more and more students started entering, all the girls having the same reaction we did, heck even some of the guys were. Giggling ensued. The rest of the day passed without much incident. I rummaged through my bag, but couldn't find it. Great. Victoria, I assumed her name was, was gorgeous. I looked up. She moved towards him seductively and I blushed. I blushed furiously, never more thankful that I was in the dark. He glared at her and that only made my heart beat faster, such a strong gaze. He sighed and placed his hand through his hair. A circle of our fellow students was surrounding us, drawn by the spectacle Will was making of himself . Suddenly, Will pulled away, and grabbing my shirtfront, began slamming my petite frame up against the lockers at my back. Although Ferrington Heights was indeed on the verge of being literally pint-sized, it was more of an advantage than a disadvantage to its few citizens. And that's where Finleigh Genevieve fit into the framework of our little town. I can't say that I just acknowledged Genevieve's existence completely in that one instance. However, my OCD got worse. Eleven and three became my closest imaginary friends. Lights were switched on and off, three times when those inanimate objects come-to-life started to intrude upon my thoughts. As my OCD worsened, so apparently did my family life. Of those who have suffered most from my disability besides my brave and courageous mother, my sister has, to say the least, endured the most. Why? Published to showcase original posting date. Large raindrops pounded the windshield as the wipers struggled to fend them off. I turned up the volume on the radio as the rain slackened. I settled back and hummed along with the radio as the rain eased a little more. Trembling from head to toe and heart pounding in my chest, I eased the door open and stepped out of the car. I thanked him and closed my phone. I cooed, wanting to do nothing but comfort her. The tiny hairs on the back of my neck – the ones underneath my pony tail – stood erect as I froze on the pavement. I straightened and peered at the trees lining the road. Then I spotted the dark shadow creeping low to the ground along the tree line. My eyes followed the predator's progress as it leapt nimbly over the shallow ditch running the length of the road. Although it avoided the rays of light emitting from my head lights, I could tell it was indeed a cat. A low, guttural growl rumbled in the big cat's throat and shook my core. My trembling hands found the door handle and yanked, the door pushing my body out of the way. David Logan stepped out of his cruiser and knelt before the still struggling doe. he said. He frowned and slipped an arm over my shoulders. I nodded and he slammed the door. I said as I tried to return his smile. I leaned against the door and admired my tiny apartment. I started as something brushed my legs. I dropped my bag and keys on the cute little table near the door. The water turned cold and I wrapped up in a fluffy towel. A/N: Okay, so since my last rant on the epi of Vicious Circles, I decided to post this story that I wrote last summer just for myself and never, ever intended to post. I sighed, glancing back at the storefront. I hated myself for taking this dare. She dragged me through the metal bar-covered door with a devilish grin, and I couldn't help but be reminded of my ex-boyfriend when he thought of something particularly nasty. Mentally, I grimaced. he said again, holding out his hand to shake. My first sign of horrible luck was the confused furrow of Matty's brow. I winced, just wanting to shrivel up and die. The first thing I took into account was his height. Then I saw his eyes. I whispered when I finally found my voice. he confirmed. I can think of several things. Surprisingly, the conversation was loosening me up. The one in the righthand corner looked the most like what I expected. I put down the binder and gazed at the box of jewelry. And then he was looking at me expectantly. I got nervous all over again. I'll tell you what else was torturing me. No. HOLD. That was most certainly not what I'd been planning to ask. Just. Both hands were on me again, still clad in that dreadful latex. He started to make this nearly unbearable pinching motion just beneath my clit with his thumb and his forefinger. I sobbed, covering my face. I went quiet, thinking about it for a moment. Something tingled in my brain. And he did it again. He knew what he was doing. And I had a flashback to Conner, my ex. Nick started to make a corkscrew motion, twisting his fingers this way and that, and my eyes rolled back into my head, insane with the sensations. What are you doing! I don't know. He breathed on me. I sighed, hands releasing the paper sheet to reach for his hair. His thumbs slid to my folds, and he spread me wide, exposing the most sensitive part of my body to the open air and his warm breath. And then his tongue dipped out. Would he really be that big? The next lick was more daring-a swipe. I gasped, certain I was knotting his hair with my fingers. It had all happened so fast. Without warning, the orgasm attacked me. I whispered, the embarrassment finally hitting me. I don't know. He took advantage of my open mouth and crushed his lips to mine, earning a startled squeak out of me. It was the first time I realized just how soft his lips were. The kisses grew deeper, his tongue battling mine for dominance. Oh. His fingers found the buttons of my shirt, hot mouth moving down my jaw to my neck. A complete stranger. Hungrily, his mouth latched onto my nipple, and I shrieked in wild sensation, twirling my fingers in his hair again. Oh, heaven help me. That abstract tattoo on his arm continued over his shoulder and down the smooth planes of his chest, like a tribal marking. But I wasn't near finished. I heard his shoes come off, watching him yank off his socks which joined the ever-growing pile of our clothing in the corner. It was so full. I came with a fire so intense, I thought I might actually kill myself in the process. I hadn't felt this at ease in. At first, I thought he might have choked. For a moment, I just stared at him in confusion. I gaped at him for a moment longer before a delirious giggle bubbled out of me. Making love. Blushing, I ducked my head and set about finding all my clothes. A male prostitute? Halfway through the door though, I was snagged back, Nick's hand latched onto my wrist. My face heated up again, this time with joy, and I nodded, making the slow trek back into the main room with a new spring to my stride. Except I didn't expect to see Amy and Matt so soon. Her eyebrows raised for a moment, as if scrutinizing me-testing me, and then she shrugged, seeming to think I was only mortified from the experience. His number was there, of course. I mumbled to my older cousin, Tiffany, as she led me down a back alley. Sometimes Tiff could be the most feebleminded person I could think of. Tiff cheerfully announced while I sighed impatiently. I hissed, my mood absolutely foul. Tiff was rambling. I wasn't even speaking to any of those people. And my friends? Of course, I would never slit my wrists no matter how depressed I was. Tiff had told me just yesterday, after I had poured my problems to her. I asked, annoyed. Tiffany was a very pretty person. Oh, but her boyfriend. However, as much as I wanted him, I would never take him since he was, after all, my cousin's boyfriend. I had dirty blonde hair that I preferred to simply call brown, because being called  reminded me too much of blonde jokes. Tiffany flashed me a grin, leaned over, and grabbed hold of a corner of the sign. I trailed off when Tiff turned the knob and, just like a door, the square imprint on the ground opened. she laughed at my expression and went down feet first on what I assumed was a ladder. Oh well. Tiff muttered from beside me. I heard Tiffany join me. a large, broad shouldered man with a shaved head suddenly appeared, blocking my sight of the club. Tiffany grinned. grinned Tiff as she grabbed my hand and led me into the club. I heard Al say from behind me, but when I turned to look at him, he was already occupied with some new arrivals. I started at an intruding voice behind me and spun around to see an. he told me, then he slipped behind me and slid his arms around my waist as he began dancing with me, making me swerve to the beat with him. Uptight? Deciding I needed to unwind, as he had said, and that I had to prove to him that I wasn't a boring goody-goody, I placed my hands on his arms and grinded back into him, emitting a sharp inhale from him. he practically purred into my ear, and just like that, I felt his body's absence. Elias shrugged one shoulder,  he smirked and I shot him a dull look. I felt my cheeks heat up and I looked down at my lap. the young man hissed. he grinned back, winking at me. he asked me. I hesitated, then decided. I said, then looked away, feeling slightly unsure about this. he winked at me once more, then went off to make the alcoholic drink. Sisk said, noting my hesitant expression. Sisk stopped and blinked at me, looking slightly surprised. I sighed and looked away, then tapped my glass against an empty one. Weird guy. I looked down and nodded. I was, to put it nicely, completely shit faced. I mumbled something even I couldn't understand and leaned against Sisk, pressing my forehead into his shoulder. Sisk grabbed my head and made me look at him. I blinked up at him lazily. Angrily, I ripped myself away from him and landed back on the couch, letting out a grunt when a wave of dizziness washed over me and I leaned over the arm of the couch, prepared to throw up. he asked me, his voice low and angry like a growl. I suddenly placed my hands on his chest, then roughly shoved him backwards. I grunted, then turned around and caught sight of the hot as hell boy from earlier. As soon as he was closer to me, I walked up behind him, grabbed his shoulder, and spun him around. I was slightly insulted that he appeared to not want me. The pink and black haired young man lightly set me down on the couch, but I grabbed his arms and pulled him down with me. He disappeared into the crowd, leaving me perplexed and wondering. The socialites standing in homogenous clusters around me were impeccably groomed, their voices cultured and pitched low. With great zeal and premature relief, one patron proclaimed and his fellows agreed that this showing signified only an unfortunate but momentary glitch in the generally unflawed complexion of the popular art scene. A singularly derisive snort of laughter from a fellow bystander drew my attention back to the center of the room, where the grotesque, triumphant piece of art was showcased. For the first time, I noticed the tray he was proffering along with his surliness. I wanted to yell something wholly inappropriate at the back of his head, but remembered my surroundings just in time. As I made my way through the door and into the narrow, dimly lit hallway, I wondered why no one had been staring at the waiter. The door slammed open against an opposing brick wall, startling a couple who were standing close together at the small patio's railing. Punk Rock asked, his deep tenor in perfect concord with his godliness. Being the voyeur that I was, I concluded that it was obvious they couldn't stand each other. Mike? Barbie—Julia, whatever—slanted me a morose smile as she walked past, and then I was alone with Punk Rock God. He laughed. Man, I sounded really angry. The expression of malcontent and longing on his face did me in. I suddenly wanted to be somewhere else. I knew before I asked. guess. Mandie and I have been friends since we were five, when I threw a ball over her fence and then tried to climb after it. Truthfully, at first I was better friends with Evan than I was with Mandie. By the time we were ten, Mandie, Evan, and I were always together. I'm not really sure what happened to Evan during his eighth grade year, but suddenly, he wasdifferent. And his best friend, Nick, wasn't any better. Anyway, the only reason I am even telling you this was because of one thing. As in, living with Evan. My mom smiled at Amy, so used to her constant chatter that it didn't even faze her. Amy said, quickly taking the bag from my mother and looking at her with tears in her emerald eyes. I said softly, hugging her back. A slimy voice said from behind me. But of course, he did. I rolled my eyes. Evan didn't say a word, but I knew he was still behind me as I walked up the stairs. But their rooms had been left untouched, since they came home every once and awhile. That was something I didn't mention, isn't it? I rolled my eyes. Evan just chuckled, then finally left. I glared. Dashers. vexing in regards to the fax machine. evidence that shows he's. indifferent. her. He hadn't left his rooms in over three weeks. There was tight-lipped kind of irony to the whole situation. In the weeks since the incident, Ashton hadn't left his chambers. It had started, really, when Ashton was first appointed as the Mage-Apprentice to the Royal Court Mage of Chastonia. Or maybe it was his Master's unswerving confidence in Ashton. Or maybe Ashton tried so hard because he wanted to be noticed by a certain someone. Prince Rhonan, second child of King Adiran, was the sort of man that everyone instinctively liked, instinctively trusted. Try as he may, Ashton soon gave up all pretenses of lying to himself. Not that it would ever come to anything. In Chastonia it was not unheard of for love-affairs to exist between men, although it was also not much approved of—seen as dirty, low—especially in the nobility. Because the Mage-Apprentice looked no more than a young boy of twelve. The Chastonian counsel was but seven members strong. Ashton understood what the Crowned Princess meant by 'weakened military state'. There was a sudden tension, thick as fog, in the counsel-chamber at the Court Mage's words. Stealing a quick glance at the Prince, Ashton was relieved that Prince Rhonan's countenance held none of the wariness exhibited by some of the other counsel members. Ashton gazed around the counsel-room, noting the counselors' reactions. And Prince Rhonan. Prince Rhonan said quietly. A vote was taken. Ashton understood the reasons why Master Ligon and Prince Rhonan would accompany the army. But Master Ligon could take care of himself, Ashton had to keep reminding himself. But what of Prince Rhonan? An orb-ring is a mage's last line of defense. A few more moments of waiting, and Prince Rhonan's personal servant opened the chamber door. Ashton stuttered self-consciously. And what company. The next morning, as the army left the Chastonian capital, Ashton stood behind the King and Crowned Princess to wish the army off. Ashton had said his brief good-byes to Master Ligon, promising to watch over the castle until his Master's return. The year that passed was one of the most nerve-wracking that Ashton had ever experience. Ashton could never make much of the weekly reports, but from the counsel meetings which he still attended, even without Master Ligon's presence, he learned that the war was going in Chastonia's favor. And then came the black day, one late summer afternoon, a year and three months from the start of the war. Prince Rhonan was laid in his bed-chambers, and attended only by the highest court healers. The scene made Ashton's heart hurt. But what caught at Ashton's attention more than anything else was the dark aura of magic radiating from his beloved's prone form. It was then that Ashton recognized the blue orb-ring on Prince Rhonan's finger. A mage's library is perhaps his most prized possession after his powers. It was not a complicated spell. But if the war's forced separation had taught him nothing else, Ashton knew that without Prince Rhonan's heart-stopping smile Ashton's existence would be meaningless. Ashton had stood here, at the entrance to Prince Rhonan's chambers for almost fifteen minutes. Ashton's blood was beginning to boil. And there it was: the real reason for the Head Healer's refusal of the young mage's aid. But none of that mattered. The young mage couldn't help but snicker. The Prince looked even worse than Ashton remembered, like a living corpse. Gently, Ashton pried open Prince Rhonan's mouth. It was a thing onto itself that chant. Time passed. The world existed only in those words. Time passed. He was in a thought-plane, Ashton realized. His Prince. Ashton called again. Ashton stated. Prince Rhonan stated quietly. But Ashton just shook his head sadly. Ashton was falling, falling for an eternity. Ashton gazed at the slumbering form before him. Ashton's voice felt craggy and dry from hours of ceaseless chanting. That was the last time that Ashton had seen the Prince, because over the next few weeks, Ashton had barricaded himself inside his mage rooms. Why would Prince Rhonan wish an audience with him? Ashton had meant the words when he'd said them. What would the Prince say? Ashton's heart shuddered. Ashton gulped. Pound the hiyit root five times. That was usually all it took for the servant's to leave. Pound! Ashton called. Of the Chastonian court, only King Adiran and Crowned Princess Elizabeth had spoken to Ashton since the Court Mage had saved Prince Rhonan's life. Which was being knocked upon for the third time now! Ashton just wanted to turn about and hide in his rooms. Ashton felt numb. Ashton stared. What was Prince Rhonan doing here? Ashton blurted out. Ashton took a quick look at Prince Rhonan then. Ashton didn't know what to say then. What a sight the Court Mage looked, Rhonan thought. Had it been real? Ashton stared at the kneeling Prince miserably. Pound the hiyit root five times: one, two, three, four, five. Ashton wasn't sure what he'd expected from Prince Rhonan. But then again he was just a stupid young mage. Master Ligon was gone. Pound! POUND! Not that Ashton noticed. Prince Rhonan's hand was still on Ashton's shoulder. Prince Rhonan's green eyes gazed upon the Court Mage, now completely covered in a fine yellow dust, except for the wet streams around his eyes attesting to the tears but a few moments earlier. Ashton understood what the silence meant. Prince Rhonan was smiling softly, his jade-green eyes shining. And Rhonan smiled. No matter how I looked at it, a blank page was a blank page. he said with a pointed look at the almost empty page. For some reason, I was annoyed. I observed my best friend of fifteen years out of the corner of my eye. I asked, half-teasingly. That discovery satisfied the inner selfishness within me, that was all. I stared up at him, startled. I gave my head a shake to clear it. He feigned hurt. Damn, it couldn't be…? The past two weeks had been hell. I turned a page without reading it. Center forward. Reid was suddenly beside me. I said anxiously, but he took no notice of me. The coach chose this moment that storm up, shouting about stupid boys and pointless fights. His mouth twisted sardonically. Of their own accord, my fingers found those of his free hand and held on. Unbelievable. I found Blake waiting outside of a still ongoing party, smoking. I sighed again after he closed the door. 10 minutes into the drive, I heard him snore softly. We were two, inseparable peas in a pod. I sighed, running a hand through my hair, while keeping one hand on the steering wheel. "I decided that maybe you meant something more than a friend since that day. I said quietly. "God, Blake! "You started distancing yourself after I came back to school. "I don't know if you know this, but you hurt me Blake. "God, I love you, Blake. "The sad part is that you don't know. I made my way to the passenger door. I sighed and rolled my eyes. His lips were everything I ever imagined them to be: soft yet chapped, gentle yet rough. I stood on my tip-toes, deepening the kiss. My knees buckled beneath me. The regret disappeared. "If I was in your place, I wouldn't have picked up the phone. I could barely make out the green in his mysterious eyes. "How are you selfish when you're willing to give yourself up so that I could find someone better? I stared into his eyes, searching for anything that might be a response to my little speech. My tongue darted to taste his snakebites. The quiet figure of the heiress to Blake Corporations stood patiently and painstakingly still as her mother continued inserting pins into the bodice of the flowy beige dress she was currently exhibiting. Aura smiled ruefully. Born with her father's burning passion for electronics, cars and speed, Aura was literally a boy stuck in a girl's body. On top of her obsession with engines and speed, the brunette was overly fond of car magazines and had an infuriating habit of peering into different car engines at the mechanic. She had to be impeccably friendly to people, had to have good manners as well as adapt an air of grace and perfection. All her life Aura had been paranoid. If there was anyone that was most feminine in the Blake household, it was Aria Faith Blake, the youngest daughter in the family. Though Aura and Aria were sisters, they had absolutely nothing in common. And though she wasn't much of a talker, she was kind and wholehearted which had made her easily liked by everyone. Grinning Aura headed to her room to change. Aura rolled her eyes; it was always James' role to bring up the unwanted and unflattering topic of her non-existent love life. she said with twinkling eyes. Crossing his arms, James could only purse his lips. Rolling her eyes, Aura could only chuckle at the goofy smile on James' face. He possessed the features and the body of a beach male model. Aura retorted. His choice of female companions these days ranged from ones that were superficial and complete gold-diggers to party-hard girls. They were only at the beginning of their first year at college. Tynan Christopher Welling pulled away from his girlfriend's groping hands, breaking their passionate kiss apart. No, Mali was the real deal. Though no matter how many times Chris had tried to get Essa and Mali to hang out, it was obvious the two would never mix. Mali said in a husky tone. Smirking, Chris could only wrap an arm around her waist. Arching a brow, the girl immediately understood what her boyfriend was saying. Passing a few booths and other tables, Mali was too preoccupied with wrapping Tynan's arms around her waist. Practically jumping out of her chair, she walked into what felt like a tonne of bricks. The second figure was the male that James had been gaping at a while ago. Only just registering the somewhat harsh command, Aura couldn't resist the urge to purse her lips. Rolling her eyes, the brunette could only stomp down the walkway for the toilets. Recollecting the way she had apologised, Tynan's irritation was renewed. Even though he had moved on from Ocean High and onto Crestworth College, he hadn't really lost his charm on the ladies. Making sure that Mali was well and truly on her way down the street in the taxi, he re-entered the cafe, his eyes fixed onto the booth where the brunette had been sitting only to find her seat empty. Of all the things roaming the earth, death is not the scariest. It was dark, as it usually was, cracked sidewalk, looking like a lighting bolt searing through the floor. Why I wasn't sprinting halfway across the city, I couldn't even begin to imagine. My eyes widened into saucers. What if this was my final good act I was supposed to do? My eyes quickly shifted left, right, and left, right again. Really. My favorite tote bag slipped from my dark hand onto the floor, I was going to regret that later. Another bang. A sharp blindingly hot pain slightly below my left clavicle shook me to the very marrow of my bones. It was not pleasant. Sirens buzzed through my funeral plans. Someone grabbed my legs, further incasing the heat in my jeans, another person grabbed my torso and my arms. A beautiful man about my age grinned at me, showing me all of his pearly whites. Saying nothing, he examined my wound and moved something around, and put another thing I couldn't see onto it. I called him a choice word. I replied savagely. I stared at him in confusion. Tiny part of brain froze in mortification. My jumbled thoughts were suddenly cut off by a flaring up of hot pain, and I jolted against the restraints. Then Adam's smiling face invaded my vision. I growled. His soft mouth firmly covered my semi-chapped lips. As if I wasn't already uncomfortably hot, him kissing me felt like I was on fire seeping from my pores. He grinned. I glowered. He raised one eyebrow. A smirk tugged at his lips. His lips captured my own in a second. I asked quietly. I gave a firm nod. I laughed. He leaned in and planted a gentle kiss on my still grime-coated forehead. Review! we were never really close like you imagine. look up at the group. thing…. to sit at my table? seat. word? conversation with me? Bergs…. Moore…". Anna, and you are…. smile. the floor. pushing past them. following. was right. pink lips, slightly chapped. minutes. up. who I am. it…". she so god damn quiet? Was the girl annoyed of me? hott. of money! and text. No! miles per hour. the tension between the two. little twit was lying to my face. opposite. Lucy looked up at the highest point of the ride and gulped. she said, stepping back out of line for the second time. She was only at the stupid amusement park because her sister begged her. Lucy knew she should be having fun, it was her birthday too, but she didn't feel like celebrating. When they died, Lucy took it hard. Mindy's looks and the way her parent's treated her made Lucy envious. Lucy replied. Lucy suggested. Mindy's friend Chandra commented. Mindy commented, smiling and twirling her hair. Lucy gasped. She tried to speak, but the words caught in her throat. he offered. Mindy replied, flashing an award winning smile. he replied. he asked, running his hand through his windblown brown hair. Lucy started walking, not really sure what was going on. Glancing at Trent out of the corner of her eye, Lucy couldn't help but admire his good looks. Trent replied. the girl behind the counter asked Lucy. When he was done, he handed the lady a twenty and smiled at Lucy. Trent asked, growing serious. All of a sudden Trent tensed. she asked. Trent sniffed the air and a huge grin broke out on his face. Trent grabbed their trays and got to his feet. After eating, they started walking around. she exclaimed. The first ball missed, but the last two went in. After taking the wolf from Trent, Lucy felt him take her hand. Lucy pointed to one of her favorite rides. The line moved quickly and soon it was their turn to ride. After trying to hold herself on her side and failing multiple times, Lucy let go and slid right up against Trent. When they got off the ride, Trent took Lucy's hand again. Thunder sounded in the distance and a streak of lightning lit up the darkened sky. Lucy noticed that most of the parking lot was deserted. she answered. Lucy asked. It was the last thing she heard before immense pain exploded behind her eyes and everything went black. Hello, all! Alright, this is just something that came to my head when I was having writers block with all my other stories. When it came time for the interview, I requested a dark room, where I couldn't be seen. I sat in my chair and waited, crossing my legs and shaking my foot up and down. After he left our small town, I disappeared off the face of the planet. The door opening brought me from my nostalgia. he said. I explained. he chuckled. unlike most magazines, we didn't edit anything which sometimes caused some problems with the more uppity stars, but after twenty years of the magazine being out, they caught the drift. It sounded like he was testing the name on his lips. I asked. he said with a laugh. "She isn't what America would call beautiful. he stopped and laughed a little. "Probably whole notebooks full. I knew the answer, but I figured everyone else would want to know as well. he paused. he said with a laugh. I didn't say I didn't, because even if he didn't know it was really me he was talking to, I wasn't going to lie to him. "Anyway, things went well for a long time. "She was with me through everything. "When I was sixteen, I had learned how to play fairly well and I had a core group of friends, mostly from band who all knew how to play different instruments. he laughed at himself, and his laugh was getting truer. he paused. he went on, ignoring the pain I could sense in him, the pain that just my name had caused. "The next morning she made me breakfast. She asked me. she said quietly. she said. I reasoned, she looked at me then. she said in a firm tone. I cried into her. usually she would end that with 'I'll always be with you,' but she didn't that time and it hurt. she said. "She was being honest when she said that I would never see her again. he said. I asked, my voice shaky. his voice was earnest and I couldn't help myself. There was a moment of confusion before his whole body tensed and he started breathing deeply. I'm not sure how long we stared at each other, but the electricity running through the room was almost tangible. He asked, amazed. I stated. he said, pulling away slightly to look at me. I whispered. I said smiling at him. I considered the hand he'd extended; rough, tanned, strong, incredibly familiar. And room he needed, I realised as he settled himself down beside me. Him rowing wasn't good. I'd prepared myself for nothing, it turned out, as I realised he wasn't making a break for it, he was still sitting next to me and…was he? So, I present to you. I offer this as sort of proof of life. I replied. New neighbors huh? I went back to reading my book. I replied. I smiled at that. New students. I went back to my book. I sighed and rested my head on my arms. To make matters worse, our teacher had a sudden relapse of breast cancer and needed emergency surgery, leaving the school to scramble for a substitute. I'm usually a pretty good student, studiously taking notes in class and all of that, but I hadn't bothered in this class for almost a week. Not. See, I'm not good at hiding my emotions. I decided to let my mind wander as the sub's annoying voice droned on and on. Well at least that's what I'm told. Dave, on the other hand, is just like our mom. Oh did I also mention I'm short and dumpy? I shouldn't complain so much. My mind drifted again and landed on another topic that had been troubling me lately: my group of so-called friends. Some of it was due to the fact that I was taking more advanced classes than ever. Ok this was a path I didn't want to go down quite yet. I looked at the clock. Yeah random thought but it was that time in the school year when everything had settled into a predictable routine. Wow did I just think that? I heard muffled giggles as he took his seat. he replied. Ben. He was the new neighbor Dave met last night. I shook my head. Part of the editing process is about taking a break and re-reading your edits and cutting out superfluous moments. I'm writing on this one again. The road ahead of me resembled a work of art. I knew this land, though, better than I knew the college town where I lived. It was late May, and the fresh scent of mowed grass teased my nose when I turned onto yet another unlit dirt road. I was free from the stress of finals, from the fear of being late for class, and especially free from the oppressive rants of my chauvinistic Comparative Religions professor. I relaxed once more, allowing the clean country air to work its magic. I felt a strong sense of loyalty to my backwards, Bible-toting state. His beat-up red truck was parked on the gravel driveway, and I parked directly behind it. The planter on the porch barely concealed the spare house key. The house was black, but I saw two glowing eyes in the darkness. I scrubbed his ears and clamped my hand around his snout, trying to hush his yips of elation. I glanced up to see Dad leaning against the doorway to the hall, wearing his pajamas and a grin the size of Texas. I held onto him for as long as I could. The refrigerator's door creaked open and the light blinked on, buzzing like a mosquito trap. Murphy sat at my feet, sharp blue eyes peering up at me in expectation. With the house key in my pocket, I slipped out into the night as quietly as I could. Beyond the grassy plains surrounding our land was a thick tangle of trees that, as a child, I called the Great Beyond. The faint light of the moon was the only illumination I needed, weaving through the familiar worn walkways. About half a mile into the moon-bathed forest, a tree house was nestled high in the branches of a massive, leafy tree. Wooden floorboards creaked beneath my sneakers and I had to hunch over to enter the playhouse. The first pages portrayed Dad and Mom, kissing on the porch of our house. She was young, missing two teeth, with her golden blonde hair drawn into pigtails. It was an acutely important photo, for me, and I lingered on it the longest. As the photos progressed, Mom became more sallow and peeved. Victoria, or Tori, as I called her, looked so lively in her last photo. Several weeks after her twentieth birthday, Tori vanished. Before her disappearance, my straight-A sister lived at home with her family and commuted an hour to school twice a week. The state was upheaved, for a few weeks after the police report was filed. A shudder disrupted the sweetness of the moment – a shudder that rockd the ground and caused the entire playhouse to shake. I couldn't descend the rope ladder quickly enough. My feet hit the ground and Murphy rallied around my ankles, whining and writhing like he was on fire. The decision was made for me, though, when light spilled through the forest once more. Their garbled speech met my ears and immediately I questioned what language they were speaking. Dammit, I thought, and closed my eyes even tighter against the threat of discovery. Author's Note: I don't want to say too much up here before the story even starts, but basically this is a rewrite of a story I posted and finished in early 2011. I opened my eyes and my surroundings slowly formed in front of me. Then I saw something move and my eyes frantically searched for details, but all I could make out was what seemed to be the head and shoulders of a man walking towards the wreck. The paramedics ran to the car, calling something to whoever was in there still, ignoring me or not noticing me. Then I woke up. It was as average a day as any other as I walked across the campus to get to the main building of the school. Helena. My palms itched and I turned on my heel, facing the girls in an instant. The first girl who had spoken had light brown hair in perfectly placed ringlets and flawlessly applied make up. she said, attempting to sound confident. Instantly she seemed to regret what she said, not for the shame of insulting someone's dead parents or the moral aspect, but mostly because she seemed to be afraid of my reaction. Mia stomped a foot to the ground and stuck her nose up in the air with vicious delight. Before she could say another word, my fist flew through the air and punched her square in the nose. Suddenly I was being pulled off by a teacher, my body no longer cold and angry but somewhat…relieved. I sat there in deafening silence. Distantly a phone rang a number of times, and nobody answered it. A voice asked, forcing me to sit bolt upright. Oliver Grant stood in the doorway, his rosy cheeks and big brown eyes exuding warmth. I leaned closer to him, trying to get it out of him. He stood up and seemed disoriented as teachers began returning. Oliver left at the same moment Mr. Moreau, the principal, came in. I asked quietly. Monday 'til Friday janitorial duties. Author's Note: As I said, this is a rewrite. ALSO! Okay! AN: New story! Oh, and the secret mentioned in the synopsis? It was after the fight that I had with Jonny McKinley that I met Fang for the first time. It took a few minutes for a couple of people to prise me away from him, knuckles bloody from breaking his nose and it bleeding all over me like a fucking fountain. I began to shove my way through the crowd, some students stumbling to get out of my way, clearly frightened by me, before I felt a hand firmly on my shoulder. I pushed my way through the solid oak doors, making them clang and echo amidst the silence. Before I could reply, a guffaw of laughter could be heard from just behind us. At that, he jumped up, shoving his chair back and making it scrape across the floor. As I trudged back to class, I didn't really think that I'd clash with Fang again; it was just one out of a mass of punch-ups that I'd had over the years, so I didn't really think of it as anything special. To be honest, I didn't really care. P.s. Walking down corridors, her black high heels made a rhythmic noise on the ground causing every student to swerve their head around for a look. Maybellene laughed softly as she came slowly to a stop outside the school. Maybellene arched an elegant brow at the horny teen, giving him a gimlet stare. Maybellene covered her nose and gave out a delicate fake sneeze. Maybellene sighed and reversed her car rather roughly, causing the frat boys to yell in shock and confusion. Jessica was fixing her rumpled clothing. The college girls walked into the mall, every pair of male eyes landing on them with lust and excitement. Maybellene called. Maybellene smiled when she saw the perfect bag. Two men had been eyeing her for a while with disturbing interest. Maybellene walked around the table, determined to buy the bag in her hand. She was the mean bitch in her class, why on earth would she be afraid of a man? she said, pausing for a moment to collect herself. Maybellene widened her eyes at the deep intensity of his voice. She stopped, slowly turning around to look at them. Maybellene nodded and walked outside with her new bag. She paused before she turned to the right, her eyes surveying the area. S she said, walking down quickly. After she finished, she exited the stall, walking up to the sink. Finished with her hands, she looked in the mirror only to see someone right behind her. A/N: I wanted to try a new story(: I was daydreaming and started writing my fingers away, haha. Full summary: Maybellene Buchanan belongs to a rich and endowed family. that's sick. ahead". please don't start today. ever existed. (gross! come here please". the fuck is wrong with you"? jerk. when"? fucking prick. caught me. the hell? was deep. foot. Christ". That is the only theory I could think of at the moment. It was when I broke out my Anatomy binder that the doorbell rang. Too say I was surprised would have been the understatement of the century. Ten minutes later, my room was over-flowing with pom-poms and a few crying cheerleaders. It is official. Hailey let out a sniffle and collapsed on the bed behind her. I felt like the walls of my bedroom were suddenly caving in on me. Damn. That Friday had passed rather quickly, much to my dismay. Hailey had cornered me that morning, confirming my impending doom that would soon commence—some best friend she is. Now, I watched from my window as the sky began to darken. A smile graced my lips, remembering all of the times he had lent me that jacket over the summer. Shaking my head, I cleared the thoughts form my mind and looked away from the window. I quickly rummaged through my dresser finding a pair of blue running shorts and a red West Valley T-Shirt. Grabbing my cell phone off of my bed, I ran down stairs and out the front door. I wasn't even two minutes into my short walk when a blue truck pulled up next to me on the curb. I walked towards Matt's car, peering my head through the window. I could place every freckle and smile induced wrinkle on his face. He grinned, letting out a soft low laugh. Oh, god. The sound of giggling girls interrupted his serious speech. I stared at my self in the full-length mirror, safe behind the closed doors of the boy's locker room. I hadn't realized how hot it would be inside the suit. Hailey laughed at my bargain. And just like that, three of them came towards me and picked me up, dragging me out of the locker room kicking and screaming. Shit. Finally, the guys put me down when we made it to the front parking lot, where a white van stopped in front of us. The boy sitting in front of me, smirked, lifting his fingers in a mock salute. I sat silently, refusing to answer to the oaf. Silence overtook the back of the van. I stiffened in my spot as their conversation progressed. Relief flooded through me, as much as I didn't want it to. My attention suddenly shot up, staring at the two boys in front of me. Matt froze, his face visibly paling. I wanted to punch someone. I held my breath. I couldn't take it anymore. Matt sprung to his feet, ready to pounce on me. Then the car hit a speed bump and we were all sent falling to the floor. Shit. Daniel started laughing, hysterically. Matt, finding it better to follow her wishes, walked to the front. Matt returned to his original seat and I returned to mine. I looked up at the sound of Matt's voice. The ride back to school was a silent one. As much as I hated to admit it, the girl was right. Hailey looked at me knowingly. I looked at back at her. I nodded, only half listening. I ignored the pain in my chest. Back on the field, Matt was no longer looking at me. Matt's run turned into a sprint and before I knew it people were whispering and shouting, all wondering the same thing. Finally, he crushed his warm lips down onto mine. Matt bit my bottom lip, causing me to gasp. All of a sudden everyone in the stands burst out cheering. Matt smiled. Please Review! Author's Note: It's my first time posting on this site so I'm a bit nervous. Corrie crossed her legs at the ankles and let her head fall back against the padded lounge chair, already thoroughly bored with the fiasco taking place around her. For years she had been good at concealing her distaste during these functions, but it was becoming more and more difficult. Andrew, her father, was standing amidst a circle of his peers, no doubt regaling them with one of a dozen stories he loved to share about his misshapen youth. She, on the other hand, had taken up her usual place, a comfy lounger in the corner of the pool area. With a bored sigh, Corrie closed her eyes, wondering if she might be able to take a short nap, but a boisterous laugh caught her attention. Wonderful! He was the one person in the family who constantly dwelled on the fact that Corrie did not fit in with the rest of the DeSaunts. Her parents had been outraged by the 'joke', disciplining him repeatedly for the vicious lie when they were younger, but that didn't stop Richard. David Caldwell. And to think she had Richard to thank for it. Corrie had spent countless hours with the Caldwell clan, getting to know and love each one of them as if they really were her family. And last, but certainly not least, there was Justin. Caroline shrugged. Sometimes Corrie simply did not understand where the woman was coming from. Corrie asked, though she knew it didn't take an overabundance of alcohol for her friend to make outlandish remarks. The waggle of red eyebrows that accompanied the suggestion was endearing but not enough to put Corrie at ease. Yes, that was true. With a small sigh, Corrie pushed aside the bittersweet memory and granted herself a different image – one she indulged in every night - her and Justin, another place, another time, naked and tangled in satin bed sheets. Required:- the story must follow the plot of the song- the title of the song must be the title of the story, or at least a part of it (ex: Walking By: Pete's Story, with the song in question being  from Something Corporate. Optional: you could turn the one-shot into a chaptered story by using a different song for each chapter; if you're feeling really creative, use the same artist and/or album for the whole story. He checked the position of the moon in the velvet expanse above and smirked; fortune was smiling down on him tonight. Takis was no stranger to the palace and its surrounding grounds. He flexed his fingers as he took stock of the outside wall before him, thinking. But first thing was first. Takis knew that the guards would be more or less slack tonight – the necklace had caused quite the uproar at court and celebrations for the Princess Xenia's following betrothal would go on well into the night. He'd seen it – everyone had. Takis smirked a little, eyeing the distance of a nearby building to the top of the wall. So he kept walking. Basically, what wasn't palace inside the wall was garden – the grounds were overflowing with different kinds of flowers, shrubs, ivies and trees. Stylianos II – who had by far the longest rule of all Stylianos kings thus far – had continued the work of his father and added both gardens and vast, glass-like pools to compliment each other on the west side of the grounds. The current King, Stylianos IV, had spent the twenty or so years of his rule pouring money into the palace, indulging on extravagant clothes and trinkets and games for his family and for the court. Takis, for his part, took out his frustration by taking directly from the royal family. A low wall separated the northern gardens from the eastern gardens. Faint music could be heard, and from the far side of the palace, an occasional burst of laughter sounded. As he rounded a particularly large patch of myrtle he saw, with some pleasure, that the Princess had so graciously left her balcony doors open for him. Still, he was not daunted. Just as he was about to scuttle along to another section of the garden, salvation came in the form of another one of the royal children – Prince Dimitrios, playboy extraordinaire. The Prince watched until he was gone, apparently unmindful of the woman who was currently unbuckling his pants. She needed no more encouragement. the Prince commanded with a grin. He had to hand it to the palace architects – they'd really created the perfect palace. The stairs, it was. The Princess's rooms came into view shortly after. Takis stilled for a second, listening carefully for footsteps both inside and outside of the room. He found himself in what appeared to be her sitting room. Princess Xenia was the second youngest child of King Stylianos IV, and one of two daughters. If Kyriake had been the  than Xenia was now the  Where her sister had been perfectly handsome, Xenia was now the epitome of all that was beautiful – at least, physically. While Takis did not find the necklace, he did seem to find a friend in a leopard cub that had been snuggled in cushion near the desk. Once he was sure he'd exhausted the sitting room, Takis moved carefully to what he assumed was the bedroom door. There were two lights in here, on either side of the balcony doors, and both were dimmed slightly by the tinted glass they were encased in. The thief started forward. Princess Xenia slept partially on her hip and partially on her back, her arm thrown over her eyes, to ward off the light or a looming headache, he didn't know. She shifted, moving her arm off of her eyes so that she could prop herself up on it and watch him. Takis put his hands in his pockets and forced himself to take a mental step back for a second. The Princess finally dropped her eyes to the leopard cub snuggled against her and stroked its black and gold coat gently, paying particular attention to the skin around the ears. She paused a few feet off, close enough to make the thinness of her nightgown readily apparent. Takis considered her a few seconds longer. The Princess moved as well, out of sight of the mirror. The cool attitude from before was gone; the Princess appeared completely comfortable with the fact that she was being robbed of her bride price. He asked. Takis wasn't sure if it was the honesty or the terrible pun that got him, but suddenly the lust was uncontrollable. He bit her in response, swallowing the groan in his throat, and then kissed her hard. He began moving both of them, lifting her up and down as he jerked his hips up into her. He tightened his hold on her and began moving towards the bed. He set her down and settled over her, pinning her beneath him before she could squirm away. She let him slide the nightgown the rest of the way off, and then tugged at his tunic. Only when she was arching against him, whispering desperate promises in his ear – promises that made him forget exactly who and where he was – did he relent and remove the last of his clothes. After a little bit she turned on her side, away from. His delusions of grandeur promptly vanished. He sounded dubious. He watched her slip the slinky, silky chemise back on, a little dismayed at how easy it was to want her again. Takis was smirking before he realized it. Her grip tightened on the velvet pouch but she remained otherwise impassive. Takis caught it easily, and watched as she stormed into an adjacent room. Pissing off a princess is probably not the smartest thing to do, he told himself, climbing off the bed. What was more concerning, though, was that he was starting to consider her plea – to empathize with her. He rolled out of the bed and ambled towards the armoires, opening one after the other. Takis hesitated, and then bent down and gathered the cub up into the crook of his arm. He received a royal roll of the eyes in response, and she moved back to her bed. Takis checked the shelves, and after a few seconds of curious prodding he found a little notch on one of the back panels. he corrected. He gave her a mock bow and then turned to the task, making sure to pick out what he thought were the sexiest ones. Takis did as she commanded, pulling his pants on leisurely as he watched her strip out of the nightgown. For the first time since he'd seen her, Xenia looked completely and utterly unsure of her herself. They finished what little packing was left – the leopard included – and then Takis watched as she used a handful of soil from one of the potted plants in her sitting room to dirty her hands and face, and whatever skin was left showing. He just smirked at her, and slung her pack over his shoulder. The thief helped the Princess climb down the wall the rest of the way, and then took her hand wordlessly as he pulled her quickly down a small, discreet side street. He took her to his humble abode for the time being. They remained silent for a long moment after that, staring at each other in his tiny one-room apartment. 1. Other fun facts: I actually made up this whole ridiculous time line for all of the kings, including things like how long they reigned for and how old they were when they first ascended the throne. Sam says. face. Sorry for another Author's Note. Mike had no problem with the way his life was progressing. So how did it come he was annoyed this morning? But then again, it was his own fault for agreeing to the bet. Oh, the basic term for this was a suicide hotline operator. There was some controlled laughter… or well uncontrolled seeing he heard it. Was randomly heard and he was met with silence for a while. That sounded awfully weak. Rain poured down from the air and lighting occasionally flashed across the dark sky, coupled with the burst of loud thunder. But this time, he didn't answer like he normally would. The images that I saw, the noises that I heard; I had heard them all before. When I lifted up my shirt I saw the huge scar that went from above my breasts until my waist. Why couldn't I just be fifteen again? Some days I still pretended that nothing had changed. I cry, I scream, I throw things. a voice asked all of a sudden, making me shriek loudly, while the bottle of water fell to the ground with a thud. I said defending my previous actions. I nodded in understanding. Andrew was staying over at our house, because his parents were on a business trip. Both my parents were still at work and I felt extremely uncomfortable. To tell you the truth, I was surprised by his words. I had never seen him look so angry before at me. His words cut through me like a knife. My words seemed to trigger something inside of him. Andrew was much taller than me and angrily looked down on me. I screamed at him. JUST SCARS? Before I knew what was happening I slapped him, right across his cheek. Knowing that I wouldn't be able to hold my tears back any longer, I ran to my room. Crazily enough, after that fight, I'd decided to change a few things in my life. I've been pretending ever since. This was my life… every day I pretended to be happy while I wasn't. I sighed and managed a tiny smile before boarding the bus. He blew more air into my ear, making me wish for earmuffs. Alec contemplated my face. I drawled, planting my face on the window. Hissy fit? I asked, panicked. he responded chirpily from his spot between a couple of girls. Well, when put it that way. I seethed. Emily agreed. Alec looked like a deer caught in headlights as the twins began a verbal spar with him. The two of us looked up, horrified, when Alec's voice interrupted our conversation. I sighed and stood up, climbing over Jessica to rejoin Alec in the back. Sure, I hated them. And when Alec slid the ring onto my finger, I buried my face in his neck and wept with joy. Anyway, please let me know what you think about this (even if it's a PM and not a review) because I'm thinking about a series - not about Sineka and Alec, but more of a  series with romantic encounters that take place on various buses. I was going to write a story about it (past to present), but it's taking me longer than ever to put down my thoughts. Of course, we don't plan on getting married for a few more years (I just turned 21 and he's 23). ~Just something I wrote while I was bored and in between short stories for my English lit. You can find the previous story at http://www. The six year old boy sat on the carpet of his grandparents' house, raising a couple of action figures and making sound effects on his own. she smiled widely as she let two guys inside. Jim finally asked, turning and looking at the spot where Peter was. she said, looking far from glad for making introductions. he said, reaching to shake his hand. Alex said, sitting down on the floor and making himself comfortable. he said, handing the figure back. the teenager said, looking like he was having a normal adult conversation as he continued moving around the action figures, pretending they were flying. he said, tapping the boy's nose with his index finger. Alex said, standing up and dusting himself off. Alex said, smiling warmly and waving as he left. . Temple servitude was all Labriella knew…until she met another orphan living in the forest. This is a  story, although different from the original or from Disney. The first two chapters of this story take place in the characters' childhood years, and do not have any mature content in them. The  (only for some chapters) contains words that I made up for the purpose of this story, to give it an otherworldly feel. All living beings are governed by relationships. Neither of us was destined for great things. I was a very unremarkable child, ordinary in appearance and unnoteworthy in ability. It was, of course, Pandora who retrieved me that day for my fateful errand. Absently I ran a hand through my stringy short brown hair, combing down with my fingers where she grabbed. I tread barefoot down the cold stone hallways of the massive, majestic building, passing other temple wards who either sneered at me or ignored me completely. The old woman looked up immediately, her elegantly arched left eyebrow twitching in slight irritation at being interrupted. Fed up with what she called  this woman had resolved to teach me about the different herbs and their uses, as well as the names associated with them, and a little on how to prepare them. As I left her quarters and continued down the hall once more, I pondered where the healer was sending me. Exiting the great wooden doors marking the only entrance to the temple, I descended the wide stone stairs on the outskirts of the growing village, eyes fluttering closed to take in the comforting sounds and smells of the everyday hustle-bustle. I would be lying if I said I did not feel a sense of foreboding as I drew steadily nearer to the wood. I do not know how long I trekked through the wood, my feet following the path the wind set for me. It was darker. No! Dread seeped into me as I came to terms with the implications of my current surroundings. Suddenly realizing what I was doing, I closed my eyes and took deep breaths, focusing on squashing the feelings of panic. Slowly I turned in a circle, taking in everything around me, careful not to startle whatever watched me. I do not know how long I chased after that shadow. All at once my foot caught on something and I sailed through the air, somehow managing to turn my head just before my body hit the ground. No, I corrected myself. I stared at it in disbelief. I pondered which direction to go, but to my astonishment, the road to the right simply ended. I must have walked several miles before I reached the edge of the forest. After walking for some time, I came across another black dot in the landscape, this one low in the grass and significantly closer. Sensing her panic in the forest—a place no people and few animals dared live—I had gone to see what nagged at my senses. Apparently she sensed I was there, because she stopped suddenly and turned in a slow circle, as if looking for whatever might be stalking her. I forgot about the road. Another step. Another step. The girl seemed to wake then, as though she reached for me unconsciously. I started. I struggled with my thoughts. Yes. she said, nodding her head. Images flew before my eyes one right after the other, memories long forgotten, horrors better left buried. My father was a nobleman. I felt surprised at first, then afraid, then guilty. The boy had a strong nose and square jaw, softened by flawless skin and the soft curves of youth. At last his long, dark lashes fluttered open, and his startled eyes stared up into mine. I jumped back, relieved to be out of her grasp. I stared at her. Wincing at her reference to me as an  I allowed my eyes to drift away. Wordlessly I headed toward the forest. I turned my head slightly, acknowledging that I heard her, but kept walking and did not answer. I gathered the herbs for Mistress Healer and headed back to the temple. I bowed my head. At least I had a little believability on my side. I hated when she used that tone. Part of me wanted to bolt out of Mistress Healer's small packed quarters the moment she released me, but the sensible part of me, armored with years of habit, won out. As I left the mess hall with comfortably full stomach and warm insides, my mind absently drifted to the boy in the forest. Evening rituals flew by. That night I lay on my mat wrapped in a thin blanket, as I had every night before, head pillowed on my elbow, and dreamed a new dream. Wading out of the icy stream on curiously numb feet, I leaned against an overhanging tree, digging my fingers into its bark, inhaling deeply its spiced scent. The night of my first awakening, I dreamt of stale air and cold stone, endless mazes, imposing arches and towering walls, cold faces and hostile emotions. Thinking about the man's offer, I quickly examine my situation. I sigh, my breath misting in front of my face. After a moment, I take his outstretched hand and immediately feel his warmth permeating through his glove and mine. I am silent. "Eh? Henry. Unfortunately, that wasn't what came out. help. obvious the answer was? Frowning, Henry chewed on his lip in thought. I was scared, and I was crying. one of them said threateningly, and his menacing tone worked. I held the cone tightly around my fingers, but not too much that I'd crack the cone. Shoot. His face was filled with incredulity and pride. Liam and I became the best of friends. When I was seven, I fell in love with him. For a seventh grader, Ben sure was acting like he was in high school. His head was so close to mine. His nostrils flared, and his face and ears were turning red. Remember when I said we'd always be best friends, nothing more and nothing less? There was no explosive falling apart, no dramatic 'goodbye, no last hugs and kisses shared. The 'End of the World' party was an event especially for high school seniors. Keisha and I continued walking around the mall, stopping by a few shops here and there. Unbelievably white blond hair and piercing cobalt eyes – there was only one person I knew who had those characteristics, characteristics which made a rare combination of unbelievably light hair and taunting, mysterious dark orbs. Too late. Liam was my first ever crush, my first love. Then, this big, ugly, old monster – also known as 'high school' – reared its ugly head, and just like that, we had become less than what we used to be. I froze up, and suddenly, my insides twisted into what I felt were a million, unmanageable knots. I laughed. Then, his facial expression softened, lips tilted up into a smile, and I swore my heart flopped at that exact moment. Standing at the bottommost step of the staircase was Liam Nicholson, dressed in pair of dark jeans and a black button–up shirt. Laughing, he turned the engine of his car on then turned to me. He steered the wheel and took a turn. Not knowing where to start – to drink or to dance – I was thankful when my best friend, Keisha, ran up to us looking a little dazed. Right. Taking the shot glass positioned on his stomach with only my mouth and downing it in one go was effortless. And once I started licking his lips and pushing his mouth open with my tongue to access more salt, I honestly didn't want to stop. What happened back there…I didn't want to talk about it. Looking at his lips, I could only remember how minutes ago, those had been attached to my own. He avoided my eyes, and for a moment, I saw the younger version of him, not the seventh–grader Liam but the seven–year old one. I hated drinking. Once inside, we locked the door, and left all our inhibitions downstairs where everyone was. I gathered my clothes sprawled on the carpeted floor before I put them on and went downstairs. It was a good thing that I woke up earlier than I usually did, so I was able to avoid confrontation. I didn't expect the confrontation to come right away. I was busy enjoying using the computer when the intercom rang with the caretaker telling me there was someone by the name of Liam waiting for me downstairs. I led him up to my bedroom, but it wasn't like he needed directions around my house. If Liam were some other guy, I probably would have just raised my voice and matched his anger with my own, but that was exactly it. How could I tell him that I ran away because I couldn't stand seeing him treat what happened last night like it was nothing at all, like it was just another one of his many escapades? So I did the thing I'd been doing all along. I could not tell him my feelings. I said it in such a hurry that I wasn't sure if he understood, but with the way his eyes widened and the manner in which his arms fell limply at his sides, I knew he got it. I had gauged his reaction and saw how surprised and perplexed he was with what I said. Then, he did the most surprising thing. For a moment, he looked like he was having an inner battle with himself. I said, suddenly feeling more hurt than before. That seemed to catch his attention. Slowly, he stood up and placed himself on the space right beside me. I knew what he was thinking about, and I knew I was right. Hey guys! That aside, hope you enjoyed the read! Charming, o' Princess. dancing. manner. Tight. the new movie, August Rush? said. though they confused him. and I'm not so sure about the ending. clothes on. Also Fixed: Well, now, I am a HORRIBLE speller. Monsieur Micah I rap my hand on the door and once again, receive no answer. Spinning the house keys around on a fingertip I walk into his room, looking around; every day I come in here it just gets messier and messier. Micah Cooper is arrogant and rude and I really don't like him – but you wouldn't know it when he's sleeping, like now. Ignoring the clothe piles situated around the room, stepping over and around them, I make my way to the blinds and grab the string. He just grunts in response, drawing his covers over his head like a child. The third time sends me sprawling onto his bed, sheets ripped from my fingers and balance lost. I attempt to slither back but a fingernail snags on some of his hair, and I can't help but feel how soft and silky his hair is. This is getting way too weird for my liking. Turning my back to him I hurry for the door, cheeks blazing red; what was I thinking? Oh Laurie, I played no part in this. I know. Try this afternoon I had to take his little brother and sister out to the park to stop him from following me around the house, watching me cook and clean things. Laurie isn't even paying attention to me though; her eyes are on her son. I spit up a pea onto my plate, coughing and bringing my hands to my face to stop everyone from seeing my cheeks go red. Laurie looks at him oddly and then turns her eyes to me, curious. Nonetheless, quick as I can I finish dinner, collect the plates and take them to the kitchen – before rushing away to lock myself in my bedroom for the rest of the night. He lets go of them, but doesn't let me go. I tell him, shoving past him with a shoulder and starting to walk quickly back to my room. I shake my head, setting my jaw defiantly; defiant against his accusations and against the incredibly fast beating of my heart. Besides; he doesn't like me – he's just incredibly susceptible when it comes to girls touching him. Micah says angrily, his eyebrows furrowing and his volume rising. I slam the door in his face; it's for the best. The girl formerly known as leggy red head, now known as Cassandra, leans over and grabs a hunk of Micah's gorgeous hair; using it to drag his lips to her own. Still, I stick another spoonful of yoghurt in my mouth to keep from yelling at her; you just don't damage locks like his, it should be punishable by law. I stick another spoonful of yoghurt into my mouth agitatedly. I stick another spoonful of yoghurt in my mouth, blinking furiously. I stick another spoonful of yoghurt into my mouth. I go to stick another spoonful of yoghurt in my mouth, but look down to find it empty. Blinking furiously I bump into the bin, distracted and not paying attention to where I'm going. My shoulders start to shake and I let go of the bin lid, bringing my hands to my face; he's not supposed to be sharing his precious hair with that girl – she doesn't deserve it, she doesn't like it enough. I spin around to find her throwing her hands up in the air at him, and he's walking right towards me; she hisses and storms off in the opposite direction, out of the cafeteria. And he does, and my hands weave into his hair; before I know it I'm being pressed to a garbage bin, Micah engaging me in an extensive open mouthed kissing session. For write away on live journal, hope you like guys ;D Can't stay. steady. Well then, you're just a baby. not, really. ledge of cement. the ups and downs. He is the coolest old janitor dude on the plant, even Rach, my best bud, loves him. Mr. Notts did something really bad to his back and the doctor advised him not to put stress on it. One might wonder, why the heck would the school need janitors when it's summer? I stomped grumpily into the building, made polite chitchat with the office lady as she directed me what to do, and gave me Mr. Notts keys. I turned out I wouldn't have much to do as there weren't that many people on the school grounds. But what is a janitor without their cleaning tools? After the thirty-fourth key I was about ready to give up. I spun around really to viciously yell at the person behind me. he shouted back. He shouted loudly. Holy muffins. Shawn Millers is the 'hottest' guy at school, a player, and disgustingly popular too. Dark messy hair, tanned skin, athletic, and intense golden eyes. I glared daggers at is stupid little face, and gave him another good kick in the shin. Suddenly, his mouth twitched upward, and he began to laugh raucously. I rolled my eyes. I grumbled, while turning and fitting the key into the lock. I rolled my eyes. The cafeteria had never seemed so…big. I speedily sprayed and wiped the tables, then moved the tables to one side of the room. My head snapped around glaring at the source of the voice. Dang it. he said slowly as if I was dumb. I grinned looking at the spots of the sauce on his face. I growled. Two minutes into it, I had ducked behind one of the tables farthest away from the door. Abruptly, I heard voices from outside the cafeteria, loud whoops and yelling. one blonde muscle guy said,  I could see why he would have that reaction, there was spaghetti and water everywhere. I threw a Styrofoam cup I had found, and filled it with mop water, then launched it into the air. Dirty cheater. I leaped out of my hiding spot and ran to the doublewide cafeteria doors. I needed away to make him frozen. My mind was panicking. I mumbled astonished, my heart beating wildly. I snapped, his stalling irritating me. My mind was seriously in overdrive. he said, clearly irritated. he said with a warm smile. Haha! Text copyright © 2010 by S.C. StephensAll Rights Reserved. Welcome to the Conversion sequel – I know a lot of you have been waiting patiently for it. Seven months. Yes, they were all normal and none of them for me. That man was now, unfortunately, part of the mysterious undead world as well. Not that I had room to talk anymore. And I had chosen him…for the rest of my mortal life. That was one quirky little side effect of his conversion…hunger. That was another obstacle that had been placed in our way. I'd been angry when I first heard their plan for us. I'd broken up with Teren after that. Even still, we'd thought we'd failed. I smiled at his irritated look, realizing that he was right. He shook his head and smiled at me. Remembering what I wanted to talk to him about, I frowned. He sat down beside me, removing his toothbrush and setting it on the nightstand. Since we'd found out I was pregnant a week ago, on Teren's birthday, he'd started touching me like this often. I grinned at the reference to the sort-of ultimatum I'd given him when I'd found out I was pregnant. I frowned as I considered that, wondering what exactly in his vampire blood was animating him, but then shoved that thought aside. His hand left my stomach and came around to my hip, squeezing me softly. I laughed and bit my lip as I studied the attractive man beside me. He chuckled and leaned into me, placing his lips gently on mine. Teren worked for Gate magazine, as a writer in the life and style section. Funny. A small laugh escaped me against my will and relaxing, I lightly smacked his chest. He raised his eyebrows. I sighed, remembering how his relaxed attitude about his secret had gotten us nearly killed before. I sniffed, but a tear ran down my cheek anyway. His thumb brushed away my tear and I exhaled slowly. He frowned and turned his head away from me. I sighed, but let it drop. I stood and wrapped my arms around his trim waist. I leaned up to kiss him, torn yet again on staying here a little longer (and tossing him down on that impressive bed) or getting back to the real world. That will be weird to go back to. Oh well, at least I had a wedding to look forward to planning. As Teren's kiss intensified, his cool hands slipping under my shirt and running up my bare back, I worried about the eldest vampire being in proximity to people close to me. And how would the vampires eat while my family was here? So, if eating at the table was out, I guess they'd be roaming the countryside for food, picking off some of their cattle in the farthest away fields. Abruptly Teren pulled away from my mouth, his cool tongue breaking apart from mine. He looked down at the floor, to where I'm assuming his mother was, and then across the hall, to where I knew his grandmother was hiding out the daylight. He kissed my nose. He fully turned to me, his fangs dropping down as he did. I smiled at his reaction to my reaction; we were both feeding each other's desires. Slowly, and with a level of seductiveness that would have made any stripper proud, I pulled down the loose neckline of my shirt. A low growl came from deep in his chest, sending an ache straight through me. When our second tumble for the day on those sheets was finished, and I was spent and satisfied, I laid my head on his chest, hearing the echo of my still surging heartbeat through his skin. He smiled wider at my touch and kissed my fingers before they pulled away. I grinned and propped my elbows on his chest, holding him down, symbolically, if not physically. He chuckled at my reaction, knowing full well what I'd been talking about all along. My face scrunched into a confused look and he chuckled again. He looked around the room again as I stroked his chest and tried to grasp how he saw the world, how he saw me. I sighed and sank my chin to his chest. I kissed his cooling skin, feeling the hard muscle encased beneath it. Eventually we did pick ourselves up and keep our hands off each other long enough to get all our stuff together. Smiling at each other, we walked into a sunny and bright with life dining room. Jack smiled at his son's gallantry and then went back to drinking his coffee, happily oblivious to our bedroom antics. Teren kissed my neck but didn't join me at the table. I hadn't been seated for more than ten seconds before Teren's mother, Alanna, whisked out of the kitchen with a plate of food for me. Alanna had insisted I treat her like family from day one. Alanna gave me a brilliant smile, her exact same shade of blue eyes as Teren, catching a shaft of morning light and sparkling in the rays. Alanna swished over to her son's side, locking her arm around his. Their bond was so tight, I suppose it would make an ordinary wife-to-be jealous. Which meant I also had to be peacekeeper sometimes. Looking up at him, Alanna spoke a phrase in another language. Not liking secrets, I was determined to be fluent in the complicated sounding language. Turning back to my plate, suddenly ravenous, I picked up my fork and started, in a very unladylike way, shoving forkfuls of pancake into my mouth. I choked on my food, knowing his mom had just heard that…and knew exactly what he meant by it. I rolled my eyes and shook my head as he laughed again and turned to walk into the adjoining kitchen. I focused back on my plate and tried not to worry about it. Teren was still in the kitchen, and I was halfway though my massive stack of cakes, when something weird happened to me. I knew the sensation rising in my stomach and throat – every person over the age of four recognizes it. Jack had just started to look up at me, when Teren instantly blurred into the room. I squeaked out under my hand. The concern was thick in his voice and I opened my eyes to look at him. I smiled as my stomach settled and slung my arms around his cool neck, straddling his lap. Imogen didn't look to buy my bravado. To reassure her, and a nervous looking Alanna beside her, I quickly muttered that I was fine again and threw on a tired smile. Alanna and Imogen looked a little better as I walked as confidently from the room as I could, but I was feeling a little dehydrated and my hands shook a bit. After my water, my color came back and with reassuring pats and belly rubs, the vampire women finally left me alone. Nahnahnanah! block to confirm my order. of water. would be what? all. good/bad/really don't care? They were being surrounded, soon they knew there would be nothing left to do but run if they were to survive. They were not murderers, they were hunters. She made it just over the valley when she heard that one shot rang out. Her husband, Gawain was the second to fall, she whirled in horror as he let out a howl. Dropping the pup she let out a growl, frothing in absolute rage. Enraged as she was she never saw another hunter approach her until she felt the butt of his gun on her head. It took Lane a moment to realize they were gaining quite the crowd. Kim immediately stopped struggling and whirled around. Silently Lane and Ron agreed. Fallon paled as he figured it out. Walker spoke out for the first time since they got off their plane. He got down on his knees in front of the two boys pretending to suck. Everyone went silent as the leader approached. Kida smirked,  Byron nodded with a smirk. 'Soon my mate, you will be with and belong to me. Lane smiled. A/n: Why am I writing this? Life is troublesome, there's twists and turns, and bumps and detours. Two high school sweet hearts are in the hospital. Sweat was rushing down the wife's flushed face, her dark brown hair sticking to her forehead. Another hour later the child was born, and it was a girl. As the mother held her child in her arm's she could see the similarities in the child. As a toddler, Astrid never did what toddler's do. It was then that Charlie and Dana finally decided to take her to a daycare, maybe interacting with other children would maybe make her more. The spoiled types that were still going through the  stage. When Astrid first came in, she was quiet and poised. She sounded so older than her age. Sunni wanted to scream, ! Had she eaten too many apples, since they were powerful supplements, or drunken too much water. The drive home was what Astrid would say, very informative. Her mother avoided her gaze and reached into the back to hold the sleeping Misa. The new voice was smoother than the last, deep and velvety and Ryan sighed when he heard it, sliding his hand slowly lower. It was Ben who said these words. Ryan, thinking of the double entendre, smirked. Ryan parroted the show's tag line. Ben snorted. Ryan muttered to his desk later that day. Wondering if he could plead temporary insanity, Ryan's whole body twitched as the song First in my Heart by the Chinchillas came on. Slipping into a seat, Ryan studied his surroundings as he waited for his order to be called. So then, what, Ryan wondered, baffled at his body's sudden reaction, is starting to make me aroused? Is that? The man was tall, Ryan figured, based on the length of his well-formed limbs. His sister? Diane had suggested he meet them again the next week; apparently she worked at a nearby office, and she and her brother had lunch together every Wednesday. It would, Ryan remarked to himself a few weeks later while en route to the café, have been a lot easier all around if Simon Reece had turned out to be ugly. Ryan was sure now that his blush had become a sunburn and would start peeling in short order. Jumping ahead a few days, it is Saturday morning. Simon continued. She crumpled up a bar napkin and threw it at his head. He pulled her into an impulsive hug. She hugged him back and took in his fresh scent. She turned and studied her image in the mirror. She took a deep breath and left the room to search for the guys that played in her ragtag band. Pete, her guitarist and her best friend, asked. The crowd got into the music, singing along and dancing in their chairs. Music moved her also. In high school, she befriended Pete who was a fellow social outcast and they tentatively formed a band. They finished their first set and she announced that they would be taking a short break. Erik smiled and set a dripping water bottle in front of her. she teased. He smirked. As she washed her hands, she checked to make sure her hair was still in the pony tail she threw it in before she got on stage. She sighed and pulled on her pony tail to tighten it up and left the bathroom. The crowd started to thin out once they finished playing and she relaxed. Another tall, hooded figure approached her, pointing the barrel of a gun in her face. For all of you reading 'Of Apples and Trees' and 'Dancing to Your Song', those two stories are on temporary hiatus. A/N: Re-edited so hopefully no more mistakes. Karen said with an irritated huff; she was your typical bad-ass type of girl. Celia stared at Marie in awe. Anytime that someone said it Karen would run after them. As she walked away from her friends she was well aware of Louise and her friends watching her. Louise said as they walked into the classroom. The class agreed half heartedly, most couldn't care less. For the rest of the lesson they listened to the others do their speeches and then it was time to go. Karen ran after her. Why do I have to be so fortunate? The neighbourhood started to change the further she went. Without another look at the house she walked on to her driveway and the gate started closing automatically. She looked at herself in her mirror; she was ordinary looking with long wavy brown hair that ran down to her waist and brown eyes. Hmm, why do I always have to put up with this? She'd been on the computer for a while now and it was five-forty. Her mother had sprayed her hair earlier so that it had a slight curl to it. The voice was silky and deep, and very attractive. As he turned to address her parents, she summarised him before he caught her staring again; starting from bottom up. Wow. Celia shut her mouth quickly. How does he know my name? That was the last time he spoke to her but she listened to the conversation between him and her parents. Hmm, at least he's not a snob. The word 'high school' rung in her head like bells. Right on cue. They walked to school together but he kept a strange distance between them. Together the four of them walked to the oval at the back of the school. For the rest of the lesson they played football and what a game it was! Louise slapped her right across the face sending her onto the ground. She could hear Marie and Karen's voices coming closer. With shaking fingers (more from his presence then the actual pain), she gingerly lifted her top to bare her side to him. Above her, Celia felt Vincent freeze and frowned. Why did he walk away when he saw the blood? She could hear Karen calling her somewhere in the moving crowd. Celia tried to keep with the crowd but they kept splitting up, going different ways until the group got smaller and smaller until she was walking by herself. Celia squeaked and began to back away instinctively as she caught the colour of their eyes in the faint light. The snap of a twig was all the warning the two men had as a figure leapt out of the bushes and stood in front of the young girl protectively; a guttural snarl ripping from its throat. Vincent didn't exactly nod; it was more of an incline of his head; half an affirmation and what looked to be a listening technique. Without another word Vince turned and stalked towards the street that had become visible through the trees. With this human? It had been nagging her mind. This is my blog story, which I've decided to post under this title, since the title fits anyway and I'd removed the original for various reasons. Dan Shields ran his fingers through dry, dark locks that used to feel like pure silk. He shuddered. The early sun beams stroked the quiet street in Bexley, Ohio, adding a golden touch to the green lawns and casting shadows over the rows of flower beds. School. Ryan would be here. The water welling in his left eye distorted his sister's silhouette beneath the covers. Christ, the only Person to feel each barb, each knife, each searing of the spirit, seemed to be prodding Dan at the moment. More action had been needed, not just talk. How stupid could he have been? Looking at Allie again, his heart seemed to crash through the earth's crust and remain caught in the blackness of the mantle. His fists clenched. She wouldn't. He stepped toward the bed and bent over to feel his sister's forehead. He'd love nothing more today than a wild ride on his motorcycle, but since he looked like a business man in his black dress suit and neatly combed, dark waves, he opted for the Jeep. He yanked his computer bag off of his shoulder, took a breath, and settled it neatly in the passenger seat before slamming himself behind the steering wheel. Jamming the Jeep into reverse, he held his foot on the brake while his gaze swept onto the road. Allison's captor had tightened its grip around her neck. Something must have triggered her plunge. Pop! It wasn't long before the snickering ensued. She turned to leer at him over her shoulder. Peeking across the room, she found Kevin Murphy seated next to the long row of windows. At first, Bekah released her breath. Bekah cocked her jaw. Stupid idiots. After blinking a few times, the figure came into focus. Rolling her eyes, Bekah sank in her seat with her arms folded. Heck, dark chocolate, milk chocolate, white chocolate. Drown the sorrows, drown the pain, Amen. Except for the sound of ripping paper and a few random snickers, the room became silent and the man hovered right in front of Bekah's desk. Bekah laughed to herself and pursed her lips to keep from mocking this idiot. She shrugged. What a nerd, Bekah thought. She slowly tore open her candy bar. As mentioned above, I'm in the process of smoothing this out- weeding out those awkward and repetitive lines. Yes…those were my first words on Valentine's Day. Most of the people I know call me rude. It started out as an ordinary day, and I'm not saying that to be cliché. I did, however, have to worry about the lack of cheese for my lunchtime sandwich. After buying the cheese, I exited the store with nothing more exciting than a mumbled curse word about the weather. Now, this was actually screamed just to vent my frustration, not to actually get his attention. he asked, turning down his music. he asked me. he responded. I said blatantly. Trey laughed again and extended his hand closer to me. I said. Trey let go of my arm and leaned over to the other side to unlock his passenger side door. he asked. I stammered. Wow, lame conversation alert. Moments later, true to his statement, I did see. I protested. Now, I'd like to make this clear that this was a big, fat lie. he asked. he said softly. I started, but he made some sort of weird coughing noise. I paused and pressed my lips together. he asked. I asked softly. Trey answered. I blinked. I cried. I said. Trey said. he said. Trey's eyebrows shot up. I grinned. Trey agreed. the shoulder. expecting me to. was lubed, and it was, and he suddenly slipped in. Summary: Adrien Trevors is wealthy, rude, narcissistic and mean. Additional Notes: Okay, so this story is yet another 'dead coming back to life' story, but I hope that it will suit your fancies nonetheless; it does have slash, but I doubt very seriously that sex is important in this story. The knocking on the door continued, driving Adrien Trevors completely mad. Still stunned by the blow and trying to pull himself together, Adrien began flailing around as two other brutes forced their way into his home and grabbed him up, one holding each shoulder so that he was in a somewhat-standing position between them. The response caused the man to hit him again, snapping his head to the side violently and causing blood to flow freely from his nose and lip. Adrien mustered all of the strength he could and spat at the man, not caring that it would only anger him further. said the leader and then walked off towards the den area. After the first punch to the gut, Adrien had changed his mind about telling the man where his things were. Before Adrien could even finish that one simple word, the man's gun went off, and after a quick flash of pain in his already battered stomach area, Adrien Trevors, sole Heir of the Trevors fortune and CEO of a successful business, was on his way into the next world. Excerpt from the Editorial section of the same Newspaper:Who is everyone kidding? Glenn himself was rather happy to say he had many people who cared for him; he couldn't imagine how a single man could be as terrible as Adrien Trevors and still sleep at night. Shaking his head, Glenn stood up from his chair in the café and rolled the newspaper up, placing it under his arm. When nothing but silence answered his proclamation, Adrien rose to his feet and glanced around, hoping to at the very least see movement, or a shadow of some sort. Adrien shrieked and fell backwards due to his surprise. The woman blinked in surprise. Instead of answering, the woman disappeared, leaving him alone once more. A man with dark skin, broad shoulders and startling golden eyes suddenly appeared before him, and Adrien screamed again. Adrien felt his head begin to spin; he was more hated than Adolf Hitler? A slight relief began forming inside of Adrien; so, he was better than Adolf Hitler…he had just not noticed anybody, and that's why he wasn't loved. My lack of flip flips was an oversight that I was dearly regretting. A part of me, quite a strong part, wanted to wail at my friends for the surprise attack at my house in which they had kidnapped me and dragged me down to the beach without any thought to the fact I had been happily floating on a lilo in my family's pool, and therefore I had not been wearing shoes, only the dress and cardigan I had grabbed as an afterthought when I went to answer the door. I knew why they'd done it, of course. I, on the other hand, sat on my neatly folded towel and watched them organize themselves. Kim asked bemusedly, looking at Nina. she said defensively, crossing her arms over her. Nina rolled her eyes in response to the giggling and self-consciously smoothed down invisible creases in her swimsuit, which appeared to be some sort of loose wet-suit-like onesie ensemble. The corner of my mouth twitched at the sight, the smallest of movements, but it was enough to snap their eyes to my face, whereupon it instantly dropped and I averted my gaze to an interesting grain of sand next to my foot. Nora was the spitting image of Nina, and from behind it was still a hard task to tell them apart. I tugged at the cardigan I still wore over my dress and swimsuit. While the others were busy, I finally made the effort to roll out my towel properly and arranged my things around me. I looked up to see Jessica looking at me, smiling that smile which I had grown to severely dislike over the last couple months. Peace had been quite a hard thing to attain in the past two months. I picked absentmindedly at the nail polish on my toes, remembering I hadn't repainted them for a long time and only flakes of red polish were left. I shivered, despite the heat surrounding me and pulled up the sleeve that had drooped on my shoulder. Dressed in the stereotypical – and eye-catching which I suppose is the point – red shorts and carrying a foam life saving board, the stranger beside me towered over, brown hair falling into his eyes which were. I stared, completely taken aback. The remark I would normally have snapped out under normal circumstances froze on my tongue. came a voice from behind the lifeguard, or 'Will' as it had been revealed. Great, just great. I interrupted before they could get started on. said Mike, shaking Will's shoulder only to be shrugged off. My useful reaction was to splutter defensively, which only succeeded in drawing his attention again. I was inherently aware that Will was still looking only at me as I glanced back and forth between the lifeguards. she demanded, eyes dancing. I confirmed, staring at my knees again. my friend said now that she was satisfied that I was not being attacked in any way. It was apparent that Scoot was used to this kind of ribaldry as the smile never left his face. I muttered, with florid cheeks under the girls' curious stares. With the rubber ring around me I kept myself above the water with very little effort, and leaned my head back to look up at the sky. Rather than the over-thinking, which I had done a lot of, especially in beginning, and rather than the 'what if's and the regrets, it was the memories that were the worst; because I'd been really super happy two months ago. It was interesting that my heart no longer experienced the familiar twinge I'd always felt at the thought of his name. Nick had transferred into our high school in junior year. But it turned out after a few weeks that he was rather irresistible himself. Actually the shore looked pretty far away. Exasperating boy! Not feeling at all panicked, I decided to sacrifice the rubber ring – I'd buy Nora a new one – and started to really put some effort into swimming. The waves by now were crashing down on me quite heavily, and soon the panic I had been denying began to overwhelm me. Still coughing, I pried open my eyes and noticed a familiar long red tube bobbing in front of me, and didn't even think twice. I followed the brusque order, and found myself moving a lot easier than I would have thought in my current state. Oh god. As we closed in on the shore, several of the familiar bystanders rushed towards me and helped to pull me along. A bottle of water was thrust into my hands, cap off, and I took a hesitant sip, and then another. said Mike, appearing in my field of vision as he crouched down beside Will. I looked over at my. I stared at him, dumbfounded. I was still feeling sick, I was in pain, and I was livid. I couldn't help but feel grateful, despite my temper, that the others were purposefully act as normal. The others came back with hot dogs and passed around cans of pop. It was easy to doze off in the warmth, and I was only occasionally aware of my surroundings as I drifted in and out of consciousness. It was the sound of children laughing that woke me up again. My insides cringed, actually cringed. It was actually a surprise to hear him speak, especially as the words were not biting or scornful for a change. he said eventually, which again I didn't expect. Will started. Oddly enough this seemed to bring a smile to his face. The smile dropped from his face, which I very briefly thought was a shame. Will winced again and looked back out to the ocean, squinting into the sun. Will asked, instantly concerned and reached over to feel my ribs, causing me to take a sharp intake of breath. he said. Out in the ocean, I could see that Jessica had spotted us and was waving, no doubt grinning stupidly. I nodded. Wow, it was that obvious? They completely pissed me off, those people, because it was blatantly obvious that they just wanted to gossip about it. Beside me, Will had apparently come to the conclusion that I wasn't going to answer him, and was looking out to sea. I pondered this for a second. Will was already on his feet, picking up the same beach ball that had been thrown near us before that had apparently connected with my face this time, and jogged over to a nearby family. With a gentle hand, Will moved my bangs out of my face. A helpless giggle rose up in my throat, but the look in his eyes prevented it from coming out. And you know those people who say . His hands were in my hair and I reached up to put mine in his. Time must have ticked by without us noticing because suddenly there was a loud and meaningful cough from behind him. Will didn't release me, but he was scowling again, and this time I just found it adorable. I watched him as he ran off, dodging people and pets, and vanished inside the beach hut. A/N: So hello, it's been a while! me. get a call? feeling gave way to anger, but the humiliation never left. was some federal corporation. All men were bastards. lacy underwear. condoms in his sock drawer. I beat him with the sock. to anything. black ones. me up and carried me out. stop. and glanced around the room. did. away from mine. mouthful of sand. I just stared at him. sex, it had been simmering pleasure. we know". bed with another man. left? think? this short one. I pretty much lost it. Dalton was hot. He slept with her because he's a whore. I want you to say you love me. Great. Whore. She huffed and left. She's right though. I imagined he was wrinkling his forehead. I was a terrible liar and he never would have believed that in person, but maybe over the phone. Okay. Gavin was planning something. She hung up and I went to take a nap. I was gulping down a tub full of ice cream when my brother, Tyler, and his friend, Tommy, tumbled through the front door after football practice. I would however hear how insanely handsome he was through the words of my younger sister Jasmine, who was a year younger than me. Tyler snorted walking to the sitting room. Tyler replied smugly. Amber, my best friend, her sister Rachel and my friend from Art, Kayla were ogling them. Kayla said after a moment's silence. Ray said thoughtfully. Twenty minutes later Jade, Kayla's girlfriend, had arrived and everyone was having a great time. Tyler said slapping his forehead. he demanded. Jade shuddered. Tyler rushed in putting a hand over my mouth. Since it was late when we had gotten home, Tommy phoned his parents to say that he was staying over at our house. Jasmine, Tyler and Tommy were watching a movie in the sitting room, while I was sat on top of the high stool in the kitchen eating some cereal while watching the TV. I replied. he replied. Tommy asked looking as confused as ever. I said cheerfully. I said patting them both on the head. That night I went downstairs to get something to eat. a voice said softly in the dark. he said yawning. Tommy said removing his hand from his face. he replied with a question. I nodded munching my sandwich. Tommy replied crossing his arms. he said grinning. he added cheekily. he replied. The next few days I actually saw Tommy around the house more. Amber shouted gleefully. I said walking into the kitchen through the patio doors. I walked down the stairs to the basement. I hummed softly to myself as I looked for the water bottles. I opened my mouth to say something but he beat me to it. he replied, his gaze also falling to my lips. he said simply. he asked eyeing my finger. he replied putting a hand under my chin and tilted my face up. he shouted from the doorway. I chose wisely. Hello! Interesting Details: Woman is unemployed. Alicia's Answer: Woman is just trying to get pity from her family and friends. Interesting Details: A neighbour claims he saw the man leaving his house on evening in question with someone else. Alicia's Answer: Neighbour's family disapproved of Sister's marriage to Victim, who followed a different religion. Interesting Details: She had a teenage daughter. I have absolutely no idea. My father is a Detective Chief Inspector. I don't mean to sound boastful, but I'm good. This is the first time that a case has ever completely thrown me. You know, my psychologist told me I should keep a diary. I don't think I will last long, though. What I like are numbers. To be honest, life would be much easier if there were no words. Feeling truly safe, as though no problem in the world could hit you. Those bloody kids are here again". There is a large park that separates our street from the rest of the town. So these 'riffraff' just sat themselves in the park opposite and claimed it as theirs a couple of weeks ago. There's this gangly boy in particular who really gets on Father's nerves. The police couldn't find any evidence that he did it though, so they dropped the charges. I can't see why they all worship him. I only know that because of this one time when I was walking home after school. Father and I just came back from an appointment with my psychologist. They're trying this new technique with me called desensitization. It's just a waste of time, but Father's convinced I'll crack sooner or later. It's been going on for years. They've tried everything they can. They don't understand that I'm not going to speak because Idon'twantto. Why do I need to start talking anyway? I live in Elmview, a quiet town in the south of England. Traffic is rare, the people are reclusive, and you could murder someone in one of the isolated alleyways around here and no one would ever even find the body. Most of our neighbours are stuck in low-paid jobs. I made my own dinner in the way I did every day. That's when I heard it. I walked up to the window and saw it. It went on for a while. Actually, the things the boy was carrying around were quite strange. The police continued with their search, and then reached the final person; a huge, muscular guy with his white hair shaved off and a snake tattoo racing up one of the tree trunks he had for arms. Chaos erupted after that. I was right. SHIFTby LereneSummary: Welcome to the Future, where - what do you know - the paranormal community is real. Story is copyrighted to Lerene. . A few years back our world changed forever. The day started like any other day. Turns out, the creatures we only thought as monsters in horrors stories and movies were real. It wasn't long after these they came out that people began to wonder if other creatures were real as well. The human race suffered many nights in fear for their lives. Things were like that for a few weeks. The death toll started to really pile up in both communities as the months progressed. Both communities had different opinions on how things should be resolved. So things continued; neither group getting any closer to solving the problem. After nearly seven months, thing finally took a change. The paranormal community agreed that they would follow and enforce the laws as long as things were fair. So the Guardianship police force was made to control the supernatural creatures that the human police force couldn't handle. Story is copyrighted to Lerene. AN: I promise the rest of the story is a lot better. I also have an account on Elfwood were I post this as well. Taking a drag from his cigarette, Brad Foster stood with his two best friends. He was Asian, but he was a good looking Asian. Brad smiled proudly and blew smoke out of his mouth. Victor's eyebrow twitched upwards. Brad smiled, showing his perfectly white straight teeth. He chose the girl with straight blonde hair and very revealing clothes. The three of them all laughed together. Aaron mumbled, knowing that Brad would love to prove him wrong. Victor grinned. A/N: Okay, so this is my first story. First off, you should know that this story is SLASH, and if you don't know what that is then you must be new to fictionpress. anywho, let me say that everything herein is MINE! IM me, email me, check out my lj, TALK TO ME! The weather was beautiful. Jake pointed out as he looked up from a math book. Mikey said, stirring from his blanket a few feet apart from us. For example, right now he wore a skin tight bright red Speedo, and his long blonde hair pulled back in a pony tail. Mikey had been zoning out for a couple seconds, but I heard him quietly say,  as a predatory grin on his face. he muttered, scowling at all the mindless bimbos. Mikey had a point. But I really don't wanna go in to why I haven't told Cal. But Cal? Abruptly, another voice cut in. When he spoke, and little tingle of fear went through me. Mikey said, batting his lashes,  Uh-oh, don't push him Mikey . He rubbed his neck and grinned. I muttered, waving a hand at him. I sat on the porch steps of the rental cottage, watching for a car to pull up and wondering for the millionth time if I was crazy for having agreed to take this job. I hadn't forgotten. I nibbled on my thumbnail as I considered that. A car slowed, then pulled to the curb and stopped. Yes, I remembered. I answered evenly. We came back into the entry again just as the door swung open and I stepped forward with a welcoming smile, ready to introduce myself. Falling for the StrangeHe walks around the front of the store, picking up things from the shelves and narrowing his eyes at them. The guy, whose name is Wren, lets out this big sigh as he picks up a baby pig figurine. Now he's trying to talk to me, he does this a lot. And besides, he calls me Tiffany. Why are there people like that? Conversation actually might be a good idea; he seems to mess fewer things up. Ignorance truly is bliss. After all, isn't talking the least effective way of teaching? He's bored too. I pull my sleeve away and give her a sympathetic look. Wren brings a hand through his hair and fumbles for the pieces of paper, looking all dazed and confused. I mean I wasn't staring, not really. When is this class going to end? Write me back? Staring down at my English book, I sigh. I throw it over arm, aiming for his face. I stare at the note and bite my lip. Wren pauses after reading it, running a hand through his hair and looking contemplative. And there's a hell of a lot of it too. She never used to be sarcastic until she started sitting next to me in English earlier this year. But it doesn't, and with a frown at the end of class as everyone, including him, gets up and starts rushing out the doors – I find myself sitting alone and kind of disappointed. Wren turns on his heel and semi-jogs out of the store, tripping over his feet. Throwing the phone to the end of my bed in disgust, I stare up at the ceiling. None of my other friends ever answer their phones. Oh I'm so bored. I push open the latch and step out of the counter area, confused out of my mind. I stare around, mortified. He tosses them aside and bends over, clutching his stomach and guffawing loudly. I jump and slip onto the counter, into the wall that's now behind it, with nowhere to go. I stare at him, unmoving, my heart really worrying me it's beating so fast. I jump and blink, staring around in a panic, what is going on now? Falling back onto my bed and clutching my iPod in my bemusement, reality sets in. I look up and spot Penelope  Waters and Deirdre Louellen walking towards me, laughing. I look away and gripping the edges of the table, everything slows down. Staring at her and shaking my head, I have no words. I glance at them again, and lord they do look comfy. Or gives Lewis a wave. I look over at him uncertainly, bringing a hand to my chest and frowning. I hold up my hand in helpless confusion – no wait, come back please? Skipping over to the microwave, I shove it in there and set the time, pressing 'go' and then standing silently in the kitchen, waiting in anticipation. I mean I knew he wasn't going to be happy, knowing what he thought I did. But I didn't mean to. I smack my hands to my face in embarrassment. My jaw drops, he's laughing at me? Wren looks up and I bite my lip, crossing my arms over my chest. I bring my hands to his unproportional hair and tug, tug him towards me and close my eyes. THIS IS A STRANGE ONE SHOT YEAH? The Devil grinned wickedly and stared down at her broken body. He circled her slowly like a predator going in for the kill. She couldn't speak. He'd won and he knew it. His eyes watched her chest as she gasped for every breath. No emotion ran through her eyes. A small moan escaped her as she tried to fill her lungs. The shock was so overwhelming to him, he didn't know whether to shove her away or slap her. The heat was first in his lips, then his tongue. His arm wrapped around her frail body and pulled her closer. It was over before it truly began. A tear, his first tear, rolled down his cheek and fell onto her smooth skin. Coach Olen paused to give him a look. Tyler, however, was easily the best in the class. I wasn't good at sports. I had had crushes on boys before, and I recognized that I had one now. Finally, his friends broke through to him, and I could see Tyler walking towards me, fiddling his yearbook as he made his way over towards the bleachers where we were sitting. I knew what was coming, at least, I hoped I knew. Our families were very different. They all loved him. We first held hands on the bleachers while watching a softball game that Tyler's sister Danielle was coaching over the summer. Then, he gave an extremely silly smile that showed all his teeth to diffuse the situation. And it didn't matter that we were just fifteen. I immediately regretted it and apologized, but I hated how jealous I felt. There was one girl in particular. I bit my lip and smiled. Tyler graduated valedictorian of my school senior year. One evening, in mid-May of our senior year, Tyler had to run extra laps at night as a punishment for Coach Olen, who coached the soccer team. Tyler was licking his lips, I saw from the corner of his eyes. I was on the verge of crying at this point. I couldn't say anything. There were a lot of fights and a lot of tears. Despite everything though, it got easier as the semesters went on. Tyler was right. Siarl shifted his hold on his bag, hurrying down the icy sidewalk. The entrance to the subway loomed in front of him, offering him warmth. Each minute seemed to drag on before the train finally roared into the station, breeze brushing Siarl's hair into his pale face. Late late late raced through his head, echoing and nagging. She pushed open her bedroom door, walking quietly to the bed where Siarl could see the small lump comprising of his son. Siarl knew that the woman didn't have the best relationship with her three children, who rarely visited her and never called. His apartment wasn't as well-furnished as the old woman's, but it was liveable. Locking the door behind him, Siarl slipped off his boots and carried Brynn down the hall to his room. . Siarl rose at six every weekday morning. Brynn sat at the table, blinking blearily at his father and yawning repeatedly. As soon as Brynn was done, Siarl ushered him to the bathroom. Siarl smiled, tugging on his gloves. Although the apartment building was by no means new or particularly well-kept, it did have the benefit of being near the subway station. At this time, there were many families on the subway, and while he did get a few odd looks, he was mostly ignored. The tinny female voice, announcing their stop, broke Siarl out of his thoughts. . After Siarl had gotten custody of Brynn, he'd jumped on the first job ad he'd seen: a dancer wanted for a gay strip club. The office job had come by chance; the owner of the club had a friend whose brother worked there, and mentioned in passing that they were looking for someone to assist around the office. Mustering up a smile of his own, Siarl offered a small wave. That was the most excitement Siarl had all morning. He was still debating whether to believe that, or assume everyone was just trying to make him feel better. In comparison, his day job was not nearly as interesting as the one at night. The temperature had dropped outside, and Siarl quickly hunched his shoulders against the stiff breeze. By the time Siarl finally reached his apartment building, he was ready to collapse on his bed for a nap. Sighing, he trudged up the sidewalk to his apartment building, unlocking the front door and heading for the elevator. The older woman shrugged and waved dismissively, heading for the kitchen. Author`s Note: This is the companion novel to my other story, The Debutante. Olivia didn`t understand a word her father said about come outs and whatnot, and she still didn`t feel any better about the idea of her father having to show respect to someone. Viscount Herford looked at his daughter uneasily. Suddenly, Olivia`s face brightened, and she looked back at him with those large blue eyes of hers. His first thought was that Olivia had said the most amusing thing that had ever come out of her tiny, pink mouth. And the third was that he was going to have to put an end to those damned, expensive dance lessons. His wife chose that moment to walk right in. He coughed. Olivia let out a piercing shriek that made Viscount Herford`s ears rattle. his wife repeated coldly. Viscount Herford happily thought back to the days when he was courting Gladys. Gladys pinched him. The corner of his lips turned up. Olivia wrapped the towel around her shoulders and stood up. Olivia quickly glanced at her mother before turning back to her friend. Emma grasped her hand and glanced at her sympathetically. Last year, her husband, the Duke of Sutherfield passed away, leaving behind a wife and two children. Emma exhaled loudly, puffing out her cheeks. Olivia felt as if her heart and lungs were being squeezed. It had always been a childhood fantasy of hers to become a duchess. I stare fearfully up at the auditorium stage. Sarah's eyes lose their laughing gleam as the room goes silent. Once I'm sure I've secured him, I look up at Mars. My stomach churns when he says that. I'm not sure why they picked Mars- he's not a nobody, but he's not exactly someone that'll cause a stir. I've never actually been this close to the kid. Fuck. The poor kid looks like he's about to faint. A wave of relief washes over me. God, I'm such an asshole. Besides, his eyes just lit up a little bit when I told him it was real. Frowning, I think for a minute. I cough and run a shaky hand through my blond hair. Mars nods, eagerly at first. We hastily exchange phone numbers and he writes his address on my hand. Miranda and I used to be best friends, like, a few years ago. If there's one thing I've never been able to stand, it's being friends with someone who wants to hook up with you. And there was no way I could make an exception for Miranda. It was unnerving at first, to say the least. I was confused; I wanted to ask why Miranda wasn't ready, why she was stressed. So when Miranda walked downstairs in a flowery summer dress, gold sandals strapped to her feet, honey brown hair shining even under the hallway lights, I was shocked. I won't lie. And when Miranda flashed an embarrassed, shy smile at me, I knew. It only got worse from there- she learned how to flirt, something her big brother hated. She didn't know how to react to that news. Oh, yeah. A/N: I have severe, severe writer's block for my other story Just Because, and since I've had this story swimming through my mind for the past year, I figured I would post it. I hope you liked it. By the way, yes, those are David Cook lyrics at the beginning. sure? forward. or another. sticking up in the back. um. stolen. classes. My fairy tale was supposed to go so differently… I was supposed to be kidnapped by an evil sorcerer! I should probably explain the situation. From the day the fairy informed my parents of my fairytale I have been trained to be the perfect damsel in distress for my prince, and the brave victim for my kidnapper. pissed to. Tomorrow was incandescent. 'This' was a pair of pajamas, a christmas present from a misguided great-aunt. The man shot off the bed, bounding across the room and trapping Tomorrow against the walls. Startled, Tomorrow glanced up. Tomorrow shrugged. Soren said. Tomorrow woke up shivering. Wrapping his arms around his waist, Tomorrow walked downstairs. said Tomorrow. Tomorrow replied. said Tomorrow. Tomorrow banged out of the kitchen. He had grown up in the city. Tomorrow dropped behind the boulder as the voices approached. Tomorrow waited until the two men left earshot. Tomorrow smacked the steering wheel. The town was forty minutes away. The truck heaved itself up the last hill and stalled. Tomorrow shrieked. The tub was one of the old, freestanding kind. Tomorrow ran a hand over his head. Tomorrow squirmed. Tomorrow slid away from him. The bed was empty. Tomorrow emerged half a day later, prodded by his stomach and kidneys. There was a storm coming. The sun was setting, reds and purples streaking the horizon. Tomorrow lay still as Soren kissed him again, trailing down from his temple, over his cheekbone, along his jaw. Tomorrow's limbs felt heavy. he said. Soren shook his head and bolted. Tomorrow didn't like the look in the officer's eyes. The officer passed him a photocopy of a sketch. Tomorrow snorted. Tomorrow lay awake, the shotgun beside him. A goddamned whore. Tomorrow groaned. He flipped idly through his sketch pad. Shoving his hands into his pockets, Tomorrow meandered downstairs for a snack. The woman was short and slim, with black hair wrestled into braid and bright blue eyes behind frameless glasses. Tomorrow led them into the library, after offering coffee with bad grace. The bathroom was a wreck. Love and Reynolds spent the night. Tomorrow stood in the center of the clearing. Tomorrow jumped. They each threw at the same time. he said. A fist slammed into Tomorrow's side. Time slowed to a trickle. Everything went hazy after that. Tomorrow opened his eyes and wished he hadn't. The leaves had turned. The wind picked up. The painting was technically perfect, but Tomorrow hated it. said Tomorrow. Soren smiled. Soren kissed him, delicate and innocent. Tomorrow said, out of breath. [A/N: This was supposed to be short! Nonconsensual Love - Chapter 1I couldn't believe my sister said that! And me. But for that matter, neither was Morocco, where we'd been kidnapped. And this guy was just another black, as far as I was concerned. I had to say something! It sounded both too good – and too horrible – to be true. I turned to Lisa. When I caught myself thinking that, I realized that I was going to have to agree to it. Food was upper-most on our minds at first, but as we ate and drank, I started catching Lisa looking at me out of the corner of her eyes. If, that is, he was in fact the owner. Not that it made much difference now. Well, whatever, it still made me feel nauseous thinking about what I was going to have to do. I said, trying to sound like I believed it. The man looked at me once I was topside. I'd have thought we'd at least motor out of the harbor, but apparently not. I noticed the locker next to the helm – usually there's a flare-gun in there - but it was pad-locked. To my surprise, he tries to make small-talk. I said, trying to sound tough. The man told me his name: but I'd never be able to pronounce it anyway. By evening, we were in open ocean. In a little while, he came down too. I wished again he'd taken Lisa instead. What – like I could change my mind now? I turned the shower on as hot as I could stand it. I stayed in the bathroom a long time trying to decide what to do – I certainly didn't want to put my filthy clothes back on. My face was burning with humiliation. He threw me a plain white t-shirt. His voice sounds funny as he says,  I hear him whisper to himself, God Almighty. After he left, and I'd recovered a little, I made my bed on the floor, on the side of the bed away from his desk. While I waited for him to come back, I thought about my situation. At least he seemed educated. So I'd gotten through my first day without getting fucked up the ass. I said simply. I really didn't want to spend time with the man, but what the fuck could I do? Yesterday had been cloudy, but now the skies were clear, and I was blinded as soon as I stuck my head out. I mumbled a response and tried to see where he was through my squinted eyes. My eyes were adjusting better by now, and I was kind of shocked when I looked over at Sno again. By the time were done, I needed to pee. He found a straw hat for me and sunglasses for all of us – he had a whole drawer full of them - and invited my sisters and me up on deck after lunch. But really, I was kind of getting used to the idea of being a whore. I knew what was coming. He'd called me 'pretty'. Because I knew I was 'pretty'. I said under my breath. Great. I was only six feet away, but I almost stumbled on my own feet as I went up to him. He seems fascinated by my stomach and chest for awhile, then he slides one hand down my arm and into my hand, while his other hand goes across my shoulder and up my neck to my ear. His eyes are closed. I just stared at him like that while he kept touching and feeling my hair, and holding my hand. That was it? he says. This wasn't going how I'd thought it would at all. That's all I heard, because suddenly the line I was working on flew out of my hands. It was kind of funny – but I tried not to smile. I asked. That was exactly what I was thinking, so that's what I did. And then I notice – the boat's not rocking anymore. Trouble is: I was wide awake, there was nothing to do, and I was frankly just bored to death. I could understand that. The clock in the galley said it was three a. I walked up to the bow, just to look around. I damn sure wasn't going to get all romantic with him, but there were some things I wanted to know. Five years before I was born. So Sno was a Minister, an Oxford-educated man, and one who knew 'how things were' in his country. I sat quiet for awhile, thinking about things. That was the first time I'd called him by name. And that movement helped Jessica make up her mind. he murmured as she stepped off at her stop. Two years later, Jessica stepped into a packed theatre with friends to watch the first mainstream film with Camden in a lead role. When they walked out of the theatre almost two hours later, Jessica was nearly in tears with pride. She huffed and unfolded the paper. And when, three years later, Camden and Jessica got married, they asked Fred to step in as the minister. So this is my second (unrelated) installation in my 'Bus' series ('Backseat Confessions' was the first). P.S. Anybody waiting on the next chapter of 'Bet You Can't'. But yeah, something I sorta' remembered from a dream. It was simple. OK, I'm going off track here. My best friend Casey Robinson was pregnant. -that if Casey did something she did it for a reason, she knew what her course of action would be and she knew what the consequences of those actions would be. No you very evil people she was not a…sleep-arounder. (He lost a quarter of a million pounds. (Prada boots! Point is, you don't think twice about anything like that. Not that I'm saying that's what I did, or what you should do. So, there I was running in something other than my PJ's, coat and converses, down to the local grocery store. I said. I ran into the store which was open, thankfully. I was walking up the till; I was stretching out to put the pineapples on the counter when some jerkoff put his latte on the table. I snapped at the too-tall-for-his-own-good guy. he asked. I replied coolly. I replied shruggina. he said grinning. he said teasing me by giving me a whiff of it. My brain said no, but my free hand reached out and grabbed the latte before jerkoff/monkey-boy/Gods-gift/line-stealer could do anything. I shrieked to the cab driver. The jerkoff/monkey-boy/Gods-gift/line-stealer must have said something right because the cab driver shrugged at me apologetically and started to drive off. I said tiredly ready to go back to bed. A week had past before anything else happened. she said to me as we waited outside the lawyer's office. she said winking. I walked into Mr Law's very spacious office. An hour later we were finished with my business of my dad's will. he said still in his business like voice. he said. he answered. I said smugly walking with a bounce. I opened up my bag and looked for it. In the end he gave me back my diary, in exchange for me going on a date with him for dinner. I settled with a grey sweater dress, black tights (I hate the word pantyhose/stockings whatever we call it), and grey ankle boots. We went to a simple restaurant, had dinner, talked, danced and that was it. I learnt a lot about him. he asked frowning. I could tell I was rambling, but I got cut off because a pair of oh-my-gosh worthy lips slammed into my. Just as things were perking up, disaster struck. With all that drama going on I had no time to call Clinton back, he'd left a few messages on my machine. he demanded from behind the door. he said pulling me into a hug. It's funny. Instead of asking them to move out, three people's stuff was just too much to hall around, I volunteered to move. Maybe it was because I was dating a lawyer. he said panicky. he said calmly. Sleep-arounder – A nicer way of saying 'whore'. DISCLAIMER - Anything you recognise e. With that aside, I'm happy to say that I will be re-posting this story while editing some of it as I go. I can feel the wind beating at my skin as I sit in the back of Jason's truck with my two friends, Erika and Alex. For some reason, I get the feeling that I don't belong. I shout, running towards the water and diving in. The moon looks breathtaking, not to mention safe to look at, up there in the dark sky. I suppose that's true, in a manner of speaking. And with that, she swims backwards on her back before turning around on her belly, swimming back to the group with the grace of a mermaid. I drop the last of the boxes on the floor, happy to be done unpacking. I nod, ready for him to go. Once I'm sure he's not coming back to add anything, I walk over to the window, looking out almost bitterly at the moon. anywhere. Lola was a makeup guru, and always looked like she came out of a fashion magazine. Macie was my other bestie. But my number one motto is stay positive; even at the worst times. Jayden Miller was the typical, likable, boy next door type of guy. I was actually really picky when it came to guys. Damn it! I know there was no point of arguing with Mrs Dallas, so I quietly went back to sleep. He had short, dark brown hair, and piercing grey eyes that looked like he didn't care a damn. Wesley Blake. But here's the things about me. I was shocked to hear him speak. I said quietly. I think this was the first time Wesley and I had ever looked at each other face to face. I told him. Was this guy threatening me? I sat there in awe. I mean. So don't forget to. Lauren was concentrating very hard. From the swings, Lauren could see that Erik wasn't happy as he stalked towards her from the other side of the park, but she also knew he wouldn't yell at her. The swing had almost slowed to a stop but Lauren didn't mind that Erik hadn't gotten up to push her again. Lauren grinned back happily, and hopped off her swing. She was sitting in her desk that was pushed up against the window. It had been some time since she had seen Erik. She had last seen him at a meal at his old house, where his parents still lived, just before she had started study leave for her final exams. It was easy to love Erik, and Lauren was very good at it. When she had started to visit him in London at 16 years old, she had noticed the gap that had seemed to grow between them. Yet Lauren couldn't help herself. Erik rolled his eyes but from his grin Lauren knew that he had brought something with him. Lauren stepped back into the house and out the way as her parents fussed over him as if he was their own child. He had come for dinner at hers, but he would be returning to his parents' house later that night. It made him grin, which was what she had been aiming for, but the silence stretched between them again. she wisecracked, though neither of them laughed. When she looked up at him Erik was standing at her bookcase studying the photo-frames of her and her friends. Lauren was only slightly surprised that Erik had guessed so accurately about the life she wanted to lead. She heard the words, and smiled benignly, although she didn't really feel it. Lauren must have shaken the hands of fifty people, some of whom she was sure she should know but didn't, and others she absolutely didn't know but they apparently knew her, or had at least heard of her. Erik looked amazing. When they opened, the bright sunlight was too blinding at first to see anything, but then a vision in white entered the room on her father's arm. Soon the vows were taken and the kiss was cheered, and the happy couple were making their way back down the aisle. Despite years of practice, Lauren could not paint her toenails without painting most of the rest of her toes. Groaning, she hobbled to the phone and grabbed it from the table at the entrance of the flat she shared with her unusually absentee roommate. Lauren was shocked into silence. Lauren remembered. Anger was beginning to simmer inside Lauren's heart when she heard the heartbreak in Erik's voice and it was all she could do to keep a sharp retort about Fran at bay. Laughing, Lauren collapsed into a chair. Erik shook his head and watched the other dancers flurry about. Erik had put his beer bottle on the floor and put his face in his hands. She leaned forward, placing a gentle hand on the back of his head, and kissed him lightly on the temple. They chose Erik's parents' back garden for the wedding. Erik grinned at his friend. Not long after, the string quartet paused from playing classical music and began the wedding march. He watched as his two small cousins walked down the aisle as flower girls, throwing handfuls of petals up in the air and even straight at people in their seats if they recognised them. She was dressed in a beautiful white dress, and the small tiara that Marcie had persuaded her to wear was twinkling prettily in her hair. First of all, let me say that I think your new email address is retarded. You'll be happy to know that Paul and I have finally unpacked all those blasted boxes. How is Maddison? Pass on my congrats to Erik for his promotion will you? As new development go Clare's started playing the violin, much to my horror. And I hear that congratulations are in order on an unexpected soon-to-be new addition to your lives! Anyways, must dash. A/N: I just wanted to say a big thank you to everyone who has let me know they like my stories. Rachel planned to be there to greet him when he did, she would give him a piece of her mind. He quirked his eyebrow and leaned against the doorway. In a perfect world, I'd be able to tell him, my husband, the love of my life, what had happened to make my day so shitty. He said tiredly, like he was telling me for the hundredth time. I think normal people at least try to think of their marriage as permanent. Josh was easy to love. Josh only called me Dove in private. I didn't wait for a response that time. His room was boyishly masculine, done in black and white. His playroom… that was a different matter. After watching Ty sleep for a bit, I went to our room, stripped, and climbed into a very hot bubble bath. Ugh! I tossed and turned for over an hour, trying to stop thinking about Callen and Josh; trying to stop remembering the previous night's dream wherein Nate was naked and fucking me on my desk. Every story has its beginning. Our story is filled with danger and chances. But aren't they all love stories when you get down to it? Yes, our story does follow the other stories in that sense. Once upon a time, in a kingdom not too far from here, there were two countries at war, Benoit and Jolencia. The peace came immediately, and the end of the war was shrouded in mystery. Text copyright © 2010 by K.A. LindeAll Rights Reserved. Note: This is a rough draft preview of the beginning of Avoiding Responsibility. SEQUEL WARNING: STOP BEFORE CONTINUING READING THE CHAPTER! A sing-song tune echoed from a distant location far removed from the king-sized bed where Lexi Walsh lay curled up amongst the sheets. He responded by holding her tight against him as his other hand swooped up and ran through the long thick strands of chocolate brown hair. Instantly, Lexi's heart sped up to an outrageous speed. She had been set-up by Bekah and, inevitably, after a few rather inappropriate experiences with Jack, had convinced him that he was, in fact, ready to marry Bekah. Jack. Lexi groaned as he shifted next to her hauling his tight ass across the bed and over to the enormous closet stocked with expensive suits. She watched his backside retreat down the stairs and out of sight before picking up her purse and fishing out her new cell phone. Her new touch screen came to life at the tips of her fingers and she grumbled at the early hour. She could think of a million and a half reasons for him to be calling her. Lexi threw her head back roughly against the incredibly soft down pillow and bit the inside of her lip to keep from cursing aloud. Lexi banged her head back and against the pillow case several more times in frustration. His voice sent chills up her spine and the intense way he said her name only made it worse…or better depending on how you looked at it. Lexi shook her head. she said curiously. Lexi sat there in silence unable to believe what she had just heard. She hated having to think about Jack that way. Either way, she hadn't received the invitation to which she had been silently praying against. That brought her back to reality. There was only one explanation. she asked running her fingers through her long brown hair as she tried to keep her voice level and under control. Lexi could feel the tears beginning to well in her eyes at the admission. Stepping off of the bed and wandering towards the closet, Lexi stood before the full-length mirror and took a good long look at herself. she shrieked. She sighed quietly and closed her eyes as her mind traveled to a year ago. But she couldn't let another man have control over her decisions. She clicked off the line and hung her head miserably in front of the sink. She knew that she shouldn't attend. Lexi knew all she needed was a fresh start. Anyone related to that heinous bitch should be exterminated from the planet. It didn't matter how he made her feel. Lexi grabbed a long-sleeve white button-up from a hanger on the back of the door and slung it over her head. He gestured for her to sit on a low-backed bar stool tucked into the counter. Lexi choked on the food she had just put in her mouth, chewed a few more times, then swallowed. Lexi's mind was still on the conversation she had just had and knew that she wasn't putting as much emotion into the kiss as she had the previous night. Lexi nearly dropped her fork onto the plate at the question. A smile crept up onto Lexi's face at the question. she said following him upstairs to the bedroom. Lexi ran her fingers through her tangled hair and twisted it up into a tight ponytail at the back of her head. She had sent out her resume to over a dozen law firms in the past two weeks, and was waiting patiently for offers pending passage of the Bar examination. Thus, relaxation was in order. Lexi complimented him stepping up to the threshold. After another brief dig through her purse, though there wasn't much space to begin with in the tiny thing, she banged on Chyna's door hoping she was both alone and awake. Chyna slammed the door closed, fiddled with the lock, and then reopened the door. Chyna said slamming the door behind them and following her through to the living room which was currently in shambles. Lexi attempted to change the subject. Lexi colored slightly at the reenactment. Chyna said clearing her throat,  Lexi sighed and pushed her fingers through her hair as she yanked the ponytail holder out of place. Pop music sounded in the living room causing both girls to jump. Lexi stammered glancing anxiously at Chyna and mouthing who the caller was. This made Lexi smile despite herself. Lexi cringed to keep from saying anything stupid. The way Ramsey just brought Parker up like this hoping to influence her decision made things even worse. She really hated hearing him beg her. Lexi could hear the defeat in the next breath he took. She didn't know how to answer him either. She hadn't seen him in nearly three weeks since she had left him all alone in Atlanta. Jack, it was difficult to even think about him, was a necessary loss. Admittedly, she met Ramsey around the same time she had met Jack. Lexi wasn't a mystical person and she didn't typically adhere to fortune telling or fate. she told him sullenly reverting back into her standard argument. she trailed off. she blurted out in surprise. Lexi's eyes darkened. she said again. There I was, standing in the cafeteria, staring at the hottest guy in school – Zaidie Jones. Cold, freezing cold water engulfed me and I found myself sinking further and further down. I went wild, flapping my arms and kicking my legs, but that made me sink even more, if that were possible. It was then that I opened my eyes fully and observed my surroundings. I hoped to God that he was only half joking about what he had just said. I mentally laughed. I sighed, giving up. I was just about to grab it and let him help me, when an evil thought crossed my mind. I shrugged weakly,  And I reached out a cold, wet, dripping hand towards his. Just then the back door opened and a head poked around it. His sapphire blue eyes widened when he saw me in the pool and he made his way towards the poolside. Kenai stood there with his arms folded across his chest. Actually, tall genes run in the family- well for the boys anyway. The two boys looked at each other, although I couldn't tell what the expressions they exchanged were. Five minutes later found me in my room, looking for some clothes to wear, in nothing but a towel. I frowned and opened my mouth to protest about me 'being in the pool', but Nan stopped me. I loved my Nan. I quickly got changed into my clothes, of course wearing the pair of skinny-legged jeans and a simple T-shirt. Then I picked my school bag up off my bedroom floor and headed out the door and down the steps. He laughed to himself, grabbed an apple, tossed it in the air, caught it and took a huge bite. My brother just gave me a you-know-what-I-said look and headed towards the front door with me following behind him. I bit into my apple,  I protested. After waving goodbye, or more like me waving goodbye and Kenai pretending he didn't know them, we made our way towards the main building. I lazily slid the last number on my combination lock and it clicked open. She seemed to be deep in thought. This was way too much. Krystal bit her lip and twirled her hair around her index finger. As she walked passed him she placed a hand on his chest and my mouth fell open. So here I was, at lunchtime, sitting in the cafeteria with Nikk, Braythe, Kenai and the rest of their jock posse. That voice belonged to none other than my best friend, Zane Chance. I smiled back, however it didn't last long, as a girl came up to him and clung to his arm like there was no tomorrow. I was surprised. I rolled my eyes. Was this girl for real? My eyes were wide with shock. My mouth dropped open right then and there. I should have been happy. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hey there, this is a new story and the only one I have posted under the name Circles in the Water, so far. Attention to all new readers: This story is currently being revised, if you have never read TSR before, I suggest you only read the chapters titled 'Revised Chapter #'. The morning breeze tossed Beth's wavy dark hair behind her, along with her salmon pink skirt and satchel that hung from her shoulder as she continued her way towards the elementary school. It was then that Beth walked past a shop that emitted an appetizing and intoxicating aroma. Connor said with delight. Castle Rock, a larger town north of Keonsville residing closer to Denver, had a large skating rink and diner from the nineteen-fifties that was still in operation. No. he called back to her. While it had taken the other boys until high school to figure out they were into curves, Connor had always loved Beth's generous shape since they were in middle school. Beth quickened her pace as she came up the walkway leading to Keonsville Elementary. Beth responded, not offended by the welcome. No one else in the room dared to acknowledge the man dressed in the black business suit. Even Beth, who was known to be the type of girl who was polite and jovial to everybody, could not deny the tension from his presence. Leah scampered out the door to her class. The time came when they were to go to their assigned rooms, none of them speaking about the event as they left the office. Mark stood still, eyeing her sharply like a hawk. His words were as stoic and robotic as they'd been earlier. Beth could hardly believe it. They parted, and Beth hurried the rest of the way home, the encounter with Mark Sennar playing over and over in her head, unaware that they had been observed by a curious shop owner, whose apartment and open window they had conversed under. The problem of Connor covered by Danny's willingness to accompany them, Beth spent the rest of the night searching her feelings, trying not only to explain her willingness to go out with her ex when he hadn't yet accepted being in the friend zone, and why she was even considering going alone to Mark Sennar's house. That being said, if you attempt to plagiarize any of my work, I will find you. So. on? yeah. enough of that. Steve. I'm sorry. are the best. Are you ready! course! Eben says. my god ew! t'aime. brother man! love you. sucks too. kidding. it. personalities? With tongue. well. waiting for the signal form you, lovely. love you so much. A/N: I wrote this a really long time ago, and I knew even less then than I do now. Wayne fumed at how ignorant and carefree Tanya was. Tanya watched after her father who suddenly looked sick and disappeared. Tanya was pretty much spoiled, since Wayne felt bad about her growing up without a mother, looking up to the elderly housekeeper Mrs. Frion for advice. On the other hand, the value of hard work meant nothing to her, as there were maids to do her every bidding and chauffeurs to bring her anywhere she wished within a reasonable limit of distance. . . . okay. . done here for another hour and I can catch a taxi. in the air. I can give you a bandage or something. That being said, if you attempt to plagiarize any of my work, I will find you. So. it off me! the first chapter of this. Not physically, no. Skyler Ashford – a. Nine out of ten times I'd ignore Mrs. Keeley in Math class and doodle hearts on my notebook instead. Since it looked good, I concluded that we were destined to be together. But perfect guys, being the hot commodity that they are, often have a horde of girls chasing after them. He'd give them the same excuse all the time. Sometimes the same girl would go to him more than once, wondering if he'd changed his mind about mystery crush. The list of girls who hadn't confessed became shorter and shorter. Vanessa grinned and flipped her red hair behind her. Vanessa Tarver. It was now or never. I paused. All of them stopped talking. I chewed my lip and continued to stare at the ants on the floor. His friend teased. Silence. Was the silence really supposed to last this long? My vision blurred and I fought against my tears. They were just trying to be nice. I sniffled and smiled. It was at least 100 feet to the water. Despite the chill hanging in the dank air, he was sweating. Taking a deep breath and holding it, the man pulled his cargo off the floor of the backseat. The man then reached inside and turned the car's ignition back on, cringing as the sound cut through the eerie silence. He did not linger. A/N: Trying out a new story! I'm hoping to veer away from Out of My Hands (my last story) territory. I turned off my computer and pulled on my sweatshirt as fast as I could, especially since the silence in the room was now tense and awkward… they were obviously waiting for me to leave. I replied with relief. he replied easily as we crossed the common room to the door that led to the stairwell. I grumbled back as we began climbing the stairs to the third floor, where the boys lived. He laughed again as we reached their floor. My heart went out to him at the sight of his exhausted expression. I studied his profile for a moment. We had been together since junior year of high school. he asked, shrugging me off. Patrick rolled his eyes. I suppressed a smile at the name and then shook my head. Jeremy sighed heavily and then rose from his desk. I agreed as he opened his door and called Patrick's name. we said goodbye and hung up. Yeah, I was well aware of that. I agreed and then kissed Jeremy quietly. he agreed, holding the door open for me. he began as I heard male voices in the distance call his name. she grunted back as she grabbed her headphones off her desk. Melissa sat down at her desk in front of her computer as I sat down on her bed. she corrected. Melissa said as I reached the door. I unlocked my door and carefully eased it open, hoping that I wasn't going to walk in on Natalie's naked new boy toy, but instead found Natalie alone, standing in the middle of our room, clad only in her lingerie. She glared at me hatefully. When I came back from the shower, I was relieved to see that she was gone. I was dead asleep before I woke up to an all too familiar noise. Of course she wasn't going to her 9 AM class, she never did… but she set her deafening alarm clock anyway. I got ready for the day, grabbed my backpack, and then left my room. It wasn't the first time the thought had occurred to me… it would be nice to have a boyfriend around more often, one who wasn't wound up so tight all the time. Three girls clothed in terrycloth sweat suits sat down in the row in front of me. he smirked down at me. I raised an eyebrow at him. Patrick said slowly. I blinked in surprise as the gears whirled in my head. He pulled me back and looked me in the eye. I walk on my four legs with confident strides, hoping to put on a calm façade for my little sister. Ainsley what if someone gives me their pre mark. Relax, I won't let that happen. We soon arrive on the west side of the forest, and I can see a bunch of giddy female wolves, anxious to get a mate. I know Chantal wants a mate, but she is not ready for one right now. This will be my third mating run, I survived the last two and I sure as hell plan on surviving this one. I do have to admit that Ace Sinclair is a gorgeous male specimen. I nudge Chantal, and motion for her to follow me. No, stay their; I am going to a small burrow a few miles away from here, I will be back to check on you tomorrow afternoon. Okay, I see you later sis. Love you too sis. I reach the cliffs, and look at the raging waters crashing violently against the rocks. I stare him down for a few minutes, and he starts to growl at me. The wills in my mind start spinning; trying to think of way to escape. The male wolf starts charging towards me, and I start running straight for the cliffs. I finally reach a part of the shore, and drag my body out of the water and I collapse on the small beach; sand mixing with my fur as I make an imprint of my body in the sand. I lay my aching head down, and try to relax my muscles a bit. I think I should start turning back; I don't want to be too far away from Chantal. I start decide that I should just start sniffing for something to eat, and then go check on Chantal to make sure she is still in hiding. My world comes to a crashing halt when I feel his teeth tear through the fur and skin on my neck. The wolf gets off me, and I slowly start to get up; I feel too weighed down by defeat and sadness to even move, but I do. I start to see everything happen in slow motion; Liam comes up to us to congratulate Ace on finding a mate. I just wanted to say thanks to everyone who has supported Ki Fashions over the years by reviewing the story and helping to guide me into creating better fiction. A/N: Sup, everyone? RoseRose wasn't sure exactly how she came to meet such an unusual person. A few of the seniors and other juniors watched her as she walked past, but more or less ignored her. The receptionist was young, mid-thirties with short red hair and expressive green eyes. his voice was smooth – a sexy purr that dropped down into an insulting octave. Both Rose and the receptionist gasped at the rude words. Rose grinned reassuringly and the receptionist nodded and sent her on her way. And just like that, she knew immediately that she had dealt with the boy in the worst possible manner. Rose mentally sighed. But Rose didn't answer, too caught up in the mess that was her mind at that precise moment. Could someone remind her as to why they were speaking about this in such a casual manner? Thorn grabbed her hand and towed her down the hallways out to the back of the school and into the student car park. Saber, a bad-ass-looking male with brown hair and purple eyes – obviously contacts. The tall blond let the cigarette fall from his fingertips and crushed it with his platforms before stepping over to her, blowing smoke in her face. Cloud's eyes narrowed and he circled around her, pushing her to step back towards the Ford. Oh, not good. Thorn gasped. His tone turned dark and she was scared despite his admittance. And then the attention simply diverted itself away from the flower and the two boys were now having an argument. Considering the fact that she was new, that made perfect sense, but she didn't have to like it. Boys were dangerous territory and when they said something like that, you could never trust them, even if their intention was only casual conversation. Saber held out the cigarette to her half-heartedly, as though he was afraid to let it go. For evidence, the two boys pulled their trench's back to reveal their weapons. At that comment, Reaper's lips former into a cruel smile and his eyes finally met Rose's. Oh, so the rumours had already spread, had they? Spinning on her heel, she stormed past the amused blond and into the classroom, intent on finding a seat for herself when cat-calls and wolf-whistles started echoing around the classroom at her entrance. Cloud and Saber were glaring at the entire classroom, almost threatening them to continue. The teacher finally said gruffly, and quickly checked her name on his list before writing his name on the board. There were loud groans of complaint. Cloud scoffed and wrapped an arm around her. Rose surprised herself. No, she had to appear in control of the situation. Rose shuddered, trying futilely to stop the flood of mental images. They way he said harmless was certainly questionable. Surprised, Rose did as she was told with the tall goth following a few steps behind her. Cloud stared at his teacher for a moment before he smirked in understanding. God help her in trying to resist him. I will be publishing a piece of each of my stories. Celeste looked up to her father and she saw his eyes filled with love for her. Celeste heart was filled with fear when her eyes met her mother's. Her father mounted the carriage that was waiting for him. Text copyright © 2011 by S.C. StephensAll Rights Reserved. The plot and the characters were a nice distraction from Kellan &amp; Kiera and the Adams clan, so I decided to play around with it…see where the story took me. Please forgive the shortness of the prologue. Some places in the world have such gradual climate changes that they seem to spend the year in one perpetual season—it's always warm, it's always cold, it's always raining. Makayla had been watching the girl for the past couple of months whenever work was slow. While Makayla's job could be a little tedious at times, the costumed girl acted like she had the best gig in town. Makayla momentarily envied the girl's exuberance. And Makayla liked working here, for the time being at least. She worried about money, too, but working with it all of the time pushed it to the back of her mind when she left her job. A young man stepped to the edge of the rope line separating the customers from the tellers and Makayla warmly invited him to her section of the long counter. Shaking her head at the youth as she prepared his cash, Makayla hoped he didn't rush out and spend it all in one place. As she started laying out the bills on the counter, counting them out for him and for the cameras recording every movement she made, Makayla noticed an elderly woman at the front of the rope line. Biting her lip, Makayla hoped the youth grabbing his wad of cash would take just a little longer, so her co-worker would have to take Ester. Makayla glanced at her co-worker, Neil, right as he glanced at her. Makayla smiled and turned back to the young man that was lazily leaving her counter. The rope line empty for a moment, Makayla twisted to smile at Neil. Neil was cute, by most girls' standards. But she didn't hold it against him that he had great genes. Makayla adored him for his endless friendship and loyalty. Listening to Neil sigh as the sound of change dumping filled the air, Makayla watched a woman filling out a deposit slip. The woman also had small feet like Makayla. And they seemed real too as the woman jiggled her way to the rope line. A jingle at the door signaled the arrival of more customers. Three men in non-descript clothes walked in together. Like a bad western movie, Makayla complied and raised her hands. As employees and customers huddled and cowered, anger shot up Makayla's spine. While the gunman at the door started collecting purses and cell phones, the robber by Neil and Ester ran off down the hall quick as lightening. Height for example. Makayla's momentary courage dwindled at the thought of a bullet streaking from that metal to lodge into her skull. With shaking fingers she hurried to obey his orders. Yanking open the drawer, she stuffed all of the big bills she had into a bag that the robber pulled from his jacket pocket. The criminal at Makayla's station calmly looked over at Ricky, then around at the other cashiers while Makayla shoved all of the hundreds that she had left into the bag. When her drawer was empty, she tossed the bag at the robber. As the man's hand reached down to grab the bag of cash on the counter, his sleeve slid up his arm. Makayla's eyes snapped up to the robber's. Anyway, you're probably wondering why Emmalynn just randomly decided to tell me the name of some random dude. I mean, sure, don't get me wrong, he's gorgeous. Let me tell you why he's not sexy in my book. I'm the only girl in this school who hasn't fallen under the spell that is Andrew James Hadley. So, for the past five(well, now it's eight, hehe), I've been staring at him, trying to figure him out through his body language. A frustrated sigh escaped my lips as I took a seat behind Mister Andrew Hadley himself, which was also the seat beside Miss I-have-to-work-too-hard-to-win-everything, Elizabeth Mathers. A few girlish squeals followed that as Noah stood up and exited the auditorium so he could head to the freshman meeting place, which used to be in the principal's office, but now is held in the cafeteria. Surprise, surprise, I thought as they said Jordin's name. What sounded like a million girlish squeals erupted through the auditorium and I immediately clasped my hands over my ears. Principal Webster said, and I swear, I could feel myself tearing up. Somebody shoot me. Everyone nodded. I snapped, which caused a few gasps on my part. I mumbled as we started walking towards Emmalynn's car. I spat, surprised at the venom in my voice. Emmalynn insisted, and I was seriously considering playing the game. Who does that bitch think she is telling me what I can and cannot do? I mumbled bitterly as we finally reached my car. I rolled my eyes at Mikey's words, but I didn't say anything, because I couldn't deny that she's hot. Mikey rolled his eyes. Let's play a love game,play a love game. Cadence is my fifteen year old little sister, who has an attitude worse than what mine will ever be. Still, she is the exact opposite of me. We may be siblings, but we have less in common than most enemies do. To the right, to the right, to the right, to the right, to the right. I mumbled, hating that I had to repeat myself. Cadence whispered, confusing me a little, but I just followed her lead. By the time the dance was finished, Cadence and I doubled over with laughter and landed on her bed. I blurted, not allowing myself much time to think through what I was saying. Cadence spat. The game would start tomorrow at my house and Andrew Hadley will be begging for mercy when I'm through with him. Chapter 1Set Realistic GoalsCongratulations on buying this book and taking the first step to maintaining your New Year's resolution. Have you ever appreciated the beauty of a toilet bowl? This is what I am experiencing at this moment. My head started the familiar pounding sensation and my own heart beat sounded like a marching band in close proximity. I felt two hands grab my ankles and pull me over to the bath tub, the rustle of my sequined dress sounding like someone banging on tin. My room mate Matt asked, a cigarette hanging loosely from his lips, he took a drag and exhaled before putting it out on the window sill. I groaned. I yelled. I glared. I walked around from behind the screen and sat beside him, feeling fresher and less hung over then before. The cafe was only three blocks from where we lived so I enjoyed the brisk walk, we lived on a street that still had cobblestone roads and it gave our home a real old-school feel. Under many of the apartments were little cheap boutiques and cafes, these were closed as well except for one, a book shop that had its door wide open and soft music tinkling out. Well it didn't say the last one, but the slogans on the white posters were hard to miss, as was the pyramid of books standing behind the glass. I made my decision with a private smile and bound into the bookstore, grabbing one of the books from the window, slamming it down on the counter. Apparently I had a 'Face', which was basically my bottom lip inadvertently popping out when I was upset. I rattled off, remembering some of the resolutions I had made over the past eight years, as I was reminiscing about them the thought that maybe I had got ahead of myself had crept into my mind. For those of you joining us for the first time. For those lovely AWCU fans who have decided to have a peek at my new story welcome back! National Youth Soccer Team,1st place Palisades Tournament,1st place SadeBerg track meet- 400 meter run. place 4 by 4 relay. soccer, yet hardly noticed at school. public schools. after her father. odd ethnic mutt, ½ Greek and ½ Lebanese, where could she go? Punk rockers? occasional radio. Scouts, etc. So . Everything turned dark when her mother died at the hands of a drunk driver. Selina play in a soccer tournament. Wilson Sharp was my best friend, and had been for the last eight years. My heart seemed to freeze. I don't know why I said that. I hung up the phone without saying anything more. My best friend had just attempted suicide. I whispered. I collapsed into my father's arms and cried. I didn't bother to answer. I felt antsy and nervous about seeing Wilson. I walked in without knocking, something I was used to doing by now. However, the house had never felt so cold and unwelcoming. Andrea said. My dad and Ken conversed in low voices at the other side of the kitchen, but Andrea put her arm around my shoulders and led me out of the room and up the stairs. I said honestly, finally looking up at her. I heard a weak  from behind the door. Andrea opened the door and let me inside. I stood frozen for a moment until my eyes found him. However, it wasn't just his wrists that were bandaged. Then I looked at his face. As his full image registered in my mind, I broke down. He didn't flinch at my touch like I expected. This shocked me and relieved me at the same time. I let myself out of the embrace and looked at him. I looked back to yesterday and wondered how I didn't see any signs. can't sing for shit. strength. can't name. Have I ever dated, you ask. know what's coming. Why don't we see each other anymore? childhood. This is. I chomped down the cookie with relish, wiping my dirty mouth untidily. I asked Uncle Henry, jumping on the fat green chair in front of his table, holding onto a drawing I did just the day before. Tipping my head to one side, I smiled. They told me my goldfish was dead. I blinked hard. Okay. This is utterly preposterous. You see, I have been homeschooled my whole life. Oh, I guess the butler and Mr. Chapman counted as men. I demanded. I asked incredulously. I've always known Mr. Chapman was rich. But me? Mr. Chapman never lets me spend too much. I even have my own company too! Wow. Which I'm not. I said. Great! I called out sweetly. he called out, pleased to have caused such a sudden outburst. A trick. I wrote these stories from my early teens to my late teens. I am taking these stories down because as I've gotten older, I realize that many of the things I wrote about were out of my depth. Taking a deep breath, Shaun Evans made a quick wish and blew out the twenty-one candles on the cake in front of her. Shaun abruptly sat up, consequently setting off the mini jackhammers in her head. She. Alton Lewis cried out as he sunk a shot, sharing a high five with Derek Hunt. Shaun and Christina shared a knowing smirk. Christina pulled the bottom of her shirt down as if it had ridden up; making the neckline lower until the top of her aqua colored bra peaked out. Shaun and Christina continued with their tactics throughout the remainder of the game. Shaun's attention was diverted from the conversation as a group of four came down the stairs. Shaun inched her way to the edge of the large bed, not wanting to aggravate her pounding head. She flipped on the switch and was reminded how bad light and a hangover went together. A dizzy spell hit her as she sought out her hidden treasure in the drawer. she moaned in between retches. a deep, husky voice told her. Shaun ached as she reached up to flush the toilet, ridding her nostrils of the putrid fumes in the bowl. She rested her elbows on her knees and held her head in her hands. Lord, kill her now. Reed Winters was a rare find, considering most twenty-two year old males. The fact didn't seem to go unnoticed by other members of the female population either. Just because Reed wasn't on the university's sports' teams didn't mean he wasn't fit. He had a defined jaw that made Shaun want to cup it in her hands. Shaun watched as Reed walked out of the bathroom to get the bottle of pills. She muttered her thanks and swallowed the pills before handing the water back to Reed. He threw his head back against glass shower door and let out a hearty laugh. Once his laughter died off, they sat in a comfortable silence. She nodded in agreement as he got to his feet. Shaun ran the water until it reached a nice hot temperature while she quickly brushed her teeth. She had a hickey. he murmured before connecting their equally swollen lips once more. Reed Winters ran his hands through his brown hair after he shut the bathroom door and headed for the laundry room. She had the looks to match her intelligence. Her eyes demanded attention whenever they were focused on someone. And damn, her smile was just as bright as her personality. But most importantly. He shook his head while letting out a breath to try and rid himself of thoughts about her. He could still feel her baby soft skin underneath his hands when he picked her up bridal style and rushed through his bedroom and to the toilet. He opened the dryer door and took out Shaun's clothes and folded them in a pile atop the machine. Aaron asked. Reed grabbed Shaun's clothes and made his way to his bedroom as Aaron left with Amanda. The sound of the shower running was missing when he entered the bedroom. His arm was raised to knock on the bathroom door when it swung open from the other side. One more glance at the amount of skin the towel showed, Reed knew he was in deep shit. She cursed herself for wayward thoughts as she watched him turn his head to the ceiling. Shaun sank to the side of the bed and let out a long breath. While towel drying her hair, she thought of how Reed seemed a little off. It hit her. Reed opened the door fully, carrying a tray with two mugs of a steaming liquid and a plate of toast. Shaun patted a spot near her on the bed. He went on to explain more and she listened while the memories came back. he blurted before he could stop himself. That was all the encouragement Reed needed. Shaun made her way to the middle of the dance floor where all the unmarried ladies gathered. Shaun's basketball instincts took over as she lunged in front of every other girl the bouquet. She made her way over to where the groomsmen were standing, drinks in hand. As he wrapped his arms loosely around her waist, she noticed the baby blue garter around his bicep. Don't you all just love when my real life experiences inspire a oneshot? This was my first attempt at writing an entire piece in third person! First round of voting for the Love With a Twist of Fate Awards ends soon! Los Angeles, California, is gearing up to host it's annual freestyle motocross championship, and stakes are high this year. Brodie Kyle hit the save button on her Word document, then sent the attachment to her mentor and editor, Richard Duke. Brodie glared at him and pulled the strap of her laptop bag on to her shoulder before locking up her office. Tristan West hung his helmet on the handlebars of his motorcycle and tried to slow his breathing. Alex asked. Brodie came off the plane feeling better than she did after her talk with Richard the day before. Dusty navigated them around the city and, at Brodie's urging, made it to the venue before even checking in to the hotel. The reporters murmured among themselves, looking around at each other. Tristan was waiting for Alex to finish his latest run when he glanced over at Trent Cox helping a dark-haired, petite girl over the gate onto the track. Brodie shifted from one foot to the other, searching for Dusty again. Alex saw her coming first. Tristan nodded his thanks and watched her go. Dusty took to the track with his camera in order to get the best shots during the competition, leaving Brodie to her pencil and notepad, hand moving furiously over the paper, taking specific notes on everything. Brodie settled into her hotel room and freshened up a little bit before she had to meet Dusty in the downstairs lobby for the riders' party. Brodie grumbled, turning back for the hotel room. She didn't even get the chance to argue because Dusty had hurried off to find his latest love interest, and the security guard who checked her name off the list opened the door for her. Alex Higgins sat with Tristan West and Dustin Kearney, his old friend and teammate from Hoyle Racing. Dustin laughed along with Alex, and the two of them turned their attentions back to the girls they had been observing before Brodie was spotted. For those that didn't catch it or haven't read my story On Any Day (shameless plug? She stood there standing under the moonlight glory. he murmured as he crept up behind her. They basked in each other's presence before they both felt the heaviness of the situation rest on their shoulders. She'd turn around by this time. she whispered, her eyes locking with his. she finally said after a long period of silence. His features softened when her face broke. He heard her sniffle. He looked down, trying his damn hardest to keep breathing. But I'd be leaving her either way . He tightened his grip and she hugged him even tighter. They wished time would freeze. He lifted his head. Her sobs were stifled, but he felt them against his body. That moment, he pulled back and placed both hands on each side of her face. She shook her head furiously trying to choke back a sob. He smiled a little and pulled away. He stepped away from her and drank in the look of her. she whispered. He bowed. He smiled tenderly at her, just one last time, and he shook his head. She closed her eyes and discreetly wiped away the tears from her eyes. It was for the best. Her knight in shining armor. And that's all he'll ever be. Disclaimer to every name brand thing you recognize and the songs are not mine…. a/n: alright so I took down Heartbreaker because I lost interest in writing it past 1/4 of the way through chapter two, but I want to thank anymore who had been interested in it. I could not believe this. I groaned as I hung up. The last place on my list was a jewelry shop. He said in a snotty tone. I stared at the man in a sort of awe. Once I was on the sidewalk I was hit with the realization that, that was the last place on the list. After I'd left the Chinese place a couple things happen at once. The next thing I know I'm on the ground and there's an old man laying next to me. I turned to the sidewalk to see Marsha standing there. By the time 9 pm rolled around I was ready. Marsha gushed again as we finished getting ready. It was Wednesday night, which has conveniently Ladies Night. Ruby was the bitch of the group. Carissa piped up. Once in junior high I'd forgotten to turn in a huge end of the year assignment, it was a big grade and I would have surely of flunked. Then in high school, I was dating the  of the school. But those weren't the only times that Heath had pulled me back from trouble. Jay crossed his arms unbelieving. I explained with a sigh. Leave it to Marsha to break the tension. I turned around to see if he was worthy of Marsha. It was him. Heath asked as I stood up pushing the chair back. I smiled awkwardly down at him as I hurried out of the bar. I stayed out there for a while, nearly freezing. I said through chattering teeth. Oh shit. I shrugged. I smiled as he handed over his too-big-for me coat as he headed back in. a/n: there you have it. course! herself. was. wives. peaked out of the bathroom. feeling. in front of you. It is estimated that at one time in history there were at least 30 different species of wolves. Anja continued to press her body forward as hard and fast as she could, ignoring the persistent pain of her broken front leg and the warning signs of her bodily functions shutting down. It's amazing what a person is willing to sacrifice to prevent the complete decimation of their species. As a child, Anja was often scolded for being so strong-willed. The elders were certain that relocation was the only way to avoid complete decimation. The territory disputes with native Inuit packs began shortly after their beautiful daughter, Mika, was born. The simultaneous exquisite relief and searing pain of her soon to be loss hit Anja with amazing force as she came upon a faded timber wolf trail – a flicker of hope for her child. The bright red paint of the small home stood out in stark contrast to the powder covered hills and trees it was nestled into. After she laid her one and only child on the doorstep of her future, Anja escaped to the woods nearby. And then he lazily sauntered into class. He wasn't into sports, he was only into music. Then, it was that one day, when he first spoke to me. I had caught him looking at me intensely, in almost a stalker-ish way, and I had gotten all nervous when I caught him looking at me like that. He looked amused for a brief second, but quickly straightened his features. Yes. Whatever it was, I pretty much knew that the both of us were going to be great friends. I rolled my eyes at him. 'AAH! I gasped. 'Okay, okay,' I said giving up, 'you can watch your show; happy? It was strange how we had managed to be so comfortable around each other. Why had he said that? I narrowed my eyes. He grinned, and removed his hand. 'Oh,' I said, finally remembering, 'no, you didn't tell me about it. It was my turn to frown. 'Oookay…' I paused, 'Ooh, let's do what we did last time with that other script you wrote! 'Okay,' he said, exhaling, 'fine. I snatched the copy from his hand and said, 'Okay, we'll do Page… 3. I flipped over to the third page. Joanne: So why did you call me your soul mate? I frowned. Joanne: Figured what out? Okay. Joanne: But you never did. Justin: No, I didn't make a move. Okay…this was too much. 'Is this…? My mouth dropped open. 'But why would I lie to you? Jude looked very, very stunned. I rolled my eyes. 'Why? It happened at the park; Susie still remembered some of it. A woman said. She walked back to her father, tugged at his coat and when Lord Westman looked down, she raised her arms above her head and gave one single command;  Her Papa lifted her with one arm and tucked her into his warmth. There was also the part where she was rich – her father had settled some 50 thousand pounds on her dowry alone – and had inherited her father's blond good looks, Ever since she was a child she could remember people saying things like:  Those were the nice ones; there were the others, like her Aunt Arabella who said how fortunate it was that Susie had only inherited her mothers eyes, and not anything else, as Lady Charlotte was universally regarded as a very nice but rather plain woman. Overnight, people stopped commenting on her looks, if they did it was only to point out how adolescence was so unbecoming in some people. He's over there, just sitting in his chair, fixing Renee's computer (for the fiftieth time this week, can he not just see the girl has it, and bad, for him? I look down in my hands and realise I'm counting the money I've been given to go buy some more printing paper, and set it back down on the table before returning my gaze to Spencer. It's making me feel sick to the stomach, just looking at him. Warm lips meet mine and I smile; I've been waiting for Aaron, my co-worker, to kiss me for months. Smirking, I bring my arms up and around his neck, pulling him closer to me. Spencer, feeling my gaze, turns his head and our eyes meet. I drop the hand and, smiling faux sweetly; spin my chair back around to face my desk. Picking up the money I grab my handbag off of my desk and taking out my wallet I squeeze the money inside, making sure not to mix it up with my own money. I raise both of them now, and cross my arms over my chest. But, stubborn as I remember, he doesn't budge an inch. Blinking, I bite my lip; threw up all over his shirt? It still isn't clear to me why he did – kiss me, I mean – but I assume he didn't know it was me from the look on his face afterwards. Not looking at him I adjust my bag strap and then brush past him, trying to ignore the warmth his tan brown arm gives off for the fraction of a second it touches mine. That's why I can't let him get to me, can't let him talk to me. I slap a hand to my forehead, inwardly cursing my idiocy and screwing up my eyes. Aaron says, and then dragging his other hand down all of the elevator numbers, he plants it on my shoulder just like he did the other one. I ask as he starts slowly backing me towards the other end of the elevator. But Ana doesn't speak, just bites her lip, her eyes fogging over as she gets lost in her own ponderings. So I just don't understand why I could mistake Ana for Renee. Then she bumps past me, our arms touching. Before I realise what I'm doing I'm at my desk, chugging down the rest of it. Feel better I would; I know keeping all of my feelings inside isn't good for me. Crossing my arms over my chest I walk down the hall, spotting the elevator almost about to close and skipping to catch up to it. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised. I hate her. I spot Renee's trademark rain coat and increase my pace with a smile. Sneaking up behind her I spin her around, planting my arms on her waist and my lips on her own. I groan and find myself pressing closer to her, drawing circles on her back with my fingertips and feeling drunk with giddiness. But Ana then promptly threw up all over me and flicking the vomit off of her hands, made a run for it. I should have known; Renee's not the kind to smirk when kissing a boy. I see Aaron wink at me from the other end of the office, and I wink back at him with a little wave of my hand, smirking. I put down my can of drink and look over to his desk. I look over my shoulder once more, eyebrows arched in disbelief. Spencer is being beyond immature for his age; he's acting much like he did at the age of sixteen. If this harassment continues, Spokes; I'm sorry but I'm going to be forced to report you to our superiors. I press ENTER and sit back in my chair, crossing one leg over the other and waiting for his response. To keep him from messaging me, or at least keeping me from getting his messages at present; I log off of the work messenger and then get back to reading over the email. Sure enough as I save the email to my drafts in defeat; I'm hit in the back of the head by a ball of paper. A couple of minutes later another paper ball hits me; only this one sticks to my jacket sleeve for a moment before falling onto my lap. I try counting to ten and back again – but it doesn't work. before he can finish his sentence I bring the can, with a shaking hand, over his head and with a narrow eyed glare tip it upside down over his head. I know that he did see me in that elevator, but I also know he didn't see what he thinks he did. All thing's he has assumed and wrongly so that I've done. Renee opens her mouth to speak, but thinks better of it when I grab a spare toilet paper roll and throw it at her. My eyes scan around the room, fixing on everything but him; I look at the pink walls of the bathroom, and the white tiles with pretty little flowers on them above the sinks. Opening my eyes, I shrug,  I tell him, and then I begin to recall the events of a night I've fought so hard to keep in for five years, my heart pounding. Alex chuckles at me, and then sits himself down before my knees, placing his hands on them and squeezing. I close my lips as tight as I possibly can, refusing to kiss him back to his aggravation. He's here right on time to stop him. I feel my mouth drop, agape, and watch in disbelief as Spencer walks off, not looking back. The door creaks open and Michael Fletcher, my best friend from so many years ago, steps outside. Michael steps out of the way, giving me room to walk inside and I feel a little bit better after a lousy day like yesterday. Looking away I stare at the table instead, setting my jaw; I definitely don't hate her anymore, that's for sure. Eyeing the key I bite my lip, furrowing my brows. I tap my fingers, in conflict with myself, there's also the bad 'what if' situations; like what if she doesn't want to get back together? Blinking, I stare at the third box of chocolates sitting at my desk this week; it has the same hand crafted heart box, same confetti, same amount of effort and same hand written note from Spencer sitting atop all of the chocolate. Renee gives me a look from over at her desk like she thinks I'm crazy and I raise my eyebrows at her, trying to mentally remind her of the toilet paper roll I threw at her. I slump on my desk, trying to avoid looking at my trash bin and pressing my face into my arms; he just won't leave me alone. Growling under my breath and glaring at the little red light I scoot my chair back in, trying to ignore the warm air blowing onto my legs and frowning fiercely. This leads me to the conclusion he stays after work hours just so he can fix a bunch of my stuff every night. So not only am I robbing him of his cash but every single night I leave him standing on his lonesome at the park for presumably half an hour to an hour. But you know what he does when I try? Thinking back, and remembering how much of a jerk he was before, I feel myself wishing for the jerk in him to come back again. I feel my heart flutter, watching him retreat back to his desk, chewing on his own baguette and sinking down in his chair. My jaw drops and I feel my handbag slip off my shoulder and onto the floor. I lower the can and sniff the air again; the mountain dew smells fine, but I can smell something else in the air. I'm about to shift off of the table and go investigate when music starts and who walks in the room but Spencer Spokes. He looks at me a little, before he gives me the biggest smirk and starts walking towards me. Spencer looks down at my lips and I feel my body betraying me, my eyes starting to flutter closed and my torso bending towards him. I agree with her, my hands sliding further down the table and my body moving with it. I swear to her, letting my hands lightly graze the sides of her legs and feeling her slightly squirm beneath my fingertips. Compensating with her leaning back I lean a little more forward,  I want to know, whispering in her ear. I say, bringing my arms around her waist. Why doesn't he just kiss me? Grabbing him by the shirt collar I drag his lips down to mine and wrap my legs around his waist, pressing myself up as close as I can get with clothes on. Spencer doesn't seem at all put off by any of this, though; to be honest I think he's reacting even worse than me about things. he assures me before he lays down on top of me, cradling my head in his hands and then proceeding to kiss me again. I want to know. I let slip and that's when he really wakes up. Spencer stares at me, his mouth wide open. I unwrap my arms from around him and cover my face with my hands. He smirks at me, raising his eyebrows rather suggestively. Like, oh my God you guys. Revise. So I know this guy named Aaron Nottinghem—your typical golden boy-type character. Aaron and I have somehow managed to keep in touch over the years. The Nottinghems moved away some time near the end of elementary school, which left me all by my lonesome self with Beatrice. So imagine my surprise when Mr. Nottinghem himself plopped his tight ol' ass next to mine in homeroom, freshman year. Aaron had gone on and on about this grand little surprise he had in store for me. After threatening to slice off his gonads, I found out that Aaron and his family were moving back in time for him to start high school. To be clear, there isn't a damned thing wrong with Aaron. He's also very, very sweet and very, very funny. Thank GOD he's almost an idiot. Why aren't we together? And I'm not one of those fug, undateable twats either. My idiot friends have long-since given up on me, too. I've asked myself this too. Who knows why. I'm going in circles here. I forgot to mention that one minor little detail, didn't I? I remember when she came in through the door, wheeled in by Mr. Nottinghem, holding a small blanket-wrapped bundle in her lap. Turns out that bundle of joy was just about the ugliest damn thing I ever laid eyes one. Mrs. Nottinghem didn't think so, because she all but mowed us over with her wheelchair when Aaron and I tried to throw the alien prune out of her lap. Jude was a quiet child. But back to Jude. But I do. The reason I haven't been around as much is that things have changed. Nowadays, Aaron and I don't really hang around at his house. Which I will honestly acknowledge is pretty damn creepy—on my part, anyway. He's a freshman, okay? Do I even qualify as a cougar? Never mind that. …and he is 15 and a half. Or should I not? What's half a year, anyway? I'm lazy. Not but seriously, I am so, so, lazy. When I was in high school I did my homework, which was a flipping essay, in the period before. I thought that by the time I got to University, the most important time of my life, I would grow out of the habit and actually do my work on time. Yes, that's right, the idiot inside me changed but forgot to take her slippers off, and the bin-head I call my roommate and best friend, Alyssa, seemed to have forgot to tell me about it! Oh no, I'm a food child! I tried lamely. he said. I saluted and trudged up the stairs. I sat down in my seat and smiled at Drew Taylor. I groaned blinking rapidly. Professor Taylor said to the class. About halfway into the lesson, I did the worst thing possible…I fell asleep in class. I managed to mutter a small apology and thank you to Drew, who just smiled those sweet smiles of his. I said greeting him three weeks later. Drew replied. This week I was tired as hell because it had been Alyssa's birthday party and we planned a night out with our friends. So it started off with me just resting my head on his shoulder. I awoke to the sound of chairs scraping. Drew held out some papers. He pulled away and looked my right in the eyes. I didn't know what to think. I rushed out. The next few days had been disastrous. I realized how stupid I was in just walking away, I mean, who does that? It was pride that kept me from apologising or even telling him how I really felt. The bell rang for the end of the lesson. I pushed the doors open and walked out. I froze. he stuttered. I couldn't hold it in any longer. I asked him. I said and I pushed him against the table and started locking lips. I bet there are loads of stories with this storyline, but if any of them sound really familiar to mine and were written before I published…I'm sorry? But then again, the girl would never have been a damsel in distress. The girl liked stories, but not fairytales, because fairytales always left her with a taste like broken green glass and crushed pearls and bitter diamond dust. The boy's laughing at something with his friends. The girl hates when he's cocky and fronts. The boy's eyes are amber caramel and dark chocolate and tender and warm. I finished typing the last word and it hit me. But it wasn't real. I realized I needed. First of all, thank you for reading this far. Cassidy had the right to sue Cupid. Eunice Morton, who was the one blabbering by the way, was completely clueless to the fact that her friend was ignoring her. Before Cassidy could reply, a melodic but vexatious laughter caught her attention and she didn't have to look to know who it was. Turned out, luck wasn't really on Cassidy's side after all. That was just stupid. Lend it to her? Cassidy sighed. That would have hurt if it were true. she reasoned in calm. The girl chuckled and they proceeded towards their lockers. She wasn't sure if he was still interested in her but just like before, Cassidy didn't even want to entertain the thought. Jim snorted. It was. Sending him a cold stare, Jake walked off with his hands inside the pockets of his hoodie. a/n: okay, here we go. Somewhere More FamiliarChapter OneMystery Womanby: andeeDisclaimer: This story is fictional. She looked at him crossly. Penelope and Noah had been friends since the beginning of time. Noah was a big time advertising executive at a firm downtown. Of course, they'd had their fair share of fights and minor arguments. Penelope tightened her lips and nodded. He groaned as he remembered her pretty blond hair and the way the layers of it softly framed her face. Since he'd lost his appetite, he decided to spend his lunch break waiting to see if she would show up. He took the last drink of his tea and slammed the glass on the table. He stood and walked towards the door, taking one last look to be sure he hadn't missed her. He shook his head. She smiled at him and her cheeks flushed. Noah shrugged. she said, secretly hoping Abbie would turn out to be like all the others. he said, Author's Note: Thanks for reading! Cadence's green eyes strayed over to her boyfriend's car behind him and she shrugged nonchalantly in answer to his question. She reached up to fix it but that seemed to be the wrong thing to do. Ryan's face turned an odd shade of green at her answer. Her boyfriend jammed his hands into his pockets as though keeping them out was dangerous. But Cadence's broken record speech was cut off abruptly as another car slid smoothly into the driveway behind Ryan's Porsche. Ryan, who had heard Cadence's father speak, turned around. Ethan, Patrick, and the boys made their way up the walk toward the house. Cadence rolled her eyes when she felt Ryan begin to pull away from her. Carson only smirked and his aquamarine eyes began to light up in mockery. Ryan growled low in his throat and lunged at Carson. Ryan had a good three inches on Cadence's brother but he still backed down anyway. Cadence's body stiffened automatically at the mention of her puppy and her eyes slid toward the brown-haired, aqua-eyed Adonis sitting at the table. Cadence fought off the urge to slap him and dashed quickly upstairs. 1) What do you think of the characters? 2) What about the dialogue and narration? 3) Are you going to continue reading this? Oops. I am a cute little bunny with a fluffy cotton-ball tail, wire whiskers, and even cardboard buckteeth. I whine, turning in the mirror again. I open my mouth to thank her profusely, but before I can get out even a syllable, she continues. Mom reminds me absently, picking up two more plastic egg shells and filling candy into the bottom one. She had a point there, much to my displeasure. Watch out, world. He places a bowl of Rice Krispy Treats on the table between us and shoves one into his mouth, in what I assume to be an attempt to stall. Another chunk of my dignity breaks off and withers away as I recognize the voice. I exhale tiredly. Logan just smirks and takes off running. He snaps another picture. I let out a screech of fury and lunge forward, but Carter has already begun pulling me back. He asks wearily. He isn't competitive the same way Logan or I am. In kindergarten, I had reigned supremely. He quickly established himself as a formidable opponent, but instead of being easily squashed like the rest, he refused to back down when I pushed him off the jungle gym. His GPA was higher than mine in middle school, but in freshman year, I pulled ahead of him by doubling up classes. We are now up ten to ten, with this photograph tying up his score with mine. The shin-kicker is on the move again, but before he can reach me, my mother plucks a plastic egg from my basket and hands it to him. I let out a groan. After all, how much worse could this day get? Logan beams at me. My eyes squinting with the pressure of his body, Logan settles himself on my lap. Logan looks admittedly somewhat windblown too, almost as if he got something he wasn't expecting. My father clears his throat, wide eyes focused on the next customer. The door opens and my brother slips through, flashing me a small smile. I smooth out my t-shirt and jeans as I join him, puzzled by his suspicious glance at me. I snatch the photograph from his hands, one hand cradling my cheek with the surprise it brings me. I mumble intelligently, sucking in my breath. I sigh, handing the picture back to my brother. Is that skepticism I detect in his tone? My expression softens. I wasn't lying; it meant nothing. He hasn't hassled me once since the Easter Festival. Well, perhaps a little, if you're into that whole All-American thing. Shit. When I enter the cafeteria, I spot Carter reading the latest edition of the school newspaper. Carter mumbles dryly. You may have heard your parents or younger siblings raving about this year's Easter Festival, put together by the junior class president Erin Myer's very own mother. I mumble to myself, shocked. He finally looks up, eyes widening with astonishment when he recognizes me. I shrug, despite the fact that he's not looking. I have to snort at the arrogance in his tone. He looks at me—really, looks at me—before finally relaxing. I start to walk away, spirits soaring, after he ducks back down the homework. Abruptly, I spin around. I say in a rush. And you know what? Carter doesn't give me a chance to say anything, stomping out of the car and slamming his door behind him. Logan says. My silence speaks for itself, instead opting to chew down on my lip some more. The dread fills my toes again. Finally, he glances up, catching my gaze. My head whips around, eyes wide. He looks down at his feet, surprisingly awkward. . Ignore that this is (lamely) late. I've never really done the whole boy vs. That being said, if you attempt to plagiarize any of my work, I will find you. So. The first time I met that asshole, I was driving my sweet sixteenth birthday present from my parents, a beautiful Red Volvo V50 T5 Turbo. Okay. It was a hot day. Finally reaching New Park Mall, where I had to pick up my mom's skirt, my eyes scanned the parking lot for the ideal space. Yeess! Just a bit more till. And, like that's not enough, he has the nerve to fish for compliments? This time, my mom was driving and I was sitting in her nice, silver Toyota Sienna, with fully-functioning air-conditioning, radio, and whatnot. And I so happened to casually turn my head to the left, only to find myself looking at. It was pouring outside. Well. Blue Porsche. He snorted, but didn't say anything else. I frowned. He responded to my declaration with a crooked grin and stars twinkled in his kind-of-attractive green eyes. Come to think of it. He guided me back home through the heavy, gray fog, always keeping close. I glanced to my right and noticed that Chase had scooted over to the seat next to him, and was now leaning as far out of the window as he could. I couldn't deny that I enjoyed our past two encounters on the road. . . white. you. month? face. word? Lindy Mason squeezed her eyes shut in an attempt to stop the tears as soon as she felt the first raindrop go plop on the top of her head. She groaned in frustration while she waited for the beep. She didn't mind riding the bus. Mitch was different than most of the guys she had dated, which was part of the reason he'd appealed to her so much. Tall, dark and handsome, he fit the description of Prince Charming to a tee. She shook her head at the thought of him, angry that she'd let herself get taken in. Bored, her eyes scanned the bus. She continued to watch him on and off for the rest of the bus ride, until he stood up to get off a few stops before her own. Before she could think better, she slipped a finger into the envelope and pulled out the letter that had been folded inside of it. She thought about leaving it on the bus without reading it, but was sure that the driver would throw it away once his shift for the day was over. If anyone was going to have the letter, it should have been her. She nodded to herself. He smiled and watched her as she unpacked her school bag, pulling thick books one after another and piling them on the bed. Mitch watched her, his eyes trailing her as she paced across the room. She didn't respond, nor did she turn around. He looked over at her and the look on his face sent her mind reeling. Her eyes caught the letter on the ground at her feet and she sighed, bending down to pick it up. A love letter that most definitely wasn't hers. I have written you 213 letters over the past year, each one of them to try to explain to you how I feel. Only problem is, it's too late. I know that I can't promise you a perfect life. I've missed you so much since you've been gone, Green Eyes. Her mind wandered to Mitch and how he'd stalked out of her apartment a few minutes before, and she knew that he wasn't the kind of guy that would write 214 letters to a girl he loved. She sighed and leaned back on the bed, the letter crumpled between her fingers. It was settled then. She sighed loudly and hitched her bag higher on her shoulder. Lindy glanced down the street, a few blocks away, to the crowded bus stop. Lindy continued staring at him. she began. Mitch sighed and shrugged his shoulders. The past three weeks had been like night and day between the two of them. She leaned back in the seat and listened as Mitch started talking about plans for the weekend, but she let her mind wander as she glanced around the bus. It was Jeff and a very pretty girl with the prettiest, greenest eyes she'd ever seen. Dear Stranger, I found the crumpled envelope containing the love letter you wrote for  and didn't send. * This story has been nominated for an SKoW Award for the  category! I spared a quick glance at the monotonous red building before me, sighed, and then flicked my eyes back to my reflection. he called back. I tapped my foot impatiently. I raised my eyebrows and muttered 'shame'. His head was bent, his dark hair obscuring his face. I quickly grabbed his arm and pulled him after. I exhaled dramatically and slowed my pace. I lied, dialling my code and swinging forth my locker door. I commented dryly. I hit him playfully on the shoulder we made our way to the usual congregation. She straightened up indignantly. I waved and turned on my heel. I snapped the mirror shut then gasped in shock. It was so immediate that I reeled back. I repeated, tasting the name on my tongue. Leif nodded along with the Principle's lecture. Leif waltzed into the corridor and headed for the cafeteria, where he was supposed to meet his guide. Leif laughed. She brought him 'round the corner to a spot which he smelt before he reached. Sid said, to which they all looked up. Leif said. Leif opened his mouth and started off. Anyway, obvious changes are that Sienna is in the cool crowd and Leif is now the new kid. So after writing my last not-so-one-shot one-shot, I decided that I had a lot of fun with it and I wanted to do something else like it. This idea came about because I was in a situation like this a few weeks ago. shrugged. nodded. seemingly woken up when he smelled food. we found a drummer. on that flyer, okay? I'll leave you alone". I couldn't like him, he was DEAN. It was hard to concentrate as he looked into my eyes, and all I could do was stare back like some idiot. She's Beautiful, but completely oblivious. Leigh's returned to the place where she grew up. I felt the sun on my face shining through my window. The annoying voice of Sam, my older brother said. I groaned and pulled my blanket up. He just stood there with an amused look on his face. I walked down the hall, the wooden floor was cold. My mum said as she walked pasted me  she smiled. I replied smiling back. I ran after him down the steps. emphasizing on the word 'remember'  Tom was Mr. Peters, and Sharon was Mrs. Peters. When we finally got there, which was like a 2 minute drive I looked up at the house. The door opened to reveal a spacious house, the ceilings where high, and the floor was tiled. A boy appeared he looked about 14, so I guess that was Daniel. I smiled. He asked as he walked up the stairs towards his room. We walked back down the stairs and into the garage. I aimed at the hoop, and shot. Then Sam walked out and looked at Dean's position around me. He snorted  I rolled my eyes. Why doesn't she understand, I'm only doing this because I love her. The first day of school, the day that determines what group you'll be in, who you'll be. I did what I did every morning, washed my face, brushed my teeth, eyeliner and lip gloss. I got up and washed my bowl. A better question to ask would be 'was I ready? I walked down the crowed halls, feeling the stares of people. A brown haired guy said to Dean. He smiled  Mrs. SUVRUP? he walked off to a desk and was suddenly surround by a group of people. I replied. One word interrupted my train of thought  What, Dean? Then I suddenly heard Leigh's voice  Leigh was with Dean. I ignored her and turned to Corey I got my schedule of classes, and looked at all the different room numbers. I heard someone calling. I walked over to the table of hot looking boys and girls. he smiled and grabbed my wrist and we ran down the hallway…A.N.Hey guys I'm FINALLY FINISHED. lol this is my first story on fiction press so i hope you like it. P.S. sorry for all the typos. The bar was permeated with the thick, dry scent of smoke rising off of the ashy tips from cigarettes of all brands. The lights dimmed, and over the hoots and hollers, the lights went up on two girls and the boy, all with their backs facing the audience. They all turned suddenly, and the band started playing like there was no tomorrow. They all hooked their fingers into their shorts, grinding their hips into the air slowly and suddenly. Candy hurried up the stairs of his apartment complex, throwing his clothes this way and that, eager to relieve the hot tension below. He leaned forward, catching a rose offered to him between his teeth as his hands found the man's neck. The pair hopped into the taxi, panting and out of breath. he whimpered, and the man thrust his hips upwards, causing Candy to gasp and jerk upwards slightly in a way that, from a mirror's point of view, might have looked a lot like a deep penetration. The three broke out into scat, perfectly in unison with their movements. The driver slammed on the breaks, and even Candy could see with a disgusted look that he had one hand down his pants and was pumping himself like he was in complete privacy. He threw Candy off of him, pushing the small boy onto the grass. The pain was the most beautiful he had ever felt--the man was a jackhammer, smashing against his ass as if there was no other purpose to life. Candy, now on his back, arched upwards on the stage, and men reached forward, dollars in their hand. He arched upwards as he was slammed into yet again, and gravity pulled him down more, so both groaned at how deep he had gotten. -his eyes locked with the man's, who watched with a dead look in his eyes, -  he wrapped his arms around himself and the girls stood. Candy's long, belted note startled the man; he could see that. Candy didn't remember much of what happened next--it was all a jumble of vodka and hormones. She just wasn't thinking of that when she had run away because three hours ago Curourae had been more than eager to distance herself from her. So when Grandmama told her that she was to go back to them, she just ran. Please, Lord, let Grandmama find me. She knew that tigers couldn't live in Alaska but there one stood, not two feet to her left. Her eyes automatically opened and she came face to face, not with the tiger. He had gorgeous long black hair, silky and smooth with an almost ethereal shine to it. Curourae murmured softly in wonderment as she stared at him. It was then that she caught the scent of him as well. And underneath that was. Curourae stated a second before her stomach growled. It was as if a mirage passed over his face before revealing another boy entirely. Our lips touched. I turned to face him, disgusted at the cockiness that was displayed on his face. I thought about it. Smirking, he placed his own sunglasses over his eyes and followed me out of the set. he questioned. The first time I met him, he asked me if I wanted to sleep with him. Chuckling lightly, I wrapped a friendly arm around her shoulders and pulled her with me to the next set we were going to shoot at. Tonight, she was hosting this party. I said to her then, I eyed myself in the mirror. I couldn't help but chuckle to myself when she hung up. I didn't have to turn around to guess who said that. Flynn stayed true to his word. Fuck. My worst nightmare had come true: I had sex with Flynn Cavanaugh, and I didn't remember any of it. The room was silent for a minute or two, and when I turned to look at him, I saw that his head was bent down. I was caught in the middle. I found myself walking out of his room with a smile on my face. We continued walking side–by–side, and I couldn't help but like how strong he felt with his arm on my shoulders. Right after that, Christopher called us and explained what the scene was going to be about. The moment Chris was done counting, Flynn pushed me against the door, and instinctively, I found myself wrapping my arms around his neck. After a few moments, I ended up pulling away again, and I found myself staring right into his eyes. With a small smile, I nodded at him before I pulled him with me. Unlike the time he asked me the same question in Starbucks, he sounded more sincere now. I ended up chuckling and slapping him on the arm. He was about to say something, something mischievous I suspected with the way he smirked, but the theater darkened, and in no time, trailers of upcoming movies showed on the screen. When the bed scene started rolling, we couldn't help but look and stare. I looked at him right then and there. With my hands leaving his chest, I found myself reaching for his hand and intertwining our fingers together. I couldn't believe this was really happening. He was intoxicating, everything about him. Flynn got up from the bed then reached for his boxers. With one final kiss, he ruffled my hair before finally leaving the room and answering the door. I couldn't help but smirk when I eyed the two lovebirds. Hey everyone! Okay guys, this is just an idea I had, so I decided to write it and see what happens. So please review, and tell me your honest opinions. Megan and I had been writing in it for a few years now. Megan and I didn't have boyfriends. The bell rang, telling the students it was time for class again. He retreated down the hallway without a single glance back. I wasn't really sure how our relationship started, but I think it began when we were little. Resorting to my last ditch effort, I picked up my heavy bag and turned it upside down. My eyes widened at the possibility of it being lost. Megan would have my head if she realized I lost it. Okay, in the morning I went to my locker and I had it then. A cold hand clenched my throat. Who knew what he would do with it! I pinched the bridge of my nose, trying to calm myself down. I tried to look at this logically. Okay, well, maybe it was. My panic rate sky rocketed. I went into the kitchen and inhaled several chocolate cookies. Taking a deep breath, I whipped my cell phone out of my pocket. And this was why I was glad Megan was my friend. Megan had said he had the sexiest butt in our whole school. aisle of meals-in-a-box. radar. pretty much everything he'd come here for except for. but as to why he'd agreed. seemed a little. books for you. even done anything to merit this sudden leap into. take more than five minutes to go down and pick up the books. smiling, though. smiled. Caleb said, flashing a grateful smile. mention her—it was just. talk. in college, but. just. ". ". ". leave you alone. ". you just get back from work. Wow. Caleb ate, and he'd already cleaned up the kitchen. ". MMPP: Well, this is actually my story on this site. Warnings: The main character is in fact gay, thus eventually bringing other gay men too. Sunday, February 1, 2005Penguins have no external genitalia. So you've decided to follow your friend's advice and fill out a profile for an internet dating service, eh? ARE YOU INSANE? We're sorry. We're sorry. We're sorry. The following percentage may be a good match for YOU! We hope you find your soul mate! I realize that you have moved back to Sunrise again! Rick you ass! (NOTE) Don't buy salad! We noticed how you didn't get salad in order to prevent the last incident. Why aren't you buying the salad? I saw you going to the grocery store today. I do not shop at Publix nor will I ever shop at Publix. You work at an advertisement company with hot male models giving you  EVERYDAY. I gave you soap to give to Mr. Lawler. I did not say your wife was ugly! The assignments you have been given are located on your desk next to the stapler we provided for you. --Grapester is advertising their latest purple product. --Vibrating turtle key chains. Your father and I are to take a vacation this weekend to the Keys. MomInstructions for GeorgeWater it. My name is Chaz. Sorry, just wondering why nothing ever happened with any of the males you got hit on from. I can't go to a club. I was wondering if you could assist me in something. I'm surprised you got the nerve to speak to me after what happened yesterday. I did not actually think Mrs. Williams was really going to give you the soap. Oh of course I remember you! That wasn't me! It seems Mr. Lawler hates you. Don't give him a pie! Tuesday, February 3, 2005The word  meaning the bird, came from the verb  meaning to bend down as if to get under something, because of the many species in the dabbling duck group feed by upending (compare the Dutch word duiken ). Mr. Davidson spoke to me in the halls just earlier and told me that I am to be expecting a package from my new assignment. There is a man at the front office who claims to know you personally. Thank you Front Office for telling me that my best friend is out there waiting, but I don't have any enemies except for Hank Lawler and Mr. Williams. It appears to be that Rick is next to you in your office looking at your secretary suspiciously. Rick just got slapped! Please don't report me as a sexual harassment case! You. MMPP: And even though it doesn't really LOOK like it has a plot, it does. A/N: Another challenge response, only this one was prompted by Clopie and is therefore dedicated to her. Including:i. Note: The title is a pun of sorts (you'll see why if you choose to read the story), but 'bear' is the correct spelling in that phrase. The children's entertainment show had been temporarily reinstated for a final season - years after its creation - before it was replaced by another show featuring fruits. Before I could figure out how Max projected his voice behind me, somebody dropped onto the seat next to mine. Duke laughed, as if I was kidding. It was at times like these that I remembered Morgan had an adult-complex. Max and I stared after him and then turned to see Morgan's reaction. Duke quickly stepped forward. As the three of us ate, I wandered around the dressing room, checking out all the make-up and clothes. I looked down at my plate, only to realize it was empty. I recognized the chuckling, and swatted at Duke after he set me on my feet. I sighed and got back in position, ready to run around once again. I rubbed my temple. I gaped between the two guys, and then decided this was too surreal for me. Duke said, pulling away. I now had something to look forward to and, no, it wasn't just the regular set access I was sure to gain by dating the producer's son. Confused? sweatshirt. Charles laughed. He laughed again. again now. at the time. I was emotional. of a triumph in me. sunshine". was in my pajamas. pajamas. pretty cute. A/N: Big thank you to TheCookieMonster who is my beta for this story! Mark sighed, smiled, and tuned Meg out. Mark snickered. As the firm specialized in other companies' images more than products, Mark seldom felt that his blindness was a disability in his job, quite the opposite; he had been promoted quickly for his unique way of getting the right emotions across without unnecessary embellishment. Mark answered, with enthusiasm in his voice. Mark shrugged. Mark chuckled and shook his head. Mark saluted with a grin. His thoughts strayed back to work on the way down. He stepped out of the elevator and, more or less unconsciously by now, counted the steps until he reached the right door. He changed and headed out to the gym. He began with a brisk walk but soon set the pace higher. He began running. the man chuckled. Mark nodded in its direction. That was fast. Mark chuckled to himself as he headed to the changing room. Yup. Mark was in shock. Mark muttered, grabbed his bag from the locker and fled. The bus ride home was not fun. he said, feeling embarrassed and hurried off. When he finally put the key in the door to his apartment he was shaking. Mark smiled faintly and stroked the black fur of the cat he had adopted from a shelter two years ago. He got up and performed what Felix probably considered his human's duties of feeding him and changing his water, but after that Mark still hadn't calmed down very much. Mark grinned and hung up. The man's voice was warmer now, and decisively more pleasant. When Mark was back in his cubicle he felt… flushed. To Be Continued…Author's note: I hoped you liked the first chapter! I muttered as I walked down the dark streets to my house. I paused in my walking. I looked at the nearest house trying to measure how long it would take me to get to the door. It let out a low growl. I said in a hoarse voice. Ryan rolled his eyes at Miles and took off for his lap around the track. Coach Cavalier winked at Miles and nodded his head toward the dugout, his universal signal for Miles to follow him. Ryan followed his friend out of the locker room and into the hallway of their high school. Ryan threw his pillow at Miles's head. Ryan rolled his eyes. Once Miles was alone, he sighed. Miles set to work putting his bed back together. Miles looked away as Ryan began to undress. One of Mrs. Baron's favorite pastimes was badmouthing her boss, Maryann Mauss. Miles mentally groaned at the paper's requirements. Notice: Yes, it's me. Maybe it was normal for people on the outside to visit with their parents, but for the children of nobles, an official Summons was big news. Well, Marta had a point, he supposed. Emerson looked down at himself. Emerson swallowed the knot in his throat as he observed his parents, both splendidly dressed, sitting on their heels on expensive silk pillows, their backs straight. His father stirred. The young merchant was the first to take up the ink pen and sign his name, the older man beside him following him afterward. the headmistress continued. The proceedings now over, the young merchant and his solicitor rose to their feet, bowed, and were led out by a servant. Engaged to be married? They say you can't help who you fall in love with. It's even worse when you fall in love with each other. Pale, seven-year-old hands delicately wove together the green stalks, creating a pretty and fragile daisy chain. Pretty soon however, the evening sunset had disappeared over the horizon, the last coloured rays crying and calling out to the lonely figure. There was a stretched silence as the younger one of them continued to thread his daisies, calmly ignoring his twin and continuing on with the mantra in his head. The two boys weren't all too similar with differences that could be easily picked out to tell them apart from one another such as the fact that Garen was chubbier, had a more boyish face and stormy gray eyes where his brother was quite skinny, had a fairly androgynous face and clear silver gray eyes. The pale blonde replied distractedly as he delicately fingered the daisy chain, eyebrows furrowed in concentration as he squinted in the darkness at the flower, tiny tongue poking out between his lips once again. Garen turned and pounced on him, fingers poking in his sides as he started to tickle him mercilessly, little squeals erupting from Cadyn the effeminate boy. Cadyn just rolled his eyes. Garen's voice was soft now, holding an underlying threat. Cadyn confessed his silver eyes staring up at the glittering stars that twinkled lightly back at him in the deep midnight blue sky. Garen agreed before realizing Cadyn's request. The two had tentatively got up during their strange confession and were now on their knees and staring into each other's eyes. Garen murmured softly before leaning forward, Cadyn copying him. happily. London's best ballrooms by night. He stood at the window of his London townhouse contemplated---so many feet below him---the crowd thronging the streets of London. He turned away from the window with a soft sigh and reached for the decanter of brandy that now stood on his bed stand. Her. I won't think about her. He took another sip of the decanter of brandy and pondered on his choices. The man known as the Falcon to Europe's network of spies quite shuddered at the thought of having to go through such hell in order to purchase a female for siring progeny. Even getting caught by the French. When I have a bad day, there are only two things that can cheer me up. I walked through the sliding doors and headed to the back of the nonfiction section. I flipped to the first page of What About Zebras? Did you know . My head shot up so quickly, the earphones fell out and my book slid off my lap. He looked at me suspiciously, and I realized my water bottle was still lying on the chair beside me. I started to say, but stopped. He laughed slightly, and I realized I shouldn't be provoking the one who had the power to take away my food. Sure enough, my two chopsticks were peeking out of my navy colored backpack, and realized he was correct. The cashier stared at me with bored eyes, his shaggy blonde hair falling into his eyes. I said seductively, and licked my upper lip. I grinned triumphantly and handed him a twenty dollar bill, making sure my fingers lingered. I said with another wink. He returned the change, eighteen dollars and one cent. Carey bombarded, stepping in front of me. Carey Shaw and I had met in Sweet Nailz - a truthfully lame manicure day spa. And that was how I ended up flirting with Mr. Jason Cashier Melding. Carey's dreamy look was replaced with a look that almost frightened me. And that was how I met Carey Shaw. He laughed. Now this guy acts gay. he said, interrupting my peace. I stared at him blankly. Jimmy - oh excuse me, Guy started pushing back books as slowly as possible, pausing to grin at me again. Ten minutes later I was reading over my answers, tapping my chin with a pencil. I crumpled the paper back up, and unsurely left it back on the chair, happy that I had occupied myself for ten entire minutes. I froze as the fork was about to enter my mouth, but Jimmy, I mean, Guy caught my eye and just shrugged. I paused chewing to look down. he clarified, and took the paper. Jimmy and I had worked out a deal. Now, when he asked this, I had been scratching an itch on my arm. He laughed sharply, and I stared at him. I asked, nodding my head in appreciation. He cleared his throat before scratching underneath his chin. He needed to be scared. I waited for him to reply with something like, 'That was the stupidest excuse for a story I have ever heard before' or 'What the f— was that, you lunatic? I didn't know what he meant, so I just stared. I thought about him? A kind, mind-reading fellow. I mean, I never, in my entire seventeen years of living, had a single romantic thought about a pig—I mean male! My heart stopped. But we talked a little, chatted about the blonde cashier whose name I already forgot. Finally, aggravated with the fact that I had been sitting in the same seat for twenty minutes without speaking, I hurried out of my chair and started to check out the books. Yes. She mouthed my words to herself before giving me a weird look. And there he was. I said happily and sincerely. I was startled. I swallowed. I blurted. he said, grinning. What a loser. I answered, plopping down on the couch. Ring doorbell. Of course, the doorbell didn't ring until another twenty minutes later, when it was 5:47 and Jimmy claimed there was traffic. She's lying. Oh yeah. Yeah okay, sure. He laughed. I said. His voice was warm and clouded with amusement. I said loudly. He didn't reply, but his mouth was still in that stupid grin of his. By the end of the stupid date, my back was aching, my hands were sore, and my lips were numb from being a frown too long. Oh geezer. I was only seventeen, he was nineteen. But as always, Jimmy had that smile on his face. I agreed. While I curled one arm around his neck, his hand suddenly placed something in my free hand. When I looked up, he was grinning. A/N: Right, so I know you were all looking for another Kane chapter or another on Magically Delightful but Alex was bugging me with the very first line of this chapter and I just couldn't stop typing. Alex leaned back against the bar where he was seated on the barstool. And then he had peeked across the room at then commotion over at the pool table to see him. When Alex stood and walked over there, he had no idea. Alex had to strain himself a moment holding the big guy - the son of a bitch really was huge - back when he went for the other. Alex was shocked as hell when the little guy dodged around him and lit into the bigger man. Haden stared at him a long moment and as the man's face unwound from a bit of his anger, his expression softened and Alex felt a peculiar hitch to his breath. After all, he'd only had sex three times total since Ronnie left him and the fact that his body was obviously attracted to this man when no one else had even caught his interest in months had Alex wanting to yank him into the bathroom and drop to his knees. Alex called out, moving to walk towards them. Alex snorted,  He went and got in the car himself, annoyed as hell for some reason that the man would just throw such a thing out there like that. There was a brief pause before two doors opened and Haden slid in the front, Kit in the back. Alex stared at the male for a hot minute. -. Alex said but he wasn't thinking about the happenings as he said it. Alex grunted, ridiculously annoyed when he knew he shouldn't be. Hi again :D Back with another not-so-one-shot-one-shot. This one is going to be three or four parts. So here it is. Hayden chuckled and lied back down again. I laughed and got up, walking five feet to the miniature refrigerator placed right next to the T.V. One cool thing about our shed was that you didn't have to walk more than 10 steps to get to anything. My best friend shook his head. I scoffed playfully, mixing the Chinese food around with my chopsticks. Hayden picked up the closest item (which just so happened to be a lantern in the shape of a frog) and hurled it at my head. My eyes traveled up to the old crinkled snapshot of Hayden and I that had been thumb-tacked to the wall above the window. To anyone else, the shed might've seemed like just that. See, when Hayden and I were around eleven years old, we came up with the ingenious idea of buying one for ourselves. The first thing we did was get my dad to take us to a home improvement and gardening store. It was quite a lot of money for two eleven-year-olds to get on their own. For one full year, we set aside money from our birthdays, Christmas, weekly chores, and a million lemonade stands. We had personalized the walls with photos and posters of our favorite bands, and both put blankets of our choice on the lawn chairs so we could sleep there if we wanted. My mother began talking to Hayden's mother when they met at a local book-club for women that gathered once a week. It turned out that Hayden and I made an incredibly good pair. Hayden agreed. I hope everyone sort of gets where this story is going, yet at the same time it's not so obvious. wet. and get all over my pants and my skirt. actually quite funny. I remember the day like it was yesterday. The woman finally gave up the battle against her son and his hair. Before he could turn away, I grabbed onto his wrist and threw him down into the puddle. My humiliation and his ruthless laughter inspired an ire that I had never before felt in my four-year-old life. Our pre-K teacher found us in the most epic of mud fights just minutes later. Despite how much fun the mud fight eventually came to be, we were far from friends. But somewhere down the line, everything changed. It was October of my sophomore year of high school. I approached Shawn Masterson, my usual English class buddy. he groaned in response. By the time the second bell had rung, signalizing the start of class, the rest of the students had shown up. The  were formed by four desks pushed together. Tompson began, searching for her next victim. Mrs. Tompson finished seating people, thankfully putting Shawn right behind me. someone whispered. he said, his green eyes glinting in the light. I smiled and swung my backpack over my shoulder. Shawn scoffed sarcastically. he confirmed,  I was shocked that Shawn would say something like that. I inquired, mocking him a little. Class began a couple minutes later. I shouted as I approached the table. she replied coolly. Riley handed him some money and watched him longingly as he headed to the lunch line. I began, searching for him once more. I retorted. Shawn boomed,  He proceeded to unpack his lunch as he waited for our response. A couple minutes later, Noah returned with Riley's food, and another boy approached the table. Shawn replied, unnecessarily loudly,  Carson grinned and punched Shawn's shoulder before walking away. Riley squeaked, wide-eyed. To my relief, yet another person showed up to take the attention off of me. The rest of lunch went on rather uneventfully. he said calmly. he beamed,  I was a bit caught off guard by his compliment. he said as he walked away. Introducing the WolfsConsoling MomIt's not unusual to find Mom crying when I walk into the house; to hear the whispering sobs and low sniffles echo from the back bedroom. As soon as the door clicks shut, and despite her best efforts to muffle the sound, I can hear the familiar ragged breath that precedes every sob. Mom's been sad for most of my life. She'd been idealistic and fresh, while Dad had been the incarnation of regimented order. Whenever Dad could get to a phone, he called our mother first, desperate to hear her sweet, lilting laugh. Christmas time that very same year, on Dad's next shore-leave, he swept into her Midwest hometown and dropped to one knee in front of her father and the rest of the family, expressing his adoration and begging for her hand. The strange thing about it is, Mom is blissful when pregnant. First, everyday life begins weighing heavily on her: from the laundry, to finances, to cooking dinner. Simon, my oldest brother, remembers as much joy as sadness; while I have only a few elated memories that weren't tainted by the depression. She just simply. Every blood test, neurological and physical exam each doctor could think of has been done, then done one more time. Strangely, the half-assed diagnosis came as a bit of a relief. And yet, through it all, Mom's done her best to stay involved. One of us kids can't manage to improve a grade? It's a glitch. Plainly speaking, Squeak is a handful when his eyes are open. Last week, Mom had a good day. Squeak was playing in the living room, his favorite blanket spread wide with a smattering of toys when his bright deep-green eyes caught sight of this hovering, single quill. We all smiled and watched intently, completely enraptured by the sweet innocent soul writhing on the floor, his gaze captivated by his fluffy friend. Suddenly, the feather dropped, plummeting to the floor not three feet from my infant brother. We each giggled into our hands while my tiny little brother desperately called for the feather's notice. We fell out. Granted it was out of necessity, to make up a goddamn Calc 2 exam. While scouring the fridge for something quick and ready-to-eat, I notice there's only a quarter gallon of milk, two eggs and little else left in the icebox. I hate an empty kitchen. I can always make Simon smile. I look around for several seconds, discerning if there's anything with which I truly need help. Simon's not prissy, but fuck everything and everyone if his hands feel dirty or grimy. Exaggerating my displeasure, I move toward the sink with an eye keenly aware of Simon working his fingers into the flour again. He yelps like a little bitch, then in one fluid motion he spins away from the monsoon and rushes me. I can't help the barking laugh that erupts from my chest. The scowl isn't intentional, nor is the sharp huff that follows as I move to the stairs. Climbing the stairs two at a time cuts the distance considerably, but my lungs burn a little with the effort of it. The string is down. Ignoring the snipe, I pull myself up and perch my ass on the edge of the entryway. It's only then that Paul Banks' hypnotic baritone cuts in, wafting gently overhead from somewhere behind my little brother. Deep breaths, I remind myself, deep full breaths. Sweet muscular Jesus, do I want to tear his ass a new hole. The ladder groans under my weight, protesting every movement as I slam each foot down. I don't know what else I can do. Dinner with Simon &amp; SydneyBack in the kitchen, Simon chuckles while trying to spoon feed our infant brother, who is having none of it, opting for his own tiny hands instead. The thought simply stops on its own. Simon has his own life. Simon and I have always been close. We hover there for a while, clinging to each other; Simon peppering several reassuring kisses along the side of my head, fingers carding through my hair. Taking Sydney off Simon's hands, I dress the baby in bright yellow pajamas covered in ducks before laying him down in his crib. is our code word. Chuckling at the memory, it builds until I can't stop laughing. I usually try to avoid thinking too much when I'm high. Simon's staring off into space with a curious grin on his lips, silent and pensive suddenly. It's just a glitch. I can only double over in hysterics, because it's so incredibly true. Our noise is reaching a fevered pitch, echoing off the trees and inside my head when the thunderous sliding glass door opens, startling us both and cuts our laughter bluntly short. We wait; wait for him to say something, to do something. Simon has spent years honing his condescending sarcasm to a fine point. As our words clash and overrun, Simon's hands fly out in a sharp gesture toward our absent brother. And I'm done. The words all but fall out of my mouth and Simon simply nods, gazing sweetly from beneath his brows. Simon leans in, his shifting weight and rocking the chaise a bit. I stay silent, because unfortunately Simon's right, at least to an extent. Granted, Silas isn't always a raging delinquent. On numerous occasions, however, he's been compelled to become an upstanding member of society. Still in spite of it all, like Simon said, I've always tried. He wasn't always like this, though. Popping up from the chaise, my head rushes and I nearly fall over, much to Simon's amusement. When the cops first started bringing him home on a semi-regular basis, the eavesdropping began as a frantic countermeasure to find out what his beloved brothers were thinking. However, the relationships quickly distorted. Sylvan, on the other hand, had remained kind and soft when dealing with Silas. Then seemingly overnight, Sylvan appeared to almost completely disconnect. Silas isn't ignorant. Now secreted away in the shadows with only his churning jealously to keep him company, Silas listens as Sylvan bounds to his rescue from Simon's character assassination. Silas risks exposure, slinking along the edge to the corner until the pair of them fall within sight. Gingerly he sets the beautifully burning illegal substance between his teeth, the dim ember floating in the free space between his tongue and palate. When the smoke hits my lungs, pervading every branch and capillary, I begin coughing fitfully and I'm dropped unceremoniously back into the world with a spinning head. I follow dumbly, still dazed and confused, and wholly excited to be with him. Still, he can't help but watch. Stepping to the side gate, the well-oiled latch and hinges open with next to no noise. None it matters now, Silas thinks to himself, sneakers scraping against the asphalt road. Simon just chuckles, sorting through a plethora of cases strewn around our legs; I suppose trying to discern what musical revelation he'll subject me to next. Suddenly, Simon's bridged over my lap, reaching over me to rummage through the music on my left. We sit there for several hours more, listening silently to the music flowing through the old stereo he hijacked from our parents years ago. Warmth and comfort rolls over me, and at some point, my head comes to rest on something firm but pliable. The sheets are arranged much as they were yesterday, thrown haphazardly aside when Sylvan thrashed out against the barrage of dirty clothes Silas lobbed at him; the younger man's version of an improvised alarm clock. Hit with a sudden realization, Silas darts back through the hallway, foregoing a room by room search because he knows where Sylvan is sleeping. Moments later, he bursts through Simon's door and the sight inside stops him cold. And the sharp, serrated twist is back. His hands are dug deep within the pockets of his sweatshirt, the hood still pulled low. The question forms in my head but falters before it can reach my lips. It's only half a lie. His eyes are deep sage again only now there's an insistent element involved. That adorable fucking grin of his never waivers, even as he micro-steps closer and behind me. When Simon's breath hits my neck, I can't breathe. With a frustrated sigh, he pulls away, flicking my ear. I can't say anything, so I simply watch as he kneels down and rummages through the music strewn out on the floor. My mind is rushing, processing, and short-circuiting. Of course, Simon is right. I start, nearly jumping from my skin when I wake, though there's no outside influence this time. Instinctively, I reach out and brush his auburn hair from his forehead. It's too early to tell for sure, but Sydney's shaping up to be as platinum as Silas and me. Gathering myself from the floor, I toss Simon's extra pillow back onto his bed and step to the door. Taking the stairs two at a time, I round the dividing wall just off the kitchen and launch up the second staircase. Ever so slightly, the ghost of a grin outlines his lips. AUTHORS NOTE - VERY IMPORTANT! There's something about him that makes me want him. He appears to hate everyone, and when I try to talk to him, the coldness in his eyes makes me shut up instantly. We walk silently, after having just had an argument. he says forcefully, using the hand that isn't pinning me to the wall to push aside my panties. I call, through tears. he demands, And that's when I start feeling woozy. I reach up to feel the bandages, and I can't help to feel completely drawn to him. His eyes are incredibly dark, and his hair is completely black. I realize then that he means for me to leave. I swallow, feeling tears coming on. And then our eyes lock, and I lose control of myself. I lose track of what's going on until he's got my pants off, and he's only in his boxers. My panties are off now, and he keeps our eyes locked as he gently probes me…down there with his fingers. My first orgasm is unbelievable. After a few moments, I nod, to signal that I'm ready. I've lost my virginity to Jake Rutherford. I'm fine until lunch, since I haven't seen Jake or Liam. My eyes widen. Then, Jake scans the cafeteria, and his eyes land on me. I shake my head. He nods. I talk to him for the first time in three months when I'm taking a trip to the cemetery to visit my mom. he practically growls, stalking towards me angrily. And he turns around, and begins walking towards his car. Now I know that I was right all along. I just stand there, my mouth open slightly, and then he opens his car door, gets in, and drives off, leaving me standing there, confused. Anyway, one of my friend's, Olivia, whistles when Liam scores a touchdown, and he beckons that she come down onto the field. So Olivia runs down, since the practice is over, and my entire group of friends follows her down there, preparing to exchange hugs with all the best, and the hottest players. she says. I swallow. He looks pissed, and before I know it, a circle has formed around the two of us, as if there's going to be a fight. I'm silent because he's right. I stand there breathing heavily for a few moments, and then, he grabs the back of my head with both hands rather harshly, and pulls my face towards his. So Monday morning rolls around, and I'm too depressed/anxious to put any effort into looking decent. I catch the bus in the last two seconds, and when I reach the school, it all comes back to me. The day is going fine until Calculus. he whispers angrily. he says. he growls, and continues punching. Luckily, a few boys must've heard the loud noises coming from the bathroom, and they run in, attempting to pull Jake off of Liam. I can't help it; I lean over and vomit right next to Jake. He shakes his head. And then he turns around, and leaves the room, leaving me feeling more empty then I did after Liam tried to rape me. He bites down on his bottom lip, and his eyes close as I reach out and place a hand against his cheek. He opens his eyes, and they lock with mine. And then, he leans down and kisses me more passionately then I've ever been kissed. Then, he removes his hands and leans backwards, so he's not even pressing against me. he finally says, breathlessly. he urges me gently. he says softly, and I arch back in pleasure as his finger finds my aching clit. My eyes open suddenly, and I glare when I find him just grinning at me. And then he leans back down, but this time instead of his hands, he places his head between my legs, and enters me with his tongue, lapping up my juices. And then he enters me. I stumble into the apartment, trying my best to balance groceries in my arms so as not to drop them. He grins. But not alone. It all started less than two weeks before Christmas on December 14th. The local Starbucks seemed just as sleepy as the rest of the town, with only two employees and about as many customers inside. As soon as the objects in the room were visible, I began my daily routine of brushing teeth, combing hair, and applying just a touch of makeup. I shouted back before stepping out of the apartment and into the cold winter air. There was a sort of peace in the early hours of the morning that I just couldn't get at any other time. But no matter the weather, I continued on, merely tugging my scarf closer around my neck and folding my arms tightly across my chest. Making my way up to the counter, I couldn't help but smile and blush a little. Dave busied himself around the kitchen with my coffee order and I took the time to look around the shop. But then, sitting all alone by the window was a guy I'd never seen before in my life. Then, as if on cue, he let out a sigh, shifted around in his chair and flicked his hair out of his eyes. I accepted the two steaming coffees, paid for them, and then made my way over to the condiments table to grab a few napkins. His voice was deep and… might I say sexy? And as I walked back over to the counter, I heard Dave call over to Martha to mop up the mess. When I finally reached an empty table and sat down, I chanced a small peek at Aiden again, only to find those blue eyes focused directly onto me, a burning glance that I didn't have the strength to return. It wasn't fair, really, that such a perfect guy would show up so close to Christmas. It was times like these that I really despised the holidays. About an hour later, the door opened and I was brought back into reality by the jingling of the tiny door bells. I watched my friend walk out of Starbucks, now left with no one to talk to or distract myself from staring at this Aiden guy I'd never seen before. He returned the smile I had given him. I whirled around to see Aiden standing about two feet away from me. I paused, shocked to hear such a sentence come from out of someone's mouth. "Well, I'm here every morning at six. And, as we both went our separate ways, I couldn't help but think that Christmas break didn't look so bad after all. For those of you who read this without knowing about this story ahead of time - go read the information in my profile. PLEASE REVIEW! Alex knew the second that she set her foot inside his dorm that she would cause trouble. He smirked in irony as the girl did exactly that—eyeballed him as if he were on display in a store. she cooed, throwing herself on top of him and kissing him. Alex rolled his eyes as their kisses became more heated. Hurriedly saving his document and shutting off his laptop, he grabbed his cell phone, his iPod, and his sweatshirt and made his way out the door. As he exited his dorm building, a cold blast of air washed over his body. He thought about the look that Sean's girlfriend—though the term hookup was probably more appropriate—had given him. He reached a bench and sat down, slouching lazily and stretching his legs out in front of him. She'd never outright told him that she loved him. God, he missed her so much. He pulled his cell phone out of his pocket, hoping that it was past three. He waited for what felt like hours before checking the time on his cell phone again, but it was only 2:56. He wished he could have flat out answered no, but then he would have been lying. he implored. That was the one thing running through Alex's mind as he sat there two days later, still trying to finish that paper. Although he hadn't exactly expected her to stick around. he snapped, not bothering to conceal his frustration. he told her curtly, then accidentally wrote  in the sentence he was currently working on. she repeated. Alex stood up and stretched. he agreed,  With startling clarity, he recalled every moment of his departure in January, when his Winter Break ended and he was headed back to school. Before he even realized it was happening, Lydia had squished herself next to Alex on his bed, resting her head on his shoulder. She turned onto her side, so her front was pressed against Alex's side, and laid her hand on his chest. she murmured before kissing him. Alex struggled to pull his shirt back down, and he turned his head to the side so that Lydia's lips wouldn't be so close to his. he commanded again, more forcefully, trying to pull his legs out from under Lydia. He incredulously stared at the phone. he demanded slowly. She shrugged. Now, with Lydia gone, Alex's anger vanished, leaving him with nothing but desolation and depression. The knowledge that it was over did not stop Alex from calling Angie ten more times within the next hour and a half. He was staring at his phone, wondering if maybe he should try again, when suddenly, it rang. One week later, Alex was sitting on a plane that had just landed at an airport in Baltimore. his mother had said. The second the plane began emptying of passengers, he sped his way through, hurrying down to the baggage claim as fast as he could. He left the house and drove over to Angie's, forcing himself not to go at 100 miles per hour like he wanted. He didn't realize that he was holding his breath until Angie swung the door open, and the air whooshed out of him. He'd been waiting forever—well actually, three months—for this moment. "Then what about that girl? Her sorrow was getting the best of her. Those words tore him apart. he reiterated. He had practiced this part. He wanted to hear it from her. She spun back around, so he could see her beautiful face. she said, still using a hushed voice. he said, shaking his head. he began as he neared her. He was standing right in front of her now. She still hadn't moved, except for her eyes that were now bulging out of her head as she gaped at the necklace. he whispered quietly. In case you're wondering, this is during Alex's freshman year in college. ah, another rewrite of (very) old work. thursday, september 14, 2006. A challenge for me to reveal my secret, and I let my lips twist into a smirk as I purposely chose to blink. Having said so, I abruptly turned and continued on my way to my truck, not even glancing back when I pulled from the space and drove away. The bundle beneath my arm was comfortable, and I felt my tension ease up as I made my way through the house, coming upon Eli's room with the knowledge of having visited many times before. He gave a disappointed sigh, but had to nod that he agreed with me. About a year ago, I'd met Eli when I was volunteering at a hospital; he was dying from reoccurring leukemia, which he'd been fighting for nearly five years at that point. He was a bit antsy by the time I'd finished, but replied amiably that he was feeling better than ever when I asked, grinning when my hands went to his abdomen; he claims that it tickles him when I probe inside with my energy. Even in sleep, his grip was pretty fierce, and there were a few tense moments where I thought he'd wake up as I attempted to disengage myself. A noise out in the house proper made me glance up, and realized that I should be getting home. I put the radio on in the kitchen, humming to the Oldies that my brother always likes to hear; they remind him of our Dad, I think. His eyes said it was ok, and so I went over and let him hug me for a moment, his arms strong and tight and familiar. His wife, Lila, had protested it from the beginning. And I placed the mark of my love, what's called 'the brand of the selfish heart', on the outside of his left wrist. I was snapped out of the intense memory by my coughing, my eyes streaming tears because of their harsh pain. Everything was silent when I finally crawled back through my window, the remnants of incense greeting me as I yawned, suddenly exhausted. Eventually down to just my boxers, I turned off my lamp and crashed into bed, falling asleep without any trouble whatsoever. I know, I know. I'd prefer my last stand to be at the mall. Damn. Honestly, I don't know what I really want to happen. I mean, look at us. Now do you see where I'm coming from? Wait. Has the untainted God of Bilton Hall finally succumbed to his animalistic… uh… what do you call that… primitive? Now this I had to see. Everyone jumped as the door blasted open. Prison rules, eh? Hm. I narrowed my eyes upon entering the hallway. And he was holding a bundle of something. I asked. He let out a short, shaky, annoyed breath and glared at me. And I don't talk to douche-y looking guys either so. But God, he's handsome. he said. I cocked my head to one side, rummaging my memory for people named Alexander. My heart skipped a beat when he looked up to my escort and gave a slight nod. Instead, I felt his hot breath on my ears and my neck. A swing. I croaked out. he suddenly yelled as he mangled his arms with mine to support the. I squeaked while staring at the angelic baby's, sleeping face. I looked up and met his stormy eyes. I said slowly, nodding vigorously to encourage more information. He looked away once again and slowly removed his arms from mine. I wished that he did not notice the shaky consistency of my faux happy voice. He must have seen right through me because he glared at me. I looked around the hallway, worried that teachers or students would check out the source of the noise. I unashamedly blurted out. he smugly said as Mr. Escort placed the bassinet and baby bag beside my feet. Sorry. And the thing that Alexander whispered was a direct quote from a Batman episode. So there. I played all through school, and even in college at the local leagues and we won a few championships, but from the beginning it had been clear that I was going to follow Dad's path and become and awesome chef. It was when I returned from France that it all started. I said, still clinging to him a little. Didn't I! And that was pretty much all he could say before I was engulfed in hugs by my Auntie and Uncle, and my mom –whom my Auntie had called – Mark stayed a little outside the group, with a little smile on his face. Mom said with a big smile. After that we went home. I sighed, wiggled a little to find a good comfortable position and then turned on the TV. I quickly spun on my heel at the sound of the small squeaking voice. I bent down, my knees giving a loud crack in protest, and opened my arms. Molly looked up at me, her big blue eyes brimming with tears. I couldn't help but giggle at her chose of swear words. These were the times that I was glad I became a camp counselor. Molly thought about it for a moment and then perked up. Molly smiled toothlessly at me and continued skipping down the pathway. It didn't take us long to find Ryan when we finally made it to the river. I felt Molly's hand slip from mine. I said, coming to stand in front of the two of them. Molly finally decided to look at the mounds of sand that Ryan recreated for her. I watched the two of them splash around in the safe zone—the shallow area for children under the age of ten—and a smile made its way onto my face. I turned around and was surprised to see how close his face was to mine. I couldn't believe he was bringing this up again. "One: Romeo and Juliet were fourteen. Fletch nodded his head but I knew he didn't agree with me. Fletcher reached forward and ran his cold fingers against my cheek. Whatever pathetic response I was about to give him was saved by the sound of the lunch bell ringing. I grabbed Molly's hand and looked Fletcher in the eyes. I rolled my eyes at my fellow camp counselors and looked around the room to make sure all of my campers were still snoring softly in their beds. All of the other counselors nodded their heads in agreement. My head snapped towards the front door of the cabin where an out of breathe brunette stood. Kelsey took our advice and steadied her breathing. Hannah and I shared a knowing look. We all looked at each other. Someone shouted from the floor. That was the only thought floating through my mind when we finally made it to the riverbank. In the distance I could vaguely see the outline of three figures waiting by the riverbank. Kelsey said sheepishly. We had reached the edge of the bank and I slipped the flip-flops off of my feet. We walked further into the water until we reached the wooden blocks that spread across the river in a line. Kelsey smiled and walked out to the wooden blocks first. Hannah and Kelsey flung their arms about as they skipped from one wooden block to the other. I took another deep breath and kept placing my right foot in front of the left. The water washed back up the shore and splashed over my feet. I sat down on a patch of sand that was still warm from the day's sun and closed my eyes. I opened my eyes and turned my head to the right. Fletcher ignored my question and walked back down to the riverbank until his feet were submerged in water. And with that he kicked his shorts to the side and ran into the water, diving in headfirst. There was no way I was jumping into the river at ten o'clock at night. Before I had a chance to back out, I quickly sprinted into the water and dove in. Fletch started saying but I couldn't look at him anymore. I kissed Fletcher Adams. Every feeling that he made me feel when we were together was magnified as his lips moved against mine. Fletcher pulled away from me, his cheeks tinted a deep red color, and we both turned to look at the riverbank. I laughed and followed the small redhead down to the beach. Molly let go of my hand and sprinted to the sand when we finally made it down to the river. Once I was close enough, I saw a head of disheveled black hair. Molly smiled, grabbing the lollipop and kissing Ryan on the cheek. I kept walking towards the huge sandcastle while simultaneously keeping an eye on the kids. I nodded and stood on my tiptoes. A/N: Cliche/Fluff alert! Anyways, guess who graduates from high school in a week? Yes, this from the same writer that brought you , but post identity crisis. Some days he wanted to shove a sock in her big, sarcastic mouth. But, then there were the days that he remembered every stupid, little thing he loved about her. The whole point of getting away from the waging Sodom and Gomorrah inside the house was to avoid her. And at the moment, she looked so pissed off. So. As much as he wanted to just pull her close, say the right words, and hold her tight and never fucking let go. he said as closed the distance between them to play with the curls of her hair. She never tried to be beautiful. He could barely recognize her. He just wanted to wipe away the pounds of make up and give her a simple white t and a pair of jeans. Despite her tears, she managed to find her voice and slapped his hand away. God dammit, how he wanted to shut that pouty little mouth. she shot back scathingly, pushing him with a shove that lacked her usual strength. As much as he loved cussing, she never did. He saved her ass from getting gang banged by the notorious Bitches and even drove her to In-N-Out to forget it all. Damn. He felt her hands go through his hair. He wanted more. Holy shit. He smirked at the challenge. that? one kitten. a. devil liked to hang out in libraries". Ladies and gentlemen, students of Carroway High, the crackling voice over the intercom announced. We interrupt this programming to ask for information regarding property stolen from one Xavier Sinclair, the announcements continued, and I stilled. The item in question is approximately a quarter of an inch in diameter, white with blue speckles and pleasantly springy with a slight scent of peppermint—I froze. Well, at least he hadn't mentioned my name. I made a noncommittal noise in the back of my throat, ignoring her in favor of filling out my last answer. I've liked him as long as I could remember. She really liked him. I had to admit, if the two of them ended up together, they would be the greatest couple known to mankind. Of course, it was only normal for me to say that yes, I too was obsessed with James Osmend. When Diana had told me just how much she liked him, I was immediately crushed. I quietly accepted the fact that James would be better off with Diana and encouraged her beyond belief. That was another thing. There were times when I felt like James actually returned the feelings I felt. The more I thought about me liking James, the more I felt like I was betraying Diana. James Osmend sat with us occasionally outside of the auditorium, considering how his closer friends sat less than fifteen feet away. I wasn't even paying attention to what anything my friends were saying. But I couldn't. Greg retorted, as the rest of us rolled our eyes. I said nothing, but stood up and made my way through the maze of legs, arms and lunch bags on the ground. I looked up, shocked to see Greg staring down at me intently. Greg scoffed, retracting his arm to pull the paper from my reach. Our group fell into a comfortable silence as I began humming to myself. I laughed to myself and stood up. I spun around to see Rachel hobbling towards me. She hadn't responded to my texts, so I never knew if it was reality. I agreed, shrugging my shoulders as Rachel followed Diana. The rest of the car ride was made in relative silence as my S Club 7 mix filled the calm. Even if he did like me, what then? We eventually reached the front of his house as I turned off the ignition. He replied absent-mindedly, before turning back to me. 11:11 on a Saturday morning… in the middle of spring break, nonetheless. My phone suddenly began buzzing as I felt myself frowning. Anyone could imagine the shock when I saw the picture of an envelope with James Osmend's name under it. Unable to bear it anymore, I looked back at the phone. I cocked my eyebrow. Nonetheless, I made a wish. I responded, despite the internal debate I had just gone through. I sighed, rubbing my temple. I had absolutely no idea where he wanted me to meet him. I glanced down at my watch- 11:45. He smiled tersely down at me, much unlike his usual self. Frustrated, I grabbed both his wrists and brought them down to his side. Inside, I was a bit torn. He whispered, face tilted upwards. I asked quietly, unsure of what was about to happen. He said it with such certainty it came as more of a command than a question. His face immediately appeared crestfallen at the bluntness of my statement. I choked, shutting my eyes. I turned my eyes away from him, unable to face him. But no. James was silent for a few seconds, neither wanting to make visual contact with the other. I turned back into my car, ready to rev up the engine. I asked, looking at my two best friends who were sitting on the floor. I groaned and slammed my face down on the foot of my bed. My mom smiled at me and disappeared. In a split second, Greg and Rachel had sprinted out of my room as I heard their stampeding footsteps into the living room. I waved a hand, leaning back against my arms. James sighed. I began, sliding my eyes shut. I made no move to pull away and he must have taken that as a good sign. I groaned, unwillingly pulling myself away from him. My mind was reeling. I stared into his eyes, seeing no lies behind his words. I asked, but he quickly shut me up with another kiss. he whispered, his lips tickling my skin. A huge smile spread over James' expression as he brought me into his arms. This is another piece of mindless fluff I actually wrote back in April. Speaking of which, I actually have another story up on my OTHER account which is posted on my homepage. This is my first post on FP, so don't be surprised if it's blotchy and mucked up. Danielle stared at her only son, seeing the determination set in his cerulean eyes after careful searching. Kyle said patiently. A/N: So I've decided to cut the last part of chapter one and turn the whole thing into a prologue, it suited the story better, I think. Across the aisle, three teenage boys were eagerly picking through a men's t-shirt rack. She wanted to chalk the whole thing up as simply the eccentric taste of an isolated few, but incidents like this seemed to be happening more and more lately. She pulled the sneakers off his feet and went to check. Jennifer fought back a smile as she tied the laces, knowing it would only tick him off more. The second he was done, he snatched up the red and white sneakers and stalked off toward the register. It wouldn't have been that big a deal if her brother responded as he usually did, with a verbal bashing that could leave a person feeling dizzy and stupid. As they stood in line, Jennifer picked through the fifty-cent bin set up beside the checkout counter. Jack noticed her digging and peered into the bin. Jennifer scooped it up. Jennifer didn't answer him. She looked closer. Jennifer shook it. The line moved up. Her inner debate was a short one. Gradually the traffic lessoned. They reached the library just as the sun was beginning to set. Passed the library, the streetlights stopped and the roads turned to dirt. Inside it was cold and quiet as usual. Jennifer gave him the finger. The library always had a funny odor to it. Her table was in the back. Dustin said, rising from his stoop behind her, and as he straightened Jennifer was forced to look up, and up. he agreed. Jennifer stepped closer to the table to inspect her work. Jennifer slid him a sly glance. They emerged from the stacks. Jack shot him a suspicious look, and Jennifer prayed he didn't try and start anything. Light flared from her necklace, a clear gold that cut through the darkness like a pure ray of desert sunlight. Slowly, Jennifer reached up to touch the hourglass. Jack raised an eyebrow. She started walking again. They reached their driveway a few minutes later. It was dark again. She handed over the change and it was counted out carefully. He and Jennifer shared a look. They finished dinner in silence. Her mother's expression softened. Once she was gone, Jennifer went to the sink and knocked the faucet handle over to hot with more force than was strictly necessary. She had debated, briefly, with getting a job in secret, but had eventually dismissed the idea. It's fine. Once Jennifer was done cleaning up, she retreated to her room. she said to it, and then felt stupid. Goosebumps broke out over Jennifer's arms. She squinted. Ok. Like I told daconfused1, this story was not planned, ya know? THANKS FOR READING GUYS! I am, in all definitions of the word, a mean girl. Unfortunately, there is always a band of misfits that terrorizes the school with their obstinate desire to be so. And High school most definitely didn't even things out. It all started with a bet. The tip of the day is that if you use wild California bay laurel leaves in your cooking where the recipe calls for the kind of bay leaves you get at the store, you must use half a leaf where the recipe calls for two or three leaves. The next tip of the day is that you may gather the wild California bay laurel leaves by breaking off a branch when you are hiking in the hills. Once you bring the branch home you don't need to do anything special with it. The bay laurel leaves don't wilt much or go stale, though they are more tender than the conventional bay leaves. The French like to put bay leaves into quite a large variety of savory foods, including bechamel, which is a beautiful word for plain cream sauce. A kitchen with a branch of bay laurel leaves hanging in it smells very clean and airy. Some people like to have decorative wreaths made of bay laurel branches and garden herbs -- rosemary is a good choice, and so is thyme. Possibly the best use of California bay laurel leaves is in the old-fashioned pot roast. Bay laurel leaf and wine make a natural and very compelling combination. Another classical use for bay laurel leaf is artichoke vinaigrette. Bay laurel leaves are also good in gumbo, paella, bouillabaisse, cioppino, and pumpkin stew. Jackson passed a bistro that smelled of domestic bay leaves and wine. In truth, Mr. Chase hated it when people auditioned to become a new student in his voice studio. Well, that had sounded impressive to Mr. Chase. We are the lucky ones -We shine like a thousand sunsWhen all of the color runs together. I'll keep you companyIn one glorious harmony,Waltzing with destiny forever. Dance me into the night,Underneath the full moon shining so bright. Time dancers whirling past,I gaze through the looking glassAnd feel just beyond my grasp is heaven. Sacred geometry,Where movement is poetryVisions of you and me forever. Dance me into the night,Underneath the full moon shining so bright. Dance me into the night,Underneath the full moon shining so bright. Let the dark waltz beginOh, let me wheel - let me spin,Let it take me again,Turning me into the light. It was difficult to admit it to her or even to himself, but it was the best performance he'd heard of Dark Waltz since the original had come out. Tyler Landon. arms. each person except the girl. slightly. originally Drake and who was Josh! on myself. I smile to myself. I frown. He says and I stare back at him, not giving an inch. I can't lie. I look away again and try to keep the look of delight from creeping onto my face. It's okay. But I didn't. I let out a sigh and lift my chin up, looking around at the stores. On the other side is the sports store, and man, do I love sports. I bite my lip. . Almost as soon as the words are out of my mouth I want to suck them back up and say something else. Yes; very awkward. he echoes raising an eyebrow. I'm about to protest but by the time I open my mouth he's already speed-walking off to his car, leaving me wondering if we even set a time to meet up. I say wistfully, my stomach twisting painfully. I'm not kidding. I put my fingers to my lips and refrain from laughing. I point out not a little exasperated. He tells me flatly and I look away. Lenny's eyebrows go up. Landon stares back at me. He doesn't say anything, and he doesn't step out of my way either. he says, and tugs me a little forcefully to him, bringing his lips down on mine for a big, smacking kiss. I ask him and he shrugs a yes. Little do I know that behind me, he's grinning his face off too. I look at my hamburger and blink, staring at its strange, yellow colour and trying to ignore my revulsion. I take a big bite out of the hamburger and start to chew, eyes wide, and face straight, trying not to let on. I say and grab my wallet off of the table. I roll my eyes and follow him. I raise my hand to smack him one over the head, but he runs quickly over to the other side of the car. But I fail again. He says as if it's a chore and I bite back my indignation and step aside, watching and waiting for him to fail miserably, just like me. My eyes widen excitedly as Lenny smirks and gives his fist a small pump, and his eyes turn to me. Oh. I say and am about to let go when he hugs me back. I feel a horrible throbbing in my chest; I have to get home. I feel my heart skip a beat, and look back hesitantly over my shoulder. We walk in silence back to the car, not looking at each other. The bland grey carpet of my apartment stairs stares back at me. I mutter with another heavy sigh as I walk back through my apartment door – which is open already? I close the door behind me and stare at him. I look up at him, and his blue eyes stare intensely back into mine. Clasping my hands together I look down at them; the atmosphere has changed, and suddenly everything's even more awkward than before. Who cares anyway? I watch him, a big, tight knot in my stomach tightening painfully. Lenny straightens from where he's bent over my stuff, and his fists clench. Lenny's big brown eyes roll and he sticks his hands in his pockets, walking up closer to me as I walk further back; until I feel my back bump against the wall and he's standing over me, looking down at me piteously. He asks randomly and I stare at him like he's crazy. I stare, open-mouthed at him, my arms slack at my sides, no words coming to my head aside from; oh my God. I blink at him, my heart flipping over in my chest, doing loop-de-loops and making me feel so dizzy I nearly slide down the wall and right onto my butt. And I mean, worships the ground I walk on? It excites me so much, the thought of it, that I realise; it's not just physical. I offer quietly, also in kind of a mumble. he whispers and my heart jumps. My face is going red and I can feel it. he wants to know and I feel my heart tremor at his words. But I don't know what to do. But I have Lenny's Spiderman on the pillow of my bed. I slip my cell phone out of my pocket and punch Landon's home phone into it. Landon's mum is going to kill me. The guy curses and says to someone else in the room, phone still to his ear I'm assuming. I hang up. I throw my head back in silent laughter, wheezes escaping me every couple of seconds,  I can't finish my sentences. I manage to get out. Well I hope you like that. Let's see if I can manage it, and check out the trailer for  I think it's called. Ps. A/N: Well, I had this idea for a new story, so here I am writing. My brother is so stupid. I thought I would be able to stay out of this party; I'm not exactly in with the people from my school. Actually, that's a lie; my brother is second, behind his best friend, Joel Brightman. I'm not saying I don't have any other friends, because I do. I know they don't really like The Bitches, but I don't understand why they can't just stand up to them. Aimee's second in command is almost as bad as her, not quite as bad, but I still hate her. It was 11:00 and I guessed that the party would go on for at least another couple of hours. I could feel my face heating up. I smack his arm, playfully. I don't know why her words affected me like they did. I looked up, and saw Joel. We both just sat on the bed, staring at each other. About an hour later, I got out of my brother's bed, and quickly got dressed. I saw that Joel had gotten dressed as well. The party was still going strong. That was defiantly one of the strangest nights of my life. A/N: Well, there's the prologue. Well that's pretty much it for now. AN: This was previously called  and it's the sequel to  This prologue is a new addition to the story though. Connor looked blank, listless. Charlie would have preferred to have Thomas with her. The rest of the flight was in silence. They took a cab to the law offices of Hutton, Pierce, Leighton, and Johnstone. Connor picked up the picture and stared at it. Connor picked up the picture and stared into his own eyes. Charlie looked at the pictures shaking in her son's hands. Sadie said simply. Charlie defended. Connor stared blankly at her for a moment. They spent several hours working out the legalities of everything. Shivering I press my arms above my chest, squeezing my shoulders, eyes watering with the cold wind beating down on them. Apricot sleeveless neck-tie top and faded (in a cool, it's meant-to-be-way) jean short-shorts leave a little bit of skin for the freezing cold wind to slap, over and over, till it's raw red and numbing from the pain of it. When I am faced with the flashing, blinding light of  sign. I open my eyes and my smile broadens. Nonplussed I shove my wallet back into my pocket and cross my arms, eyebrows arched. I shrug my shoulders and the smile is back on my lips as I search around in the darkness for the boat, hearing the water lap at the sides of, well, whatever it's lapping against. I didn't know this was a ride for two. The guy just stares at me, holding his head by the temples, his finger pads rubbing circles into them. Against him? I say flatly, eyebrows arching at him. I stare at him, blinking and clenching and unclenching my fists. He chides, and it only makes me get angrier. Oh my God. But he doesn't answer. I've kind of guessed what kind of ride this is, now. I know, I know. I sneak another peek at him and smirk, looking away. Not that I'd know anything about that. I tell him earnestly, making my eyes go all wide and my lips twitch down a little, like when I'm trying to get mum to let one of my friends sleep over. I elbow him a little but he's still looking ahead, ignoring me. Oh my God. I wasn't supposed to kiss him back. I look up from where I sit, coming out from my thoughts and noticing I am still shivering from before. I didn't even find out his name, or phone number. I say, my heart speeding up a little and my eyes going a little brighter. I frown, shaking my head and thinking back. It must be just kissing Thane. Point is I seem to like kissing him and only him, if the way kissing Eric and our newspaper boy proved so unsuccessful is any clue. I have to do it again. I swat her playfully over the head and grab my bike helmet, looking determined. She looks so sad, so sympathetic for me. Wait – wait. Without the safety net of it being really dark and so he doesn't know what the person he's kissing looks like. Even my dad says so! my eyes dart back upwards, only to discover Thane standing right in front of me, green eyes piercing into my brown dirt-colour ones. I know. Besides. He gives me but a nod of goodbye, and walking around me, disappears into the schoolyard. I seem to have it. I zoom in on her face, looking for the slightest zit, the slightest flaw in her skin. Zooming out when I realise, lost in my thoughts, that I've zoomed in so far that Melaney has turned all pixelated. He just stares down at me, letting go of the chair arms and sticking his hands in his pockets with a prolonged,  looking like he doesn't believe me at all. Starting to inch my chair back around again, this time him letting me, my heart pounds heavily. But Thane doesn't go away. I nod and look away. Thane says simply and I look up from the computer screen (is it still on the google homepage? His mum told him to stay inside and be warm. Because I have no idea. The book of Illusion is one of those books you have to look at every which way to try and find the different pictures in the picture. But what isn't unappealing is reading said book with Thane. My lips twist into a crazy smile and I step a little closer around to get more of a view, only my foot catches in a tree root. I say a little bit miserably and I hear someone say my name. But I am just curious. I hear Thane's voice and his footsteps getting closer and freeze in my spot, looking up at Dolly pleadingly. Panicky I spot one of the little tunnels I was always so afraid to crawl around in, in case I got lost and a flood came and I drowned. I hear him keep on walking though and I frown, glaring forward into the darkness before spotting a flash of black crawl around somewhere near my hand. Imagining him pointing down in the drain I suck in my breath and try to pretend the spider's not there, looking away from it and taking deep breathes. She says, not very convincingly I might add but I give her brownie points for trying. Groaning I don't bother to push myself up onto the grass and behind the tree like before. No such luck. I look at Dolly for help. He looks back at me and rolls his eyes, before turning around and walking off his dog trailing alongside him. Smiling, I give her a little wave and walk off in the other direction, back home, with someone's gaze boring into my back as I go. But I'm wrong, obviously. I slip past into end of a section, just in case he changes his mind and I need to change mine also, and very quickly. Snap! I hiss at him, tossing my arms up in the air. He doesn't even sound like he believes it himself, though. I say casually, with a shrug. My heart skips. Closing my eyes and waiting for the anticipated pain, I find it coming quick and fast as the individual shelves and DVDs jab into my back. I say as Thane uses a much less ethical one, before he picks my head up in his hands and presses one, totally-wowing peck upon my lips before sweeping me up with him as he stands to his feet. But he doesn't. Anyway. -- The story must be Ridiculously Happy ( Yes, all entries will be entered into my C2). --The story must use irony. Happy? His father had always supported his career decisions and he appreciated that. Matheson knew that was true. Matheson grinned. Matheson rolled his eyes. Gregory watched his son walk out of his office. Mavis was now seventy five years old and Emily had known her since she was born. Dinner was at six and by five thirty both Gregory and Matheson were there. Emily said. VaLysia Chamberlayne stood by the car as the man finished changing the flat tire on her car. VaLysia wasn't looking forward to this dinner with her grandmother's former employers. She followed the instructions the GPS was giving and soon she drove up the driveway of a large house. Val would do anything for her grandmother, even put up with this boring dinner. She didn't kid herself. Val tried not to roll her eyes. She noticed a tall young man watching her. he said extending his hand. VaLysia noticed as she shook his hand that he had the most beautiful eyes she had ever seen. The dining room was large and elegant. VaLysia lied. Dinner was uneventful, but Val felt Matheson's watchful eye on her. Matheson stood and watched her as she walked around. He watched her as she walked around the room. He continued to watch her as she was reading the titles of some of the music. Val looked at him and then to the shelf that was in front of her. Val caught her breath at his remark. Matheson regretted his words as soon as he said them. Matheson quickly let VaLysia go. VaLysia pulled out of the driveway as her grandmother waved goodbye. She had deliberately baited him and he had fallen for it. Read. A school that I was 'lucky' enough to get into. Sadly enough, I didn't have the gifted mind of my father, I am normal, to the shock and shame of my parents. Enough about me. And so far, every year water polo dominated the charts, basketball always second and tennis and fencing battled it out for third. That being said, boys who were on the water polo team were always admired and adored by all the girls. My 'friends' wanted to turn in their apps but were too chicken to, so I applied with them as moral support. Nate exclaimed, grabbing my hand and wrestling the sharpie out of my grip. I pouted slightly and watched him shove the sharpie into his pocket. I could hear the amusement in his voice, but ignoring him was so much easier than giving him the satisfaction of. I had to give him credit for being able to keep a straight face. I was too stunned to move or block the pen that flew towards me. I peered up at Nate innocently. Nate narrowed his eyes and ran a hand through his hair. Nate laughed and took a step towards me. Nate's quick movements caught me off guard. I grabbed onto the front of Nate's shirt and pulled him toward me. I touched my cheek lightly, staring into the mirror reflection as I surveyed the mark Nate had left on my own cheek. I traced the shape again, smiling at my reflection. Nate rolled his eyes as he began to unpack his bag for the lesson. He turned his attention back to me again, and gently cupped my cheek in his warm hands. He smiled softly at me. He smiled, showing off his dimples. I shot a confused look at Nate, but he was looking down at his hands. I realised why Nate took so long to write four simple words and a love heart. The run back to the classroom was exhilarating and my heart rate increased rapidly as I neared the room. I heard our math teacher call out,  I could hear the amusement in her voice but that was soon pushed out of my mind as Nate pulled me towards him again and brought our lips together. As a kid, I loved carnivals, theme parks, any place with rollercoasters and Ferris Wheels. Little did I realize that my idea of theme parks would be ruined. Okay, maybe I'm being a little too dramatic. I started to wonder if she thought she had already met me and that's why she was so…. Child labor laws…fourteen and fifteen year olds can only work till 5 PM, sixteen and seventeen year olds (Me! I didn't say anything. I hardly doubt Isaac would ever date a girl that's six years younger than him. With the facts of having Angela crushing on my brother to the point of being delusional, having my brother working as one of my indirect supervisors, having both a supervisor and manager who don't care about their employees, a lesbian who is crushing on me, and a group of guys who visit the park almost religiously, I guess having a name with the initials being SOS isn't so far off of a description of my life. I checked my pocket-watch. I didn't snort crack. Oliver slapped my shoulder again with an ever present smile. I rolled my neck and breathed out cold air. Minutes before I was perfectly fine. The thumping bass of the music made my heart pound that much harder. A/N: Well, here's the new story! I'm sorry. I had been surprised to find the letter in my mailbox early yesterday morning; I had not been surprised to find that it was comprised of only three short sentences. But I guess there was one positive (or possibly negative, depending on how a person looks at it) attribute to the letter's length; I had memorized it quite easily. As one could see from my current situation, I was in no position to be getting married. At least, I had nothing to worry about until Derek actually met the bridesmaid he would be walking with, Layla Love (no, I'm not kidding- that is her real name). But I guess drowning my sorrows by laying in bed an extra nine minutes won't solve any of my problems. I whispered. I agreed. she said before taking her shot. she declared. Evan stated. Was he serious? a new voice asked from behind me. Jake declared in a rather harsh tone. When I finished getting ready, I examined myself in the mirror to ensure that there were no stray eyeliner marks nor any loose strand of hair that hadn't purposely been left loose. We found the other bridesmaids huddled in a group. Gracie stood against a wall, a look of pure horror on her face. Gracie said weakly, coming out of her shock. Gracie begged, ignoring my words. Still pointing their guns toward us, they moved with quick strides. Jake saw me first, then looked past me to Gracie. In a brief moment of thoughtlessness, the man holding me loosened his grip. They continued their verbal sparring, but I didn't understand at all what they were saying. I looked to Evan. he mouthed back. Kick it hard. Trust him? Sadly, it didn't seem like I had much of a choice. I closed my eyes. the guy yelled. COPYRIGHT: According to the United States Copyright Office, a copyright is secured automatically when the work is created. DISCLAIMER: As far as I know,  is not a real company. WARNING: This story is rated M for a reason. It was the question on every student's mind the day after Vitelli returned from a three-day suspension for publicly berating and hurling a desk at Mrs. Henson, the school's detention proctor. Corny Sawyer was a kid in Holly's advanced calculus class who had been mesmerized by the way the spirals in Vitelli's curly hair reminded him of the golden ratio. It wasn't true, of course. Robby was assigned to be on the look-out for Vitelli entering through the school's rear entrance. Lying on the floor, next to her feet, was the small box of forgotten mints. It was Eli D-bag Vitelli and he had Audrey effectively pinned between his ankh-tattooed arms. Audrey didn't know why she sounded so desperate, why she had reduced herself to the likes of her officious friends. A pause. Her index finger punctured the cell phone's  button so forcefully, the red key popped out after she'd flung it across her mattress. But Audrey had found out the truth about the Vitelli Mystery, had uncovered the school's number one secret: on weekdays between the hours of four PM and one AM, Eli Vitelli was no crystal meth dealer. It was very simple. bluff. TUCKER"! away. growled. easily seduced, I reminded myself. down. didn't matter. Katie! whisper. Tucker. says? hesitated. he shouted. The apology almost came out of her mouth, but she forced it back. Melody shot back harshly. She hung up before he could respond, and immediately turned the phone off. He peered at her face contemplatively. Melody's eyes widened fractionally as she wondered if he had somehow guessed the reason behind her sudden liking to Gregory. Melody sighed. She couldn't resist his grin, and walked into his open arms, dropping her head on to his shoulder. With prompting, and a little bit of alcohol, his mouth was loosened even further, and the words kept pouring out. Melody winked at him. Good luck to everyone sludging through finals! I've been waiting my whole shift for a lull so I can take Dane aside, but we've been slammed since opening. Maybe if I thought about it more I'd decide to do this a different way. Around five-thirty, there's a brief hesitation in the rush. Dane's fussing with his mise en place. His face is red in the heat. A sneaky little chickenshit impulse in the back of my head is telling me he doesn't have to know. His knife winds down like a clock. There's a pause. We both snap to slightly guilty attention. We get the message. I turn and show him an innocent smile, sucking the last specks of crumbled bacon off my fingers. And then he shoots me a half-second look of utter betrayal. the chef announces to the room in general, and I do my best to look alert and trustworthy. Okay, no problem. Suddenly I'm yanked aside, and a stack of sauté pans hurtles past me to clang into the sink, where they sizzle menacingly. He's sweaty and red-faced and there's a smear of something green down the front of his apron, but his eyes are sweet coral-reef blue and there's friendship in his smile. I haul down the sprayer and dive in. No matter how early I come in, Dane's already busy. That night, at closing, I'm desperate enough to knock on the office door. Dane's sitting across the desk from Ryan. So he's bumping Roddy up to replace me. No one has anything more to say, so I leave. It's just like a family. We've hit three bars in two hours, and we seem to be out on the sidewalk yet again. He slows down to study me, so I slow down too, so everyone starts leaving us behind but who cares? It's business as usual in the kitchen. Not that Roddy takes a lot of training. The last of lunch is winding down, and it looks like we'll have a proper lull before dinner. I'm shaking as I walk away. Gil's out there already, leaning on the alley wall, puffing away. Prep bins rattle as he hammers into me. Under my clutching hands, I can feel the heat of his shoulders through his thin white t-shirt, I can feel his muscles tensing, feel the flexing of his spine. Prying ourselves off each other is a little tricky, since we're both jelly-legged and this isn't the kind of place you want to just collapse on the floor. He looks down at the mess on his t-shirt. Then his grin fades into puzzlement. The story would be told in this restaurant long after we're gone: 'These gay dudes were fucking in the cooler and the one guy cut his head open on a bin and they just kept going. Dane gives me a towel for my head. I've still got three days before my new job starts, but I know where this is heading. I understand. Dane sees it coming. I put my back against the door so he can't run. Dane is just staring at me. I clear my throat. There goes the first tear. My chest hurts like I'm having a heart attack. And that's a sob right there, damn me. Ryan is sitting on the stairs. I go out the delivery door so I won't have to face the kitchen. He said he loves me. I swing by the liquor store on the way home and buy a whole lot of something very cheap. Instead, after two coffee mugs of box wine, I fall asleep with the lights on. It's been a hell of a night. Dane's knuckles bump gently against mine. My first day at the glass factory, I fully expect to be thrown in at the deep end. After that, I get to do some work. It's boring. I know I won't really fit in here. I get to know people's names, have little conversations with them over lunch. I keep my mouth shut when they talk about their relationships. In the days after that, I wait for people to treat me differently, but it never happens. Sometimes I catch myself thinking, Maybe this is the place, maybe this is where I belong. Sometimes the sullen teenager in my head tells me the only place I ever really belonged was in Dane's arms. For a moment I need to be part of his dream. Ringing yanks me out of a dream, and at first I'm not sure what's real. I sit up, rubbing my eyes. I am, too, I realize, and not in a dumped-and-desperate way. I try to finish the sentence in my head, while my heart starts speeding up. He launches into a rambling, drunken explanation, repeating himself on minor details and leaving out basic information, but eventually I get the gist. I resist the urge to interrupt. Is he saying what I think he's saying? As soon as I get off the bus, I know why an artistic chef was a bad idea. The bistro is even smaller than he led me to expect, squeezed in between a self-consciously quirky clothing store and a florist. I see a lot of smiles, though. There's no dedicated host. I shrug modestly. He reaches out to rub his fingers across it, and we both shiver. He blushes as he laughs. I get the stuffed mushroom appetizer. So is the tuna melt. When he rejoins me, he's out of uniform. Dane beams. Marry me. I sigh,  I hesitantly rub her back. I must admit, I wasn't used to comforting my friends in such situations. I want to barf. But I was never very fond of pet-names. Throughout the entire two hour long ride, I bitterly note that neither Adam or Meg are even paying attention me. Meg and I nod, sitting on the hood of his car. I take the energy to jump off the hood of his car and walk the three feet towards him. We reach the line to the park entrance, where I have to patiently wait up front by myself so Meg could check in her purse. He nods back,  He speaks quickly, pulling out a red clip on tie and adjusting it on his tacky yellow shirt. The two said people turn their heads. Truthfully, I'm actually very grateful. I purse my lips together, holding back a smirk. I peer over her shoulder to find where we are. I follow Meg and Adam towards the next water ride. But a spritz was practically all these rides were. I nod absentmindedly. Meg starts, relieving the sudden silence. His eyes brighten up, and I swear, if all he's going to say is , I'm going to snap his throat and never let him eat again. I roll my eyes and tap my fingers against the railing. I smile bitterly at her. Fine. We lead ourselves into another tragedy-themed room, touched with little  signs. Leaning over the railing, I count how many rafts it would probably take before we could go on. I barely notice Meg and Adam sucking faces. I groan, maybe I do need to start making new friends for myself. I'm not sure whether it's from hearing Ian say too many  jokes in front of Meg and I, or if I just have no idea what else to say. And then our raft swoops itself into a steep plunge, hitting the water and going under a huge wave. Meg, in her dramatically tragic state, chooses to migrate all of her stuffed animals from her bedroom to the couch on the other side of her apartment. I try rubbing her back again, since, y'know, that works. I'm almost growling. I'm nearly snarling into the phone. I sigh,  Biting my lip, I press the end button to my call and sit on the bathroom floor for a moment. It's not that I don't want to be here for Meagan. I hug her in return. 1 New Message from ElliotOne Week Ago continued. Stupid long line, being all huge and twisty. There are more awkward smacking noises coming from the two of them, and all I can do is give them my best stink eye. Still feeling rather uncomfortable, I shift my weight between my feet and urge myself not to pick the wedgie forming in my shorts. Anyways, we're all standing in a new line, and I'm trying to tame a monster wedgie and my damp hair at the same time. So this is really all your fault Meg. I mutter other profanities to myself, while therapeutically clenching my fists and occasionally punching my open palm. I look towards my right and find Elliot standing a few yards away. I raise an eyebrow while holding back a blush. Fortunately, the line starts moving again, and I have time to recover from sudden compliment giving. Good. He nods,  He crosses his eyebrows, almost as if he wants to reword his sentence. Elliot takes me by the hand and leads us to the very back row of the roller coaster. You're lovely Cam, I mean it. What had I texted him again? TELL ME WHAT TO DO? I smile, wanting to hug him. What's the point anymore? Standing over him was a confused Elliot, holding a small bouquet of flowers and trying to comfort his friend. Uh. I blush,  He's suddenly very close to me and I can hear his heart beating. Ian starts to get up using one of his crutches. Ian's smirking and waggling his eyebrows suggestively. A chair is toppled over, a lamp's broken, and a few clothing items are not where they're supposed to be. I make another face. TO LAUREN WHO'S BUBBLY PERSONALITY INSPIRED LAUREN! Lauren said and Jason sighed. The next morning, both Jason and Lauren rushed into the restaurant known as Red Robin together. Stella called cheerfully. Lauren's and Jason's relationship was odd to say the least. In the world according to them, Lauren and Jason were just having fun. John shook his head and recommended the three cheese omelet. Jason asked looking amused as Lauren made note over note; he had never seen her so organized. Jason almost chocked on a piece of bacon as he was trying not to laugh. I hope you like it! The Beckon Brothers. I exhaled in frustration as I paced the living area. I reached towards my dearest notebook, plotting stunts I could do to make them check out without getting caught. Truth be told, they were already there. I pounded my floor's button just then, and as the elevator rose to my destination, I marched like a soldier back to my room. In every girl's lifetime, there will always be that ex boyfriend she never quite gets over. Sure, I've got the dream job working as an attorney specializing in corporate law. Now, in high school, Aaron was always one of those good guys everyone liked. When Aaron and I began dating our first year of college, I found out the innocence was only a façade. I had never actually made direct contact with him since coming back to town. It's not like Aaron and I had parted on bad terms. Aaron immediately smiled when we made eye contact. Case in point: Oh, hell. As he said that, he leaned in to brush a stray strand of hair from my face. he said fondly. Tiny was what he'd started calling me after our third date, when we'd been wrestling and he'd scooped me up, proclaiming how tiny I was. I'd protested to his calling me Tiny until I finally realized it had become a term of endearment coming from him, rather than a way to tease me. Thinking about Aaron Meyer was one thing. he reasoned while I crouched down to inspect the damage to my car. In my head and to other people, my explanation had been simple. All of a sudden my breathing became uneven and my heart was racing. I stood on my tip toes and pressed my lips into his. We kissed so roughly that neither of us flinched when our bodies crashed into the hood of my car. This was what I remembered best. Five years ago, I will admit to thinking that Aaron Meyer was what was stopping me from getting out of Summitridge and going to law school. Case in point: I never fully got over Aaron Meyer, and I probably never will. A side announcement: To those of you who have read my other stories, I'm currently in the process of planning a sequel to Somewhere Between Heaven and Hell -- something I never thought I'd do. The sound of children's laughter echoed throughout the park. Donovan snuck behind Ellie, pushing her swing abruptly. I sat up with a gasp at my dream and dragged a hand down my tired face, thinking about that old memory. My father died in a car accident two years ago, and my mother didn't waste any in finding a new husband. I rolled out of bed, discontinuing my depressing thoughts. I turned to look at my alarm clock and saw it was annoyingly blinking: 6:30AM. I jumped off the last step of the bus and hurried to the school entrance, knowing I was probably late. I heard one of those bigheaded, arrogant jocks call out sarcastically to me from a group of jocks that included Donovan. That was a low blow. A soft voice reached my ears. my mind was practically having a seizure, trying to remember. One of my eyebrows arched as I peered up at his green eyes. Dylan asked, falling back to be in step with me. Dylan nudged me and I glanced up at him with annoyance,  I hissed. I said quietly. We were always doomed from the beginning you see; it wasn't either of our faults. I sighed as I waited for Julian Stanton to get home, my supposed boyfriend. Looking at my watch I realized that I had ten minutes left so took a deep breath and sat on his thousand dollar leather couch. I had just been so astounded that he had even noticed me, a lowly worker, so I had looked past the times he pretended he didn't know me or ignored me or humiliated me in front of people. I had gone up to him in his office, ignoring the vital rule of no contact at the work place and asked him about that nights date that we had planned together. he corrected, his eyes taking an icy glaze that I wasn't normally on the receiving side of, I actually winced. The front door opened, yanking me out of my thoughts and Julian Stanton came in, throwing his jacket onto the floor and running a hand through his light brown hair. I marveled at his looks for what I knew would be the last time. He turned and saw me, surprise filling his blank eyes  he smiled slowly, warmly which almost broke my resolve. JULIAN, YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE IN A RELATIONSHIP WITH ME ANYMORE. I muttered, running a hand through my fake raven black hair. she said before hanging up, probably to get ready for my melt-down to come. I heard someone roll up beside me and looked up to see Mason sitting there with a soft, concerned smile on his face. he began to sing after pulling away from the curb and into traffic  I laughed and elbowed his side playfully as he broke out into a grin, driving toward his and Chelsea's apartment. I smiled at him. he eyed me for another second wondering if I was just pretending and then turned back to face the road. Chelsea squeezed me once and then pulled back to hand me a spoon. I took one look at the last one and burst out crying. I suddenly found myself too tired to tell her that I already had a job. I hoped. I sighed in an annoyed manner, however, in my defense I had every single right to, we had been at this for almost two hours. I groaned, rubbing my head that was sure enough developing into a head ache  Dillon and I had become close during the month I had started working with him. I groaned in response and got out my phone, ringing Chelsea. she hung up as I laughed. I got into the elevator and hit floor 14, tapping my foot to the elevator music playing. I greeted, opening the door. I froze at the sound of that painfully familiar voice. I groaned silently to myself and sunk even deeper into my hood, cursing myself, my lack of phone reception, him, Chelsea, Mason and Fate for thinking this was funny. All of a sudden Julian whirled around, boring his eyes into me. I came out onto the lobby, breathing hard from running down three floors of steps in high heels. I nodded. Marino sung out to me, opening his arms for a hug. I cautioned him, laughing a little. he barely concealed a shudder. I warned him casually as I sipped the complementary water on the table and played with the straw that came with it too. I looked up at him, my mouth dangerously close to falling off I just stared, a million thoughts racing through my head. I stood him up and hugged the life out of him, grinning like an idiot. I didn't say anything for a while, thinking about what he was saying. he grinned out of pure joy for my casual dismiss of his topic like he was stupid meaning he thought that I thought he had a good chance of being a husband soon. She laughed, shaking her head a little  we both shared a laugh as she showed us to the door. I laughed, getting into the car then sighed almost sadly  it came out as a begrudging tone to Dillon who was pulling out of his driveway. was my disorientated answer as I opened my eyes and looked around. Dillon sighed and wrapped a hand around my waist, ushering me quickly inside and away from the glare of the flashes. She was a tall, skinny woman who was about the size of a stick and had no curves at all. There was things said after 'Mrs. Stanton' but I didn't hear them. I wouldn't have responded but she grabbed my waist, dangerously close to my butt and pulled me closer. Mrs. Jane smiled, turning me around, hand lingering on my waist. she smiled at me. I smiled shakily at him, also giving him a hand shake. I made the mistake of looking up one last time to see him staring back at me; eyes soft and hair slicked back. came a voice from behind. So much fake-ness I almost choked. A cold hand closed around my arm and dragged me towards the empty balcony. A hurt expression covered his face, and if I was being honest with myself I would have said it pulled on my heart strings. He looked a little sorry at that, but. I looked up at him, mad again. I sighed in a defeated voice, not meeting his eyes. I laughed bitterly and looked up at him  I turned away from him, my heart dangerously close to breaking. I turned to tell him off but the expression on his face just tore me apart and I was speechless. I licked my lips. I determinedly set my jaw and walked through the crowd that wouldn't not glance at me, Dillon right by my side. The valet pulled up and opened the door, waiting for Dillon and I to get in as he waited for us. Dillon's brow furrowed disbelievingly; I was never one to turn down ice cream. He sighed and looked at me  he sighed  he threw a kind smile my way once more and got into the car, honking the horn as he went. I slipped off my dress and sighed as I took bobby-pins out of my hair. Surprisingly though, it was much easier to fall asleep then I thought it would be. I asked, slipping on my comfy grandpa slippers and going into the kitchen to find something to eat. she gushed. It took a moment but I responded with gusto. The silence was stunning but I couldn't help but smile. And I was too happy to do anything but comply. Firstly – it's a slash story. Thirdly – and probably most importantly – this story is all about incest. Please, if you don't like any of the topics above, don't read this story. One of the things I'd promised myself when we'd moved is that I wouldn't be gay anymore. Being gay was a problem. The problem was that I couldn't find the right person. Little did I know how wrong I was. I began to classify groups and pick out interesting people. The Asians – there were the cool ones with dyed-brown sweeping fringes and leather jackets, then the bespectacled nerd variety. It was a guy. Then the face – oh, the face. Fuck. He stopped just beyond the doorway and ran a hand through his tousled girls-grab-this-while-I-fuck-them chocolatey hair. I slumped down in my seat and let out a breath I didn't know I was holding with a small hiss. he said with a smirk. Fuck. I asked shakily. My Mum told me to look out for you. I groaned. So, um. Also, a word on circumstances. The heat emanating from Brandon was both comforting and unsettling. I used to do relentless mental gymnastics with myself when I had woken up after the first few times we had started sleeping with each other. Surprisingly, Brandon had wanted more. But it was the kindness that he possessed that made people crave his company. Brandon was so different from any other guy I knew. The first time I had seen Brandon was on the campus shuttle around eight o'clock in the evening. Right before the bus was about to leave, Brandon had walked on and took a position at the front. That was when it all started. I was not one to blush and look away when I was being held under a watchful gaze. I had never reacted so strongly to a male presence. He had asked me, flashing that charming grin. I bit back a smile, turning into his side, pressing my bare breasts into his arm. He gave another groan and stretched his arms along his headboard, the muscles flexing. Brandon's breathing quickened as I threaded my hands through his thick, curly hair. His soft lips found my face and I felt him brush kisses across my forehead, my eyelids, my nose. I shut my eyes as they started to tear up, turning my head away. I had told him once I didn't believe that relationships were meant to last. But something still always prevented me from reciprocating his love. Brandon sighed when I didn't respond and rolled off me, throwing an arm over his face. I felt numb as I heard him leave the apartment. I cried until my head throbbed and until I couldn't breathe through my nose. He was right. I asked myself why I was so against a relationship with him. And with that thought I got out of bed and got dressed. I made his bed and tidied up his room. I was sitting on the counter, practicing what I wanted to say to him, when I heard the door click open. He was flushed and his shirt was damp. he said quietly, even as he brushed a small kiss across the temple of my forehead. I took a small breath as I felt him brush back my hair away from my face. I sighed softly when he leaned down to kiss me. He pulled back, his lids heavy. He grinned that same grin he flashed me on the bus when we first met. I laughed at his cheesy line while he smiled. . A/N: Seeing as how it has been way too long since I last uploaded something on here, I decided to sit down at my computer and try to get something out. I just wanted to say thank you to all of my reviewers and readers that have followed me throughout the years. Hey readers! Not good. I finally blurted out. It's a simple premise. My heart pounded uncomfortably. Yes! I sighed. Predictably, I was getting yelled at. Looking back, I don't even fucking remember why I wanted to do it. That was okay, though. In any case, I'd been honest in my response. I sighed. God I hated that phrase. she begged. My eyes floated down to the ground. I was amazed. I was facing a serious dilemma. In all probability, Mr. Juarez had completely forgotten about his plan to straighten out my social woes as soon as I passed out of his line of vision. I sighed and pushed myself regretfully to my feet. I took one long breath before stepping through the door. I exclaimed, and completed the accusation with a childish finger-pointing gesture. The guy turned to me and immediately I clammed up. I didn't particularly buy into the bad boy stereotype. Was he allowed to talk to students like this? It was all I could do to swallow, and I congratulated myself for the feat. Ben's eyes shifted to me and mine immediately found the floor. The room was silent for a moment. I beat myself to a pulp with a mental fist, panicking, urging myself frantically to respond. My ability for speech was very apparently temporary and I shook out a nod. Ben gushed mockingly. I gave a sigh and propped myself up against my tree. Macy was stunned. A/N: So there's the first chapter (re-revised)! a/n: Ayyyy, a/n at the beginning! Warning: This is a BDSM fic. It was big and drafty, and obviously a place for fun. Bringing the joint to his lips, he inhaled, holding the smoke in his lungs for several moments before breathing out. Finch ditching him was kind of bullshit, though. Sev took another drag, nibbling the tip for a moment, and then giggling at the soggy joint. Sev looked at the phone cradled in his other hand. Closing his eyes, Sev tilted his head back until it hit the glass wall of the art room. He stopped when he heard a groan. Sev bit his lip, blinking his eyes as he tried to focus. There was … Mr. Duarte. Mr. Duarte was breathing heavily, his back taut, and his bottom sticking up in the air. Mr. Duarte was standing over him, a slight sheen of sweat covering his forehead, and his cheeks tinged with red. There was silence above him, and Sev slid his fingers apart to see Mr. Duarte looking to the side. Raising an eyebrow, he watched with interest as Mr. Duarte suddenly shivered. Sev felt a small knot in his stomach, and he shoved Mr. Duarte's shoulder. Sev looked at Mr. Duarte. Mr. Duarte replied. Sliding his slicked-with-sweat hair out of his eyes, Sev cursed the sun, and moved a little faster. What had Mr. Simmons said? He looked across the freeway, at the fruit stand. Staring at her with half-lidded eyes, Sev frowned. Sev replied, a small giggle escaping his lips. He tilted his head away from her touch, and he felt her pull her fingers back. He was starting to come down- just enough to know how whiny he sounded. Finch ignored him. If he had gone through the classroom … Mr. Duarte would have seen him. How twisted did Mr. Duarte have to be to do this in his classroom? Once again, Mr. Duarte had bent himself over an art table, dangling his knees down on a chair. Jerking up, Mr. Duarte slipped and fell, banging his chin on the table. Making a grunt of protest, Mr. Duarte pushed Sev's hand away, not unkindly, and rolled to his back. Mr. Duarte sighed, and moved to open the door. Mr. Duarte barked, his voice hoarse. Mr. Simmons said, stepping inside. That's when Sev noticed Mr. Duarte had gone stark white, the blood draining from his face. Mr. Duarte replied, his voice low. Sev shouted, surprising even himself. Sighing, Mr. Duarte's shoulders slumped, and he fell down into his chair. Ignoring him, Sev raised his hand, and brought it down on Mr. Duarte's clothed bottom. Sev recovered quickly, and fisted the back of Mr. Duart's shirt. Sev replied, looking over until their eyes met. Cheater, CheaterDisclaimer: I do not own anything you recognise. Advance Warning: This story is a little more physical than my other stories. The two – like a lot of high school friends– had met in pre-school. Things would have continued along that pre-ordained path, if it hadn't been for the summer before their junior year, when Grant and his parents went to Italy, and Tabby's family went to California. When she saw him, Rainy squeaked. Tabby, while she had never been fat, had always been on the tubby side, hence Grant's unflattering pun on her nickname. Lorraine said. Lorraine looked delighted. But Grant could not deny that he was a little piqued by Lorraine's ambiguity. Her beautiful waist-length hair had all been sheared off to a shoulder-length cut. Grant had always been on the tall side– six-one, he had last boasted to her. Despite trying hard not to think about it, Grant's mind drifted to Tabby. Grant repeated himself. He said, dismissing the topic. Tabby's blush was deep. Tabby shook her head. She muttered, removing her hand because she realised how stupid it was to keep it there. But ever since that day, there had been some decidedly un-brotherly thoughts in his head– most of which resulted in dreams, which consequently lead to a lot of cold showers in the night. Grant wasn't quite sure what was going on with him. It hadn't only been her appearance had changed, but even her mannerisms. Grant didn't know how to tell her that he wasn't been over-protective, he was being possessive. One evening, a month after the disastrous naked show, the two were in Grant's house, alone. Tabby didn't even twitch. Grant leaned in closer to her, mock threateningly. A little thrown off by the intensity in his eyes, Tabby bit her lower lip, which didn't turn out to be the wisest decision. It was like an awkward first kiss, mostly because despite how he'd started to see her, she was still Tabby, his best friend and could-be sister– the girl who had occasionally eaten mud-pies with him when they were five. So, he raised a hand and put it on the back of her head, burying it in her hair. It was like nothing he'd never experienced before. It was she who pushed him on his back, lying on top of him. A few moments later, the two broke apart and stayed still, her face still in his hands, her hands still in his hair. Tabby leaned forward again, a blush on her cheeks. Grant didn't ask where this left them, she didn't answer. They didn't touch or kiss in public, with other people watching. The first time they slept together was Christmas of their junior year– two months after they'd first kissed. Afterwards, Grant still on her, Tabby cried. After that, Grant climbed into Tabby's room every night, using the wrought-iron staircase that wound around the back of the house to Tabby's room. Despite doing everything that two people in a relationship did, they didn't officially go out. When the time came, neither of them could break away from the other. Tabby was on the treadmill in the gym, the first time she saw him. The guy straightened and his eyes immediately caught Tabby's. He said. After he was gone, Tabby remembered Grant with a shock. Tabby turned away from the scene, jealousy burning in her. But at the same time, she needed Grant there for support. On the night of the date, Grant picked up Mina, and took her to the restaurant, where they were supposed to meet the other two. The other two arrived a few moments later. She shyly looked up at him through her lashes. They shuffled around before deciding where to sit. It was somewhere after Tabby's third glass of wine that she began to quietly lose her inhibitions. So, continuing to eat carefully, Grant moved his unoccupied hand onto her knee. Grant casually moved his hand up her thigh and she choked. He whispered back smugly. Peter's expression screamed that he thought he was going to get some. But before then, Grant had another battle to win. Except, Grant really didn't get any. For the first time since they'd moved in, Tabby slept in her own bedroom. But with Peter in the picture, things had changed so rapidly that Grant had no idea what was going on. Tabby always used the excuse that she didn't have time for him between classes and Peter. And so, Grant decided to skip the last lecture of his day, because he knew that Tabby had some crap class that she could afford to miss too. She stopped and turned around. Tabby looked longingly towards escape before sighing and making her way to him. Tabby violently shook her had. Tabby threw herself at him, wrapping her arms around him, pressing their bodies together. Grant's lips lowered to her neck and he began kissing and suckling on the skin, causing her to grin. Then, to his surprise, Tabby suddenly gasped and pulled away from him. She placed her hands on his bare chest and let them roam for a few seconds, almost wistfully. Tabby shook her head. And it was only after she was gone did Grant allow himself to realise that he had already fallen hard and fast for his best friend– another guy's girlfriend. But despite the way Peter and Tabby's relationship was progressing, Grant couldn't kill the flame of hope in him. It happened the night before they were due to go back home for Christmas vacation. He quietly stuck the key into the hole and opened the apartment. And then, he saw them on the couch. Since she was facing the door, she caught sight of Grant standing there. And so, he turned and left. Grant wasn't really a confrontational kind of guy. But then, his luck ran out. Their situations were oddly reversed when this time, Tabby cornered him in the corridor. He demanded, raising an eyebrow. Tabby flushed. "No, Tabby. For a moment, Grant couldn't believe her. The grin really did burst across her face, lighting it up and taking his breath away. I said, giggling like a mad schoolgirl. Taylor, my best friend, huffed. Taylor scowled at me. I chugged down another glass of beer. I looked at Taylor who was now bickering with Rose. My eyes scanned the room looking for a prey. I took a sip of my vodka and frowned at the taste. We laughed and got another round of beers. Taylor pointed at the hottie from previously. Rose giggled. I stood up and hitched my skirt a little. I went up to him and sat beside him. I said. I gave him a sly smile. He seemed thoughtful for a second, amusement dancing in his eyes. Fuck. He coughed, trying to compose himself. I gave him a wicked smile. The music was an upbeat one, so I began swaying my hips to the beat. he said as he bit my earlobe. I purred. He didn't waste any time on complying with my wish. He pinned me to his car suddenly, capturing my lips with his once again. I gritted my teeth furiously. Rose told me. I said. Taylor and Rosette chuckled lightly. A week had passed since my meeting with Reed, but I never saw him again. I was sipping my drink slowly while the others were being crazy. Since her wedding would be held tomorrow, she had to be sober or else she wouldn't be able to walk down the aisle. A familiar voice said from behind me. Shit. Laurell, my sister's best buddy, winked at me. I was right: Reed was loaded. As we entered his apartment, he slammed me against the door and began kissing me forcefully. He growled as he pulled apart from our fierce kiss, his breathing heavy and labored. He climbed to the bed as well and we resumed our previous make out session. I didn't have a chance to reply because he was already attacking my breasts. Soon, his lips were back on mine as he tried to unhook my bra. I unhook my bra easily, letting the fabric slip off my arms, giving him a front view of my naked top. he said before assaulting my nipples with his mouth. I was aware suddenly that it was time for me to take control. In no time, his shirt and pants were on the floor, so was my skirt. He resumed to kissing my neck, trailing down to my chest and to my abdomen. he asked as his finger tugged on the hem of my panties. I cried in pleasure. And just as he said it, his tongue darted into my pussy as he inserted a finger to it as well. After I managed to compose myself, I let go of his lips and moved my body to straddle him. Slowly, I lowered my lips to his cock, kissing the tip of his length which already held a pre-cum. I could feel his muscle tightening under my touch. He pulled me to him and I rested my head on his chest, feeling happy for an unfathomable reason. He spanked me even harder. He growled. I cried. He parted my legs and positioned himself at my entrance. he moaned as my walls clenched around him. He didn't last long as well, I could feel him stiffening inside of me. he finished for me. I knew it was only a one-night stand, but it was really hard for me to leave his place that morning. That didn't mean anything though. Three days had passed since my sister's wedding. I told Rose in a hushed whisper and hung up. Dang, he noticed me. He sighed. I asked nonchalantly. Author's Note: OH MY GOD! HEY GUYS! She squealed enthusiatically. She stared at me meaningfully. My mom rolled her eyes,  Jazzed. Yep. Confused? penetrated by the p. football team. get down my pants! exploiting this information"? listening. person you are. hair. don't know. that's it. NEW STORY ALERT! I sighed walking out of the building. I silently hoped it did. We said goodbye as I pulled up to my crappy apartment building and hopped out. One good thing about my crappy apartment was my top of the line furniture. I grabbed a pair of worn jeans tugging them on followed by a baggy t-shirt. one of the guys said and I kept walking. She piped and my eyes widened. I said trying I smile but failing miserably because they burst out laughing again. I glared at him. Johnny shouted awaking from his slumber. Tess suggested and he climbed off my lap and sprinted out of the room. I asked and she nodded. Tyler went over to the cabinet and pulled out a couple of wine glasses. The conversation continued easily as they seemed to change the subject to their business. Tyler said wolfing it down beside Jordan who was just watching him with wide eyes. It was up in the woods and very secluded. Captain of several sports and straight A's but never left me behind after we bonded in first block English when we were sophomores. He pushed his face into my neck and took a couple of deep breaths before pulling away to kiss my forehead. He asked setting a glass of strawberry soda in front of me. He came around the island and started kneading my shoulders. I said simply not wanting to go into detail. I cut him off softly. He laced our fingers and tugged me. Oh don't I know it. He pulled back and kissed my lips softly. I woke up with Ryan smiling down at me. he nodded. Tess asked grabbing her purse and my arm. After a hair appointment, getting my nails done and having more than fourty combined bags I was beat. Tess even took me to a department store and had one lady teach me how to use make up. she said as I tugged my shorts down. Rick muttered with his eyes giving me a once over. Email FairyGossipmonger{at}mail{dot}com  with your crush's name to have Fairy Gossipmonger help grant your wish. Allie Finch exclaimed as she and Radi Park approached the counter where I stood. I responded adjusting my oversized apron. The Whirl was a hot spot for gossip. It was leaning on this very counter that Fairy Gossipmonger was born. So for two weeks I went into snooping mode. But I really couldn't just stop there. Olivia Handers, who further down the long, pink counter was also waiting for her drink, interjected. Even more so than the Whirl, parties were an information goldmine. Olivia rolled her bright blue eyes as if annoyed, but it was clear how much pride Olivia held for her genius boyfriend. I scrunched my nose at him. Ben laughed, his dirty blond hair tousling at the slight shake of his head. To be honest, though, thinking back to those days made my stomach churn. I was still five houses down from the intimidating Shultz mansion, but judging by what I could hear, the party was already bumping along at full force. Managing to weave through the pileup of cars at the driveway, I nudged the large door that stood slightly ajar and slipped into the house. Turning the see the state of the coat closet across from the fountain, I couldn't quite blame everyone for just opting to toss their stuff on the fountain. I smiled at the gracious host who appeared at my side before I could get very far into the house. As student council president and vice president of South Creek High, there was no better known pair of best friends than Drew and Reese. Nicci interjected. I couldn't let an opening to subtly fill my gossip box slip away. Drew laughed. Reese asked, blatantly ignoring my refusal and immediately ducking towards the kitchen after taking my slight tilt of my head in his direction as a yes. I could feel my forehead scrunch in confusion. I just continued pouting despite Nicci's wrong assumptions. Nicci continued, unaware of my distressful thoughts,  Nicci wriggled her fingers in my direction and flittered off. The sudden voice and appearance of the can of Sprite floating in front of me caused me to flinch out of my downward spiraling thoughts. I urged. As Reese reluctantly allowed the scowling brunette to pull him towards the mass of dancing bodies, I could almost swear that concern flashed across his grey-blue eyes when he glanced back at me and mouthed the word 'sorry. Making my way around the expansive first floor of the Shultz mansion, I was happy to find Seth hanging with two of his friends at the dining table lined with all kinds of snacks imaginable. Lance asked the minute I popped the chip in my mouth as if he was personally invested in what my answer would be. Taking a quick sip of my Sprite, I shook my head. I lied intently watching Seth's reaction as I planted Amanda's name. My feet dangled from my position atop a tall stool, feeling immensely happier without the need to carry the weight of the rest of my body. Monica muttered not hiding the spite in her voice. Anna? I managed to mutter belatedly. Zach picked up the empty soda can that spun out of my hand during my klutz attack and sat in the stood next to me. Zach puffed out his chest and flexed his arm to imitate the football players that he often found himself tackled under. I pointed out eliciting a laugh out of Zach. As Zach sat silently for the moment, likely recalling the painful event, my eyes scanned the large room. Upon second glance towards the rowdy group of guys, I realized that Reese was not with them. And it was. My assertion sounded unconvincing even to my ears. I couldn't help but consider how different my exit from the party was from my entrance. The Earth was dying. It took a decade for the world leaders to admit defeat and they turned to the few planets they had relations with, trying to negotiate help. So the world leaders met to discuss their decision. The Inran's then came to Earth and took ten thousand people, all male, but that seemed the only requirement. So years passed and the Inran mated with the humans, producing many half-breed children. He hesitated before he heard glass, a window he would guess, shatter from inside the house. He jumped over a fallen branch, landing gracefully on the other side and making his way into the thick forest that surrounded their home. And a horde it was. He took a deep breath, just like his mother had taught him to, and lengthened his stride, covering more ground than before without using more energy. Ry'll didn't slow down, didn't respond, he didn't even throw a look over his shoulder. Ry'll wanted to scoff, but knew it would disturb his even breathing and so picked up his pace instead. Ry'll smiled, proud of himself and his mother. He heard the guard, Shay, grunt in agreement and Ry'll almost stopped. 'Don't make my sacrifice be in vain Ry'll,' she had whispered to him after one of their training sessions. Her brown eyes had been so serious then, a mother intent on doing whatever she had to in order to protect her young, and Ry'll had automatically agreed, nodding his head. There was a loud crashing sound and when he looked up he couldn't believe what he was seeing. He panted, quick breaths in and out. So the guns and bows were only to put him to sleep. He whined. AN: Ok guys. Do you understand what is going on? What about the description? Constructive criticism will be helpful, but please don't tell me you hate the story and that's it. My name is Kexy Alexis Stone, and what you are reading now is my story year. His name was, and still is, Hayden Michaels. It had been raining since sundown. The phone rang as she watched sweat drip down the side of her beer, pooling in round, wet circles on her kitchen table. Jen's tone left no argument and Shelby groaned. Rain fell in sheets outside, but the balcony walkway of her apartment building was dry. This time she didn't deny the order, but walked toward the stairs slowly at a trudge, feeling whipped and malleable. Jen remained silent as Shelby hiked across the grass, water soaking into her thin tank-top. Jen laughed. Jen's hands left her belt loops and rolled higher, slipping under her sodden tank top with cold fingers. It wasn't a question. One more kiss pressed into the skin over her collarbone before hands began to push her toward the safety of the awning. Spots dotted her vision before she managed to pull away, licking her lips and gasping. With her head down and her face hot, Shelby willed herself not to run from the room as she moved into the kitchen and settled her movements on autopilot. Silence followed for a few long seconds. And that was it. Fuck to defenses. Jen's voice was thick with sleep and the word slurred. The call ended with another low beep and Jen's hands returned, one cool and gentle as it settled on her stomach and the other combed through Shelby's hair. Jen glanced back toward the bed, looking regretful and Shelby felt dirty. Shelby cut her off. Fully dressed now, Jen returned to the bed and Shelby fought the urge to move further from her. Jen scooted closer with a shake of her head, sending loose chocolate-colored tendrils into her face as she pulled at Shelby again. Jen stood without another word, her bottom lip caught between her teeth as she rose from the bed. There were roses in my locker. But they obviously weren't for me. So there was no way, no possibility that those gorgeous tears of earth were mine—disappointing, but unmistakable. he asked me unsurely. I held up the roses daintily,  I asked. I wanted to press him—I knew there was more to the story—but geez! No one word answers, please, I thought to myself, but instead of speaking on my thoughts, I pressed on. He hesitated. I tucked the notebook into my back pocket. I had asked just about short guy in the school whether or not they thought I was cute. I put the code in distractedly—because I could do that code in my sleep—and opened my locker with little struggle. Locker Guy decided at this time to appear at his locker. My eyes snapped up to his and I furrowed my brow. I shook my head stubbornly. I took the opportunity to bring out my spiral and write everything down, trying my hardest to stay on task and not to include the fact that Locker Guy was had a cynical view on romance. At least I could over satisfy myself with the fact that I was lucky—I knew his game. I can rest nicely with that fact, because lying in my locker was not four—not even six—but ten roses. he said when he saw the roses, and then he yanked his locker open. he said, and he continued to shove his books into his locker. I replied, trying to prolong the opening of my locker—I was afraid to. Eleven. I held the flimsy sheet close to my glasses, trying to get a better look at the tiny scribbles. he wrote,  Wow. I read the note again, trying to clarify how much roses I'd gotten. I slammed my back onto my closed locker door, and slid until my butt hit the tile. I didn't want to break his heart, but I had to break the news. he trailed off. It could be right, you know. I glanced at him through my lashes, not even bothering to hide the hope in them. Under pressure, Locker Guy was freezing up. I tried again. There was a brief pause in his step, and he turned back to face me. My throat was dry. He tapped his chin as if trying to place the name. Music. Did Beethoven know that his music would one day inspire others? It is here, in the recesses of time and beauty that the journey of young Nicholas Guicciardi begins. A/N: WOOT! It was the first day of summer vacation—the first day of freedom from Worchester's Academy for Boys. Rawnie rolled her eyes at him, though she was smiling. Rawnie wasn't just his best friend, but his cousin as well. A few minutes later, Rawnie sat up straight, yawning and stretching. Leland pouted at her. Leland hadn't really been all that surprise since he knew Rawnie was more interested in directing than acting, unlike him, and had a way of making people listen to her. Kaleb Jacobs threw himself on his bed with a scowl, turning the volume up on his iPod to the point where it was almost painful to listen to. Or rather, Joey Sullivan had. But he had, which was why he was home two hours before he was supposed to be. Would that matter to his parents, though? Kaleb just sat there and stared at her, not even bothering to open his mouth. Kaleb glared at her for a long while with his jaw clenched before he grudgingly handed over his iPod. She then turned her back on him and began making her way out of his bedroom. Kaleb wanted to scream at her. Then he turned around and left. Summary: Ezra is tired of being lonely. Warnings: This is SLASH. A/N: Well! And, in fact, he was. Paris, the oldest, was tall and muscled, with long black hair and dark brown eyes. Marco, Mars, was a year older than Ezra. Ezra felt his world begin to spin on it's axis. He asked immediately upon entering the living room. Gritting his teeth, Ezra slowly moved forward. Ezra grimaced and lifted his eyes from the floor. Ezra swallowed and risked a glance at his older brother's face. Ezra paused before answering. Ezra frowned and studied his hands. Paris was standing now, looking at him as though suddenly seeing him for the first time. He laughed bitterly and began making his way upstairs. Marco had never been very good in school. Jasper was the only one Ezra was capable of calling a friend. Ezra blushed but nodded. The weather was in freefall that first day, like so many other things. I, Delilah Patterson, did not appear in the gossip that day. This was not the day my parents got divorced. Right now you're thinking that was anticlimactic. Maybe it is, but then again, maybe it isn't. I was insignificant. Welcome to reality. During the most important moment of my life, I wasn't doing anything noteworthy, just staring at a whiteboard in a prison-cell classroom, not listening to my teacher not-teach. Anyway, I was in Geometry when it happened, the spark. It didn't make an audible noise even though it felt like it should. It's not like my life was particularly hard or meaningless. That's a pretty big idea to swallow for someone who can't seem to understand the difference between Gucci and Prada, the Pythagorean Theorem and Murphy's Law. Wake up. It wasn't much of a push, but it was all I needed. You can't control it? Saying 'nothing matters' sounds very depressing and suicidal though, so let me clarify. By 'nothing matters', I mean anything goes, everything goes, nothing I've ever had can be left behind when I clean out the closet of my life and burn everything that was ever inside. Again, it has something to do with destroying everything I have so that I can find something better. If I'd known right then what I know now, maybe I would have hesitated. Flash forward to the present, to me standing on the edge of a skyscraper, watching the lights of our collective police force move around like fireflies. I was at school still, mostly normal, mostly sane, just another sheep in the flock for the moment. To anyone who could connect my unmemorable face with a name, 'Deli' was about as good as it got. My best friend's name was Madeline Scott, also known as Maddy, also known as 'that girl I shouldn't associate with'. Maddy had big, curly brown hair that stuck up funny sometimes, big brown eyes that were always extra bright with too much household inhalant, and tiny, delicate features that had her ending up on her back (or her knees) far too often. Looking at her now was making me a little confused, though. The point is that Maddy had no reason to be friends with me. Maddy had been chatting away at me as I contemplated the depth of our friendship, speaking Cosmopolitan and Seventeen without really wondering if I cared. My voice somehow managed to break through her endless string of nonsense fashion tips and sexual positions, sounding flat even to me. Maddy sent me a look that made me feel strangely violent, a facial expression that clearly asked, 'What's your problem? I'd never skipped class before; even with Maddy as a best friend I'd always managed to be a pretty good kid. I promptly turned away from my assigned class, listening to my cheap sneakers squeak against the gaudy linoleum floor as I headed for the closest exit. Why not just pick up a hobby? Because filling my days up with even more useless activity wasn't going to make them any less meaningless, any more my own. The ends of my fingers shook slightly as I pushed on the cold metal bar of the door, flinching as the hinges squealed but loving every shiver that raced up my spine at the prospect of getting caught. I was at the back of the building, staring out at the barren football field. Another step forward and I was out of the doorway, not listening to it click and lock behind me as I drank in the lung-piercingly chilled air. I pushed one hand through my dead-animal-bone white hair, for once not caring that it was getting frizzy from the water in the air, then began walking out onto the football field. The woods were a little eerie, a little dark, but I shoved the first branches out of my way anyway, settling my feet onto the thick layer of fallen leaves coating the grassless dirt. I think we're about to the point where I tell you about my family, my past, the little details of my life that led up to what's going on. I think I've mentioned how average I was. Anyway, until the moment I realized everything I've been telling you, I was an everyday, completely normal piece of wallpaper in the lives of those around me. a/n - Here 'tis, the new story! to be a pansy! But if he loved her, would he have so shamelessly chatted up that redhead at work today? Only she wasn't answering the door. So why were his knuckles raw from rapping so hard against the oak? he interrupted smoothly, but his voice was hoarser and softer than he intended, and maybe he should've brought her flowers. She was looking at him expressionlessly as she crossed her arms under her chest, and he really should've brought some daisies, too. And her dress. (But in his heart, he knew - and he knew because he - because she - well, all he really knew was that she was not the woman who cried over being stood up. she cleared her throat and leaned against the doorway. He didn't love her, right? And he was not a pansy. She bought him that one, actually. Oh. After a good half-minute, he turned his head around to where she was still standing in indignant shock by the door. he sighed. She looked away in disgust, her (very pink) upper lip curling derisively. she said, laughing, and he had to remind himself why it was he didn't love her (because he didn't, see - it's just that when she - well - God). Maybe if he'd played it off like it was nothing she would've left him alone, but instead he hastily tried to pull his sleeves down, feeling naked and ashamed. she said quickly, already on her way to the kitchen (sometimes she just couldn't handle it, handle him. Pansy? Her mouth dropped in shock and his hand dropped from where it had rested on the fridge—it was that sweaty. She made it sound so sexy, too. LOLOLOOLL – uhhh. …so that was fun while it lasted. p. (yes, that means if you don't you will be. A/N: Okay so this story is a one-shot that I wrote really quickly after a night of inspiration - I went to Blockbuster and then rented/watched Say Anything, which was amazing and partially inspired this story. She was the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen. I never let myself get too hopeful, however. I still remember the first day I saw her – of course I remember, I think about it at least twice a day. It must've been a full minute before I finally started breathing again. I cursed myself when I realized I wasn't the one to get her a membership, because the next time I saw her she already had a membership card. she said quietly. Of course that's what her name would be. Anyone who knows me knows how much of a movie fanatic I am. I don't know how I did it, but somehow I managed to squeeze out a,  as I reached for the movie. I informed her, my voice dangerously close to cracking. I saw her repeatedly, at least 3 times a month in Blockbuster, plus the occasional sightings around campus. By that time I knew so much about her it was almost sick. But my main source of information about her came from the times when she came into Blockbuster and I was working. When she was in a particularly goofy or happy mood she would get a comedy, sometimes a classic like What About Bob? I knew what her weaknesses were – chocolate, and dancing movies. The thing that I noticed the most was the sheer number of times that she had rented Say Anything. Now I don't want you thinking that I'm some psychotic stalker, watching this girl and making mental notes of her every move, waiting for the perfect opportunity to like, attack her and kill her or something. I also talked to her occasionally, more than just  but less than  There was one time when she forgot her membership card and her license, and under Blockbuster policy, we needed one or the other to rent out the movie. She looked away as she leaned forward and bit her lip, resting her elbows on the counter. she said. What a dick. By the time May rolled around, I had almost fully resigned myself to the fact that nothing would ever happen with her – almost. It was Monday, the first study day before finals week started. I don't know what made me say it. she asked. Somewhere in the back of my mind I realized that saying that implied not only that I recognized her, but that I kept tabs on what she rented. The rest was a work of divine intervention, I swear to god. Her door swung open, and there she was, taking my fucking breath away again. So I have been insanely inspired lately. I don't really care for fp's new rating system. This is a story I've written that was totally inspired by two other stories I've read here on Jiro's Downward Spiral Rising (storyID: 1751878) and Myrika's Against All Odds (storyID: 1701561). The summer before my senior year was the best summer ever. I shook the thought away. I smiled bleakly at her as she picked up Parker, trying to explain it to her. I'd known Jason Peterson since middle school. I couldn't deny how gorgeous he was. It was apparent to tell by the giant scowl on Jason's face that he was just as thrilled about the idea as I was. I slammed my locker shut more forcefully than I intended. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw one of Jason's cronies—I think his name is Jack—snort amusedly. I quirked the corner of my mouth in response and filled my glass with water from the fridge. I looked at him suspiciously but sat down anyway. All I had was a thin hoodie but I did the best I could by pulling the sleeves down to cover my hands and thrust them into the pouch. I faced him and he tried to push my fringe out of my eyes. A little bit of Noah's shaggy dark hair was hanging right over his nose. I was about to ask why my brother would ask Noah but thought better of it. I began but immediately shut my mouth. Again, he shut the phone carefully and gave it back to me. I rolled my eyes but gestured to the steps. I sat with my feet on the second step and huddled my arms between my stomach and thighs. I almost laughed. I sat down again on the cold steps and looked out in front of me. He faced me and stared at me with a small smile tugging on his lips. Without looking away, he laced his fingers through mine. Wait, what was I thinking? The first thing I thought of was that his lip ring was cold, but not too cold. YAAAAAAAAAAY! Uhh. You're fidgeting. I hate you. I grinned. I smirked. Hehehehehe. No need to sound suspicious. Nothing, nothing. Nothing of importance. A very pretty, tall redheaded woman walked up in her clacking heals. Hang on a sec. I say, sullenly. God why is he doing this? It's the third time this week he has joined me for lunch and he only started working in my department on Monday. He still doesn't take the hint when I turn my chair so he gets my cold shoulder, and I'm supposed to be the socially inept one! My eyes aren't even a nice green either; they're a dirty, murky, dull green. I glance sideways at him; he's sitting eating quietly. Wait. This is completely true. Mason points out, annoyingly and I feel my hackles rising. I ask, so quietly, feeling myself blush into my book. he says, laughing, taking my query as an answer. Mason asks sarcastically and I glare at him derisively, he knows fucking damn well I know how to use it. He says. He stands then, having finished his lunch. What the fuck? he even looks genuinely sad. I go back to reading my book because I want to finish the chapter he interrupted. away. Warning: This story contains cursing, abuse, and a few sex scenes. In. At the sound of his voice, she abruptly sat up. Allie rolled her eyes. She sighed. She nodded, folding her arms closely across her chest. The smell outside was moist, and clean; it was the smell of fall. As he reached his front door, he braced himself for the wrath that was surely waiting for him. But as he let the door close behind him, he saw that no one was there to greet him. Ryan jogged up the stairs, taking them two at a time, and rounded the corner to see her brushing her hair. Rolling her eyes, Allie crossed in front of the table, making her way to the refrigerator. She stopped dead in her tracks. But maybe. Allie barely even flinched. Without football, he knew that he would be a nobody. The girls re-guarded him very highly, too highly for his liking, actually. he said, and they walked side-by-side to first period. She seemed to prefer it that way. Ryan glanced over his shoulder at her. They had been neighbors since he was about five or six. Ryan asked her in a whisper, breaking the silence of their study hall. Sitting in her multi media class, her one period of the day without Ryan, Allie stared at the computer screen blankly. That, Allie had no problem with. Without Ryan she would have no one to talk to. She stopped, holding back the tears that were threatening to leak from her eyes. With one tap, she rushed over to her window. Ryan was two steps behind her. he insisted, pulling at her waist with his arm. Ryan held a finger to his lips, and listened at the door. She met him for lunch at their usual table. Dramatically rolling her eyes once again, Allie chose not to argue with him on the subject. Thinking quietly for a moment, neither of them said anything. Ryan never seemed to like these. she muttered, knowing better than to take his compliment seriously. She walked in through the glass front door, breathing in the familiar scent of pie and coffee. Ryan's mother appeared around the corner, greeting her with a smile. Damn. Matt called out to him. Matt sighed, rolling his eyes. His walk to the cafe was a short one, only about two and a half blocks. She stood up to get it, and he followed her, taking a new seat on one of the stools at the counter. She reached down in to the mini fridge underneath the counter and brought up a can of whipped cream. Allie thought for a second, pursing her lips. Ryan knew better than to say something like,  or . Allie forced a smile and nodded. Allie nodded. He made his way to the kitchen, trying desperately to ignore the sick feeling in his stomach. He shook his head. He grabbed the clothes in one swift motion. Ryan swallowed. Standing in shock, Ryan paused a moment before coming to his senses and sprinting to the side of the house. A few seconds later, he saw her small figure appear at the window. Ignoring her protests, Ryan crossed the room in four large strides. She sighed. As she turned to look at him, Ryan held his expression, preparing for the very worst. Allie's eye was already beginning to bruise. He struggled to speak. His words were too harsh, and she flinched as he spoke. Ryan wet a towel with cold water and gently began wiping the dried bits of blood from Allie's lower lip, which had been split open. He rummaged through the freezer, fingers hunting for a pack. Ryan paused at the door. Closing the door gently behind him, he made his way back to the Kenzington residence. He often had to remind himself that Lydia was his mother. He often felt guilty about that, remembering that her father had rules, even though his mother didn't. He handed her the ice pack and she accepted it, pressing it just above her eye. He said, maybe a little too loudly, gripping her shoulders. She stroked his cheek gently, her cool fingers trailing along his jaw line. Ryan's heart sank as he realized what she was thinking. Allie nodded quickly, as though she never doubted him. After a few minutes, Allie pulled away from him, apologizing for the disgusting wet spots she had left on his shirt. Then he made his way back to her bed, climbing in next to her. he whispered softly, pulling her in. As he winded his arms around her waist, she rested her head gently on his chest. He looked down at the beautiful, free spirited, intelligent girl sleeping on him, and wondered how anyone could be so ungrateful. And, it hadn't always been this way. And even when they entered double digits, he could remember Robert baking Allie a cake for her eleventh birthday. What happened to that man? Ryan had started staying the night sometimes, just because it was convenient. Snapping his mind back to the present, Ryan tightened his arms around Allie. -This is now the REVISED first chapter. IntoxicatingDamn pastels. Okay first neighborhood of the day, come to me all you children. The guy laughed and my eyes narrowed. So my normal bright self was starting to show through, only to my horror…and I do mean horror…the guy only smirked at me, his dark eyes glinting mischievously. I'm so over this. color rose to my cheeks, and the back of my neck grew hot. I hit my head on the steering wheel again. With a soft growl I stood up to face him…let's just say, my salivation went into over drive. With that he reached out a hand to rub it off, but his hands were worse then mine, so I ended up with only more gunk on my face. He pressed me up against the side of the truck, and one of my legs rose instinctively to wrap around his waist. The EndA/N: Yay, second draft! 'Christine! She wrinkled her nose. '- oh well, hurry up and shower. '. 'Matches you perfectly and…oh, yes, the heels. 'Actually I'll show you now. She ignored me, turning around to open my wardrobe. 'Oh, come on. 'Why, there's nothing to be embarrassed about. No, actually, I think our neighbours heard you too. She nodded, vehemently. Three things happened at once: Her mouth twitched. 'You told me we weren't going this year,' I said quietly. She laughed. 'This is about Christian Logan isn't it? 'I'm not going. 'Nuh uh, you're going. 'No arguing, darling. She clapped her hands together. First up: me. Second: Christmas. And last and very least, Christian Logan. And then puberty hit (seriously, why can't the world just be ruled by kids? He became popular. Still, I thought, we're family friends, it can't hurt to chat to me every now and then. But, what I hated most was how after making me feel like I didn't even exist, he still expected everything to go back to normal (seriously, what was normal? Oh, he got the message in the end what with my silent treatment and avoidance of him by constantly engaging in conversation with my father every time I suspected he was going to talk to me. And the fact that our names match…don't even get me started on how much my mum talked about God's plan and predestination yadda yadda because there is NO way that jerk will end up as my boyfriend, husband, soul mate etc. Unfortunately, that does not stop my mum from trying. Mrs Logan, the one woman who came close to matching the endurance of my mother's voice box, greeted us enthusiastically decked out with what looked like a tangle of red tinsel in her blonde locks. I grabbed her quickly. And there, friends, is how my parents abandoned me within 15 seconds of us entering this mansion. I hurried over to the food table on the far end of the room where fewer people were congregated, piling up a plate of food and then began eating in the corner. Ok, scratch the uni thing. 'Christine! 'Christian, look after Christine. Was he checking me out? He seemed to realise what I was thinking and immediately snapped his head away. I smiled politely at Judy Walters, the girl who had spoken. She grinned. Judy saw where I was looking. 'Well, don't worry. 'Woah, dude, what was that? 'Excuse me ladies,' Christian drawled. I turned back to Judy who had suddenly developed a twinkle in her eye, not unlike the ones my mother sported frequently. 'Well, not really know. Lorraine appeared at Judy's side with a small smile. 'Hey, let's play pool. I stood aside and watched as Lorraine pocketed 2 balls in her first go. 'Here. I shook my head. He ignored my feeble protests and led me to the table edge. 'Ok, so you hold it like this. 'Christine! 'What do you think you were doing? She grinned cheekily at me as we stopped at the foot of the grand staircase. 'Mum! She waggled her eyebrows one last time before gesturing upstairs. Aww, so cute! With that I swept past him as he desperately made a grab for my arm. The grin stretching across my face further heightened his annoyance. 'Hey everyone! Eddie let go of me, suddenly bashful. Eddie stayed silent then looked up. I grinned and reached down for his cheek. A few songs later and nearing 10pm, more kids began nodding off, choosing to relocate to the bean bags surrounding the couches. I scowled. He came around the side of the sofa and plonked himself next to me. I tried to scoot over but I was already sitting on the edge. 'Why? I switched my gaze back to the TV, eager to sit out the rest of the evening in silence. I turned to where he was gesturing. I stayed silent. 'Christine. 'What about that time we were 9 playing hide and seek with the other kids and we found the best hiding spot out in the backyard and came back in after they'd given up with mosquito bites everywhere? 'When we were 12, we had a water bomb fight and drove the guests crazy. I sucked in a breath, an indescribable feeling coursing through me. Slowly, I lifted my head. He looked guilty. 'I was in shock. 'But couldn't you have at least…smiled? 'I didn't know what to say to you at school. 'Look. 'And you should. 'Christian. I stepped into the darkened hallway outside before resting with my back against the cool wall. I slapped a hand to my forehead. 'Shh… mistletoe. And before I could protest further, his lips swooped down on mine claiming them in one swift movement. He nipped my lips and I gasped but he only used it to further deepen the kiss. Slowly, I began to respond, moving my mouth tentatively against his frantic one. I gasped as the words sunk in. 'Wait, pictures? 'And then more when you began kissing. 'MUM! I swished around and slapped his arm. I smiled. I know I've still got 'Project Ashley' to write, but I really can't promise anything. Also, I know there are many issues concerning plagiarism on Fiction Press running around. into the house. they're good…it's really cute…a few days. Word from Fido: Welcome to Because I Said So! She was jumping… again, her chair making an annoying squeak in time with her rise and fall. He was glaring at me… again. Her hair was blond and set in a high ponytail. I considered turning around to ask him outright, but that would have been stupid. You see, I had the misfortune of living in the house across hers. I didn't know why he did that to me. The reason being that Martin Jones hated me. I remember the first day we met. When I thought about it, if our houses hadn't been a few feet apart, Martin Jones and I probably could have become friends. At the time, I had thought that she didn't have another one and that she had to wear that thing to keep her ears warm. And then the door opened to reveal a boy. Apparently, Madeleine wasn't of the same mind, because she crashed her tray on my head. Anyhow, you get the idea. You definitely couldn't judge her by her cover. Another thing that created animosity between us would be my fashion sense. Or she had some freak personality disorder; I wasn't sure. So the rest of the school population came up with their own conclusion. It was kind of sad, really. At first, I hated his gut (still do). He said right, but I knew he was left-handed, and when I pointed this out to him, he got angry. I'm not exaggerating. You should have seen him, making fun of blondes! The next day, she came to school, her normally black hair dyed blond. Next day, I dyed my hair blond; to prove to him that it was stupid to think that all blondes were total bimbos. I was even helping him in English! I declared musicals (you know, like Sound of Music) were horrible and she proceeded to sing all the songs from Grease. He once complained about musicals. Just there, in the middle of the hallway, he would make a remark. People had stopped trying to intervene years ago. The worst part of the whole situation would definitely be the lack of shelters. And I wondered: if he hated me so much, why did he persist on following me everywhere? I had hoped that I would find solace in my sleep. I used to be insomniac. M. Traveault passed next to my desk and I tore my gaze away from the annoying, bouncing head in front of me to hurriedly scramble, trying to look occupied. I smirked when I heard him scrambling around with his calculator. I began to scribble down the steps to solving the problem on a small piece of paper. I was screwed! So you see? God had it against me, it was official. Taking a deep breath, I prepared myself for the mission ahead. I looked up, surprised, into the face of Madeleine. Okay, that stung. Madeleine's blue eyes flared dangerously and her lips tightened to a thin line. So soon? I raised my head slightly, as to not give myself away. Was he going to laugh? She smiled back shyly, not the confident smiles she put on when she strutted down the hallway. Woah! Sasha Farah weaved through the bustling lunch crowd. Nina whined. At school Nina and Sasha never spoke of the conversation they had the day before. Nina snapped. Nina whispered seeing the teacher come in to class. Nina asked Sasha as they left the classroom. was her only reply. Nina exclaimed. Nina managed to arrive to her first period English class just in time. Nina cursed Sasha's luck. The lesson was pretty simple; as she expected it to be. Nina looked at Joseph out of the corner of her eye. Nina cackled to herself. Nina drew breath. Nina held her breath as she waited for him to reply. Joseph nodded. Nina gave herself a mental pat on the back. Nina calmly bit into her apple. I hope you appreciate this. A week later and Nina still hadn't spoken to Joseph, not since the borrowing of a red pen in English class. Nina said. he asked, his eyes never leaving hers. Nina walked over to the tea maker and as soon as she did Paris came bustling back from the storage room. Paris said blushing. Nina simply said, smirking. Nina froze. Sasha had said. Nina was hoping Sasha wasn't going to ask her that. Sasha said. Fifty minutes later the sound of the bell indicated it was time for the next lesson. Nina forgot that she had the next lesson with him. Neil Saunders, one of her long time friends called out. Nina turned to greet her partner, but was met with thin air. Neil greeted her with a high-five. Neil cooed. Neil asked weakly. Joseph trailed off looking at Nina. Nina ignored him. Nina's heart started beating just that extra bit quicker. Nina called out without turning around. Twenty minutes later and Nina was absorbed into the world of young Pip and Miss Havisham. Sasha exclaimed. Nina said. he had asked. Saturday, thankfully, was a sunny day. Nina was dressed in a plain yellow summer dress. Nina scowled at her mother's use of her full name. Sasha teased. Nina said breathlessly. Nina said beaming at the two of them. Nina said to Joseph. Joseph finished. Joseph cut in. Joseph trailed off scratching his head. Nina accused once they had reached Sasha and Neil. Nina said meekly. Two hours later Nina was exhausted. Nina whispered to Sasha. Jamie said. A couple of minutes later, out of the corner of her eye she saw a man dressed in camouflage. Nina shrieked. Jimmy laughed. he asked ruffling his younger sister's hair. Nina's eyes lit up. she said before pulling him into a hug. a hysterical voice of a certain Mrs Shaw was clearly heard. Jamie said showing off his teeth. Jimmy didn't want to miss out on the famous Easter party his mum was throwing. Nina said grinning. Sasha and Neil said. Jimmy asked Joseph. Nina finished off for him. Jimmy said muttering profanities. Nina turned back to her friends. Sasha slowly said. Nina said to Sasha as they both backed up to let the people in. Neil sighed dramatically. Squeals of children and parents alike were heard everywhere. During that time, Nina had lost sight of Sasha and Joseph. He had a dimple, she thought. When Jimmy Shaw looked out of the window while on the phone to his girlfriend who decided she was well enough to visit him – she somehow managed to tell him through all her coughing – he saw his sister and his friend's younger brother laughing and teasing each other. Two weeks later. Nina decided to step back a little. During the time she left the two together, Nina realised that she hadn't spent anytime with her best friend alone. Sasha said jumping up and down. Nina's jaw became slack. Nina said slowly. Sasha looked at her friend. Sasha nodded. Sasha asked frowning, but a smile was on her face. Sasha joked. Nina sat down at an empty table after ordering her 'Oreo Smoothie'. She didn't have to wait long. His eyes roamed the store; if Nina hadn't known that Sasha had texted him, she would've thought he was looking for someone. He smiled at her, but this time it was a little…different. he said. he said. The two walked to the park. Nina saw his defeated face and blushed. she trailed off nervously. Great thinking Nina, water, who doesn't like it? he asked in slight disbelief. she fingered him to come closer. he said his voice rising. he said turning around. Joseph watched as Nina rambled to herself, looking up at the heavens and glaring at him. Joseph grabbed Nina's arm and pulled him to her. he said softly. she said. Nina asked grinning. Anyway, on a lighter note, I really hope you enjoyed this. If someone were to see this man, this boy, they would not have thought any thing other then that he was enjoying the sun. Now, if someone were to look closer, they would notice the broken windows on the gas station, the dust that coated the inside. The gas station was decaying, and around it laid a ghost town of skeletons and other dilapidated structures. The boy, well his name was Charlie. He could see now that coming here was pointless. This is what he was used to though. In his travels, he had only seen four people. He sighed, and dropped his cigarette on the ground. It didn't register when he saw shapes. Charlie decided it was high time to slip inside the gas station, and hide in the shadows. The voice was mean and dangerous. His hair was dark, and short. The boy had a beautiful face, which was marred by a black eye. His good eye was staring up at Charlie with surprise. Charlie whispered, as if they had all the time in the world. Outside was his worse nightmare. said the man in the middle. He chuckled, watching Charlie tremble with fear. Charlie felt the pit of his stomach turn to ice as he saw the other three men exchange knowing leers. He smashed into the bar, knocking the degrading door off it's hinges. Wilcox said, smiling. This seemed to be the last straw for the drunk Wilcox. It seemed as if his knee was acting on it's own when he slammed it into Wilcox's groin. Charlie breathed in and out, his vision blurring. Wilcox was standing just behind him. Anyway, you might have guessed that I was inspired by Stephan King's The Stand. I made my way to the back of the classroom piled with a bunch of goons, who looked to be enjoying a nice game of spit hockey. The classroom seats are arranged in straight rows so we wouldn't exchange conversation, but the people in the back didn't seem to mind that rule, they just didn't want to follow it. It would be easier for you to understand if I told you where I was. Then Mrs. Rupert—who is the lazy janitor that doesn't notice a thing—had to drag me away since I couldn't stop laughing. I pulled away as I looked up at the strange figure; it was a small pale guy with a nose as flat as iron. He smiled at me, not forgetting to show off his butter stained teeth. I held back a cringe and slapped his hand away. he asked in a voice he might have thought seductive. See why I hate sitting in the back during detention? The guy scooted closer on his chair bringing his body with him. My eyes widened. His long, thick chocolate brown hair fluffed passed at his ears in thick waves, lazily pushed aside from his light gray eyes flaked in gold between eyeliner. His gray eyes glared down at me in annoyance, he obviously didn't like someone telling him what to do. My head tilted out of irritation. I guess that met end of discussion because he turned back to his very thick book, that I've struggled so hard just to squint to interrupt the name, giving up when all I saw was squiggles. I scowled at him before turning back to my homework. I called to him. See what I mean, and what the heck is a prep? She fluffed her deep, dyed blood red, curly filled hair and snapped her tongue at me, scrunching up her deep red tank top that wasn't so far from being smaller than my pinkie. What was that suppose to mean, was he comparing me to his dad because I hate when people compare me to guys. I opened my mouth to say something else, but Mr. Rosa—the protector of are small little tiny lives—returned and was not happy to catch me chatting off with this smartass. Well isn't this just flippin fantastic, I'm supposed to be spending the day at Jackie's house. Jackie's stepmom has been hiding out on her son for the past nine years, it wasn't until her ex had been taking into jail for drugs was she force to admit to everyone that she had a son. Seriously, what has this kid been doing on his spare time, catching birds on fire? I'm not much of an ease dropper, but who could help it when the two are screaming between the other? Someone answer the damn door before my butt freezes off from the cold. said Cid. He didn't move. Cid asked. His face dropped to a level of distress, I wonder how he even summoned the courage to say,  He parted from the doorway and I entered. Unlike my house, theirs was clean most of the time, and it's filled with glass objects, so you have be careful at the direction you're headed in. Either way, the only reason why my house stays clean is because of our housekeeper Ruth, a. My brothers are pretty much bums, that alone probably explains their erratic behavior. I think the reason that our family is so deranged is on account of my dad leaving the family when I was ten and my brothers seven and twelve. As I made my way up the stairs and down the hall I noticed the room that use to be the computer room. I muttered as I entered the room that smelled like grape fruit. Jackie said. Jackie's mouth remained slanted open. Jackie sighed causing her pointy nose to screech up. We all glanced to the window at the uproar of a motorcycle beaming up Jackie's driveway. We both skipped down the stairs and out the door. The mystery guy finally turned off his bike and took off his helmet. I was sitting directly by the chocolate brown-head and he hasn't said one word since we walked into Jackie's house. I sat there, straight up, daring myself not to look in his direction. I asked heatedly and left the living room. Jackie rolled her eyes and gave out a flat,  I decided to trust her since she at least knew more about popularity then I did. I glared at her and turned around to walk over to my beat up Toyota parked at the end of the curb. It hadn't even been five seconds from when I stepped past the threshold and into the house after getting home from school. Before she had appeared in my future stepfather's driveway with rollers in her hair to pick me up after I had spent a day with his daughter Ruth three years ago, I had never seen her as happy as she was right now. Ruth was everything anyone wanted to be- the pretty platinum blonde who was too nice and friendly for anyone to hate or be angry at. Halfway up the stairs, Mum appeared at the foot and said,  She smiled again and I returned it, resuming my way to the attic. Whenever I tried asking about my father, Mum would always avoid the questions abruptly. I pulled open the attic's door and frowned. Quickly, I started to stack up the boxes, picking up everything that had fallen. This roused my curiosity. There had to be a mistake, but something inside urged me on. You might find it strange that of so many people, we decided to put our child under an unmarried woman's care. Personally, I find you as a brave person. I ask that Amy keeps her last name as O' Brien. I didn't realize that I was crying until one of my tears fell on the paper. All the questions I had began solving themselves. . Roxanne kept her smile on, only cursing in her mind. Alice nodded, not completely convinced with the answers she was given. The unmistakable tune of Spiderman's theme song started blaring and echoing throughout the small room. Roxanne turned her phone off then turned around to face Alice. She restrained herself from punching the crosswalk button, it would only release more negative energy. The boy started frantically wiping the stain on her jacket over her chest. she screamed some more. Without thinking twice, Roxanne took his drink and dumped it over his head. Roxanne crossed her legs in frustration. she protested. Roxanne nodded, about a billion times, at least. Trina pointed out. The air was thick and Roxanne could barely breathe. She still couldn't figure out if her had friends drugged her and convinced her to say  to going to the concert that ruined her possible summer job. The one thing that annoyed Roxanne greatly was that all of the people that were pushing and shoving were exactly like her friends. Roxanne did all she could from gagging. The whole idea of sitting in the back and sleeping was tempting but she didn't want her friends fighting over some stupid misplaced ticket. Roxanne made her way to the front. Just my luck, Roxanne thought. A burst of drums erupted from the stage and the whole crowd started to scream. Roxanne drummed her fingers against the armrest that Michelle wasn't using. Roxanne wanted to go on another swearing parade in her head. Nate talked in the microphone. Roxanne couldn't see. she interrupted him. he said, slightly shaken. he concluded. Roxanne was still frozen on the stage. Finally, a women with pin straight blonde hair appeared. Roxanne whispered just as harshly as the women; she closed her phone unwillingly. She continued to follow the women to a large room with busy people doing random jobs. Roxanne gave her a weak nod. Parker asked as he entered the lounge room. Nate took back his glass of orange juice with such force most of the contents spilled all over the floor. Teddy's whole face lit up as if an imaginary light bulb floated on top of his head. The boys suddenly lost interest in whatever they were previously doing and focused all their attention on Teddy. Whoever says dying doesn't hurt is either lying through their teeth or has never been hit by a car before. My mom took my death especially hard since we had a fight right before I ran out and got hit by a Rolls Royce. Nope, my mom had nothing to do with my death although she did blame herself constantly afterwards. I guess the driver was pretty drunk; he had to be to hit me. I'd like to be all cliché and say I saw my life flash before my eyes (the polka dotted dress I wore in kindergarten, the horrible navy sweater and matching pants my mom forced me to wear in 3rd grade, how I got made fun of for wearing  penny loafers when I was ten…. It's kinda cool to watch your own death, but it's also pretty depressing. Anyway, I guess I would've lain there like some nasty as heck roadkill all day, but some lady came across my dead body and ran over me again. Call me morbid if you want, but I started laughing a little when I watched that lady scream over my dead body. The worst part of it was when they told my parents. My mom actually knew me; she wasn't some stranger who happened upon me by chance. My dad's reaction was different. Mom bit her lip to try to hold back a sob, then nodded, collapsing into my dad's arms. They called James first, and in true older brother style, he swore a lot. We weren't close at all, she was twenty years older (my parents are old folks by anyone's standards) and three husbands more experienced than me. My best friend Kylie's response was much more satisfying. I went from average teenager to tragic young woman in less than a day. It was a good segment. After my T.V. appearance the calls came flooding in. It would have been even cooler if I was watching this all in live time, but I only got to see the events of my death after the fact. A/N: Disclaimer: Any resemblance to real people and places (except for states and cities) are coincidental. I want to scream and tear my hair right out of my head, but I stop myself just in time. Oh yeah. We get into the car and drive off. They walk out slowly from the front. He spots me and then lets his eyes sweep away to the wall as quickly as he spotted me. I pretend to follow her directions and turn in the opposite direction as soon as she's out of my sight. Half in a mind to leave the hotel altogether, I mope around the room, arguing with myself, until I collide with the piano. I almost freeze when I hear that voice, but carry on playing, not caring that half the notes I'm playing are wrong. I run out of the room, not even looking once at him. I will show him just how venomous unrequited love can sometimes get. he asks, both hands on the table. I smile, feeling evil. "This… this thing wouldn't really work, would it? I leave the old apartment quickly; glad to be rid of its manipulative effects. He was the mysterious rockstar wannabe with the sexy grey eyes and a semi-girlfriend. After all, was he to blame for his dark, sexy grey eyes? He was also quite smart, street and academic-wise. I kid you not. 'Cause me, I was ordinary. I wasn't even one of those genius nerds whose IQs blew the roof. Even my physical appearance suited my personality. So anyway, the point is that Peter and I – there was no way. ---- . A grin came to my face. ---- . I replied easily to his slightly surprised question. Mentally, I smacked myself upside the head. Ana was his perky, pretty, petite sort-of girlfriend (they claim they are not ) who was friends with everyone. He seemed as surprised as I was. ---- . I glimpsed him in the library, in the hallways, even in the offices. Of course, we didn't always talk, but we acknowledged each other's presence when we were aware of it. ---- . My worn-out brain refused to register the suddenly possessive stance of Ana. ---- . ---- . ---- . Of course, that wasn't how I felt at first when we all met up for lunch at a nearby restaurant. Neither did he talk to me, except for small talk (like how was my food, even though we ordered the same thing; it was delicious, by the way), or when it was amongst the group. I had mentioned in passing Peter and my meeting at the library. As we were walking towards the Cineplex, Peter kept hanging back a bit from the group, so I decided not to intrude. I kept myself from celebrating with the thought that he must be utterly miserable right now. I pointed to his hair, trying not to show my surprise at his casual mention of breaking up, and the fact that I wasn't aware of this break-up. He slid a glance at me. ---- . Romantic comedy? ---- . The previous night, they had met at a random frat party on campus. She smiled under her eyelashes and whispered a string of naughty words in his ear. 'Well I beg to differ,' he thought, raising an eyebrow. Chase laughed incredulously. Lauralee scoffed. Addie hurriedly said,  Lauralee glanced down at her low V-neck halter top which left little to the imagination. His father's secretary was leading him on a tour around his law firm. Chase was hardly impressed as he walked through the company which his father had spent his whole life creating and developing. He sat stiffly in front of the Principal, who's beady eyes were filled with annoyance. Mrs. Kingsley gave a nervous smile and her hands were shaky as she took a seat. Chase gave a cursory glance at his surroundings. Post-its. The girl widened her eyes and scrambled to her feet. Chase peered at her face, which stirred up some recognition within his mind. He took in her chocolate brown hair, a few strands slipping out of her chignon. Chase asked, feigning hurt. Lauralee was stunned by the effect the older Mr. Kingsley had on the younger Mr. Kingsley. Oh, God. Rich people had plenty of money at hand which they could use to dispose their problems. When lunch break rolled by, Lauralee was desperate to escape from the office before Chase could corner her. Chase leaned against the wall, running a hand through his disheveled hair. He scratched his chin. he continued easily. Lauralee's curiosity was piqued. Lauralee cursed. Lauralee pressed a finger to his lips, produced a post-it pad and a pen from her pocket and quickly scribbled something on it. Why not? Chase said huskily. Lauralee was pacing back and forth in the living room, agitated. Addie cheered, clapping her hands gleefully. Chase was dapper in a white suit, his hair was gelled for the occasion and his startling blue eyes hugged all the curves accentuated by the dress she wore. Lauralee poked out her tongue at her best friend and Chase tugged her towards the elevator. Chase felt a lump in his throat as he walked through the wrought-iron gates, his palms clammy with sweat. She nodded tersely, and they went in. She almost stumbled when she finally entered the dining room. This was the first time she'd seen Mr. Kingsley outside of the office, but his expression was still the same. Beside him sat his wife, Mrs. Kingsley. She caught Chase's eye and he nodded, so she dug in. Realizing that Mr. Kingsley had turned his attention to her, Lauralee almost choked on her salad and hastily reached for a glass of water, gulping it down greedily. she managed to choke out. Mrs. Kingsley lowered her spoon and stared at her lap, shaking slightly. She stalked off without looking back, fighting back the hot pressure building behind her eyes. She angrily swiped the tears from her eyes and stepped out into cool autumn air. Chase caught her arm but she shrugged him off, her face still burning from humiliation. There was peace for the next three days, but one night, there was a knock on the door. His breath was laced with alcohol and cigarettes. Lauralee snapped, making a move to get up. Chase lashed out with his fist and caught him at the lip. Chase was fighting a loosing battle as he was knocked into the floor, eyes swollen and blood streaming out of his nose. she screeched. Challenge: One-shot from a male perspective, set in a lawyer's office, somehow involving a priest, triplets, a red balloon, a character with a nervous habit (chewing nails, biting lip, etc), peas, a college (uni for me! Did I call her? He was only joking. I gave my computer mouse a little shake to bring the screen back to life, realising with a little stab of guilt that I'd been debating internally about whether to call the girl of my dreams for so long that the monitor had gone to sleep. Almost unconsciously my fingers took up their drumbeat on the desktop once more. His weathered old face folded into a smile and I beamed back, impressed with his wrinkled hands and white hair. I said merrily. He replied faintly and I shot him an odd look. As he opened his mouth to protest, I slipped past him and was glad to see that my entourage of one only issued a short apology to my boss before following me. I wrote this in an hour flat, and, yeah, I think it pretty much shows. Nora lazily rolled on her back. All was silent at the moment. As the car got closer she saw that one of rear windows was open, and she tried to a sneak a peek of the person inside. A figure stepped out, and Nora could tell that it was a male. At her movements the man began to walk towards her. The man reached where she stood. Whoever he was, Nora couldn't deny that he was handsome- beyond that even. Nora stuttered while peering up at him. 'Quinton' said with finality. Quinton's eyes narrowed dangerously. With that, Mr. Reeves turned sharply and headed back to his car. ***********************************That was a tiny little tid bit. It all started with the note in fifth grade. After I was done reading it, I immediately looked at Josh, who was staring at me with a nervous smile. But that wasn't the only note. Junior high flew by quickly and by the time we were in high school, Josh wasn't the little boy he used to be. Once, an ex-girlfriend of his accused me of stealing him and said that we had a secret relationship. When I got the next note, I knew immediately that it was different than all the others, mostly because it didn't have my name surrounded by hearts. What pissed me off the most was that he never told me. Two years later, and I still hadn't heard from him, but I didn't forget about him either. I sighed again, wishing I would stop growing up so fast and spun my combination. I didn't know what to say. We arrived at his car and he opened my door for me. Out of the corner of my eye I saw him cringe. He chuckled and leaned over, pressing his lips to mine. This is like my 5th edit of this story and I think I've finally got it the way I like. Alethi listened behind the door as her father tried to stifle his sobs. With a sigh, Alethi swung open the doors to her step mother's chamber. Beside the poor, wretch was her father, holding her hand as if she were precious porcelain. Alethi immediately closed the distance to save her father the effort. Her glance went to the woman in the bed for a while. Alethi supposed the whole illness was a sham from the moment she was proclaimed sick. Alethi closed her eyes trying to shut out her emotions and think about how wise her father's decision. Alethi stayed for a few more moments with her father until she could no longer stand the eyes of Niraya on her. The veteran quickened his pace and strode beside her. I've been waiting for youHe just sits there, playing his harmonica, eyes closed and a smile at his lips. There's just no way, and so you see why I have to go. The harmonica drops into his lap as he sings the song that he was just playing,  He always sings this song, it's his very favourite. The kind of love that isn't meant to come between best friends and the kind of love that's even worse because it's unrequited. I hiss and he drops the harmonica, flinching and turning his head to me. he wants to know, slipping an arm around my shoulders. He says with a shrug, not looking at me. I tell him, feeling bad for telling him that I won't have the time for him. I say, impatient. He turns his head back to me, face expressionless, but still that happy go lucky aura about him, like it'll all be okay just because he thinks it will. I inquire dubiously. I demand, biting my lip. A lump rises in my throat and I swallow a sob. I have to tell him. I say simply, but the words hurt, and it's going to hurt even more hearing him agreeing with them. I say, standing up and putting my hands on my hips. I suck in my breath again. My ass he'll still be sitting there in three years. my boyfriend wants to know, slamming his fists into the table and seeming very angry with me. His name's Hayden and we hit it off during our first class together, and finally, a month ago, he asked me out. But now he's getting frustrated with me, and to tell you the truth, I really don't blame him for it. I look to him, and swallow, closing my eyes. I say and he looks at me, his lips apart and his eyes disbelieving. He sighs and nods,  he narrows his eyes and goes back to eating his soup. I blink. When I get older, losing my hair, many years from now. Oh God. Oh God. I wipe up my tears and flush the toilet paper down the toilet, and step out. I say and put the money in the middle of the table for my nasty salad, and leave with a wave over my shoulder and a sorry smile. But I think I'll just keep running away. I hold my microphone, and look around. I love my work. I hear a whisper of the harmonica float into my ears, and my heart starts to race. Oh God. he says with a smile, and I know he's not lying. one of them says irritably and then another nudges them and whispers something to them. I say, recalling the events with horror. My head swings in his direction and I can't believe it, he's looking at me, all earnest. I'm kissing Hunter. I say into his cheek, my eyes rolling back into my head the tingles were getting that bad. And um. I need someone to need me and feed me when I'm sixty-four! If you still want to read any of my stories, please go to and message me. A/N: This is my first original fiction that I am posting. 7/4/12: I had planned on going back and editing all of the chapters to clean them up of mistakes. The burglar's hands grabbed her waist in such a manner that Audrey knew he didn't care for her safety. The barrel of a gun slammed against her temple, and she kept her eyes on her idiot boss, Mr. Constantine. the man shouted. She didn't have any particular words for her underpaying, pain in the ass boss. The only upside to this whole situation was at least she was wearing a matching black lace bra and panty set. He jumped, startled, and nearly dropped his Spiderman lunchbox. Even he wrinkled his nose at that one. He looked at her blankly before his eyes drifted to the revolting pink puff ball in her hand. She glared at the radio. She grinned at him. She grinned mischievously. She frowned in confusion, but she got up and went to the door. He actually expected her to move. This was inspired by a radio commercial I heard the other day that was talking about how every girl wants to be proposed to on Valentine's Day (so come down to Shane Company and get your engagement ring today! Hola my lovely duckies. I am probably the only werewolf in existence that is not only not trying to find his mate, but actively avoiding her. No, mates were more trouble than they were worth. The Alpha would pummel me and order me to go find my mate if he knew how I had been avoiding her. As soon as I realized this I turned and walked the other way. I should have known better to let my guard down, fate had decided on a mate for me, and apparently if I wasn't going to pursue my mate of my own free will, fate was more than happy to take the choice out of my hands. I couldn't imagine a guy ever wanting to be with a 23 year old virgin who couldn't even look at the cover of a romance novel without turning into a tomato. I hadn't known any of this six months ago when I got the news that my brother and his wife had died, and I had moved to Amphora. A week later, Callie asked for some time off because her sister had fallen down a flight of stairs and was in the hospital. When I closed up the bakery the sky was already turning orange and it was getting colder. I started walking faster, suddenly regretting not having driven my car this morning. I clutched my jacket tighter around me and had to stop myself from breaking into a run when I spotted a crowded coffee house at the end of the street. I needed to do something drastic to get him to leave me alone. My frenzied search of the coffee shop finally stopped when I spotted three guys lounging in the corner, the only people in the whole building that Marcus might be a bit apprehensive of and headed for them, something vaguely resembling a plan forming in my head. Everything seemed great. Now it was shocking for Bobby to find out that she was going to live in an apartment with a guy but what's more she can't take was that her flatmate (because that's what the British calls it) was a walking adjective: Gorgeous. She left home to become an artist, yes that was true, but there was something more to it. Did he say 'worried'? I've always heard of people falling in love. So, I'm not exactly anti-love. Yeah, it sounds pathetic but I'd like to think it was because I intimidated guys. One time I went to a Metaphysical Fair with my friend. I blinked, almost sure that my friend was probably behind me telling her that. I squinted at the line, amazed at how much it revealed. I left, feeling like I should protect my hand and never let anything happen to it, because, you know, I might need it to remember what my future is going to be. Again, the same thing happened. Now, I know this is ridiculous but I started to actually believe these ladies. I will call him. This sucks! Come on, Annabel! I'm Annabel James, invisible girl extraordinaire (no point in denying the truth). Me? I counted to 10, took in a deep breath, picked up the phone and dialed the number. 'Hello? 'Oh…you know. He laughed. I rolled my eyes. 'Inflated ego alert! 'You called me because you like me. 'Again with the lack of brains. 'School's closed today? I froze. My phone suddenly rang. 'This is it! 'Hah! 'Sure it is. I laughed. 'No I won't. 'Forget it. 'So, what? 'Uh huh. 'Well, I got to get to class now. 'If only,' I heard him mutter before hanging up. 'What? 'Well, we were just hanging out, when he suddenly went into this coughing fit and he just collapsed. 'I'll be right there. 'Sebastian? 'Sorry. 'I know who you are. 'What about your other girlfriends? 'Sebastian,' I murmured, pulling away from him. 'I don't think we'll make it,' he continued. I look down at the tube of lip gloss in my hand, turning it over and over in wonder and afraid to test it because it'll ruin all my fantasies if it doesn't work. My mouth drops, and wide. As I look down at my pocket the pitter patter of footsteps nears and I spot two hot pink pairs of converse coming my way. They are the cutest couple I have ever seen, but they are so tragically not a couple. And so, obviously; I have to do something about it. When they come to a stop in front of me Harry is still pulling at her hair like a five year old. I mean I tell her she should just confess when I'd rather die than confess my own feelings to a boy before he confesses first. Lindsey kicks me right in the shins and glares at me. I look around the hall, eyeing everyone with excitement. I'm like a girl cupid; spreading love and hope throughout the high school, giving people what they long for but aren't brave enough to get themselves. Clasping my hands together, two young, blushing teenagers catch my eyes; it's beautiful, watching them like this. Dismissed from being in my presence, more like it; he's hiding something from me. But…who could it be? Or – or what about Rebecca 'Beck' Waters? Although I've never quite seen any signs of Marty being superficial or anything like that. Huh. The bell goes right on time and smiling bitter sweetly I pull myself from my chair before I'm shoved right back in my seat, facing a pair of angry brown eyes. It's not like I meant for that to happen. Beside's that's all going to change; I will be a little more careful, just like Marty told me to. She answers promptly and not a little coldly. Oh. But she's the blonde one, not me. Sighing, I rake a hand through my hair and make a frustrated noise; you and Marty? I hear a crash and look up just in time to see a book shelf come crashing down with Peter Farley on top of it and Marty standing above him, hands poised. I blink again, bewildered; I don't think I've ever seen Marty look this livid in his life – in fact, I don't think I've seen Marty livid period. Which he promptly storms up and over the book shelf to do. But I'm ignored. I put a hand over my mouth – I didn't mean to say that last part! Oh my God. No. My mouth drops at his persistence, and the fact that in the face of my annoyance he is grinning like mad. One shot finished, ahem; added on a little bit more than I thought I would but I did indeed get it done. I also think I'm sleep deprived again. ZZZzzzzz. for tonight right"? mean. cars. speak more language. Not that I really could anyway. because I think it's been about. Salvador. player. I gave Mr. Hunt a mock bow and headed to I sat in my usual seat in the back left corner. She is a straight A student, a tall, lean, 5"5 body to die for, Long, silky black hair that contrasted with her honey-brown eyes amazingly. I mainly get B and C grades, chocolate brown hair that always seems to be flat and lifeless. I went to trusty google and started to research mythical creatures through the ages. She was in her early years of life, she was always smiling and happy and she is always helpful to the extreme – sometimes she can be a little scary with all the helpfulness and the niceness though. I stood up and grabbed my bag off the floor, where it was resting near my feet. Thankfully, apart from a small stumble, the rest of the day went without incident. I showered the piece of paper in muffin crumbs as I munched the muffin noisily and messily. I leaned over and grabbed my cell phone. As my car roared to life I sped off in the direction of the hospital. you. No way in hell am I doing this. That was Krissy, the bitch. Dean, the traitor. I said that a bit too loud, I suppose. I stop, that son-of-a. The slut gives me a triumphant look, not that I think she'd know what that meant. She smiles and begins to walk into the house. I look around inside the house, it's just like I thought it would be. I tug on my shirt, feeling overdressed. And now I've been abandoned. So, now I'm alone, wandering around someone I've never met's house, trying to avoid stepping in vomit. Oh God, maybe this wasn't a total failure. I think I swoon. I'm hiding in the bathroom now, curled up against the wall, hiding. It's cold and I hate the feel of tile against my back. I sit for a while, before someone finally needs to use the toilet and kicks me out. Hey everybody. Life was perfect. The company I work for is taking over a nearby competitor and my boss is now asking me if I will manage the new branch. My boss, Patrik Johnson, smiles up at me from behind his desk, watching my half flabbergasted, half overly joyous face with a look of pure amusement. Despite his long spiel of supposedly meaningful preaching, the only word that reaches me is 'promotion. Just wait till I tell Jason, he's going to be so jealous. I wasn't about to let him go though, being lonely and desperate for company. A week later we ran into each other again at a small café. We've been dating for five months now and I've loved every second of it. We're now heading back to his house, me driving his truck because he is too inebriated to dive. I laugh as he makes faces at the people sitting next to us at a red light. It is then that I realize that I've never actually been in Jason's apartment. We stumble into his apartment, laughing and giggling. Jason finally pins me up against the wall of a short hallway that looks like it leads to the back bedrooms and a bathroom. Suddenly, out of the corner of my eye, I catch movement down the hall. When I look back down the hall, the unknown person is still there. At that point though, I think 'what the hell' and continue making out with my sexy boyfriend. It isn't until Jason hikes one of my legs up onto his hip and grinds hard against me, making us both moan loudly, that Mr. Creepy Roommate decides to make himself known. The guy seems to be a little older than my twenty four years and about Jason's age, which is twenty seven. The black haired man states quietly, and then pauses. However, the overall atmosphere of the room is beginning to get to me. I open my mouth to object again but find that my voice is gone. This is… no. How could Jason cheat on me? Maxy suddenly looks over at me, giving me the head to toe. Oh god, I can't handle this. It is then that I figure out why Maxy smelled me. I feel. My chest seizes up uncontrollably, and I have to drown Jason out because it hurts too much. And I feel so bad for Maxy. They even live together in this apartment. It was my dream to live in a little place like this with Jason where we could be happy and live our lives together. How could I not know? Part of me wants to stay and watch. However, Maxy is Jason's boyfriend, as much as it kills me to say it. After our turbulent break up, which consisted of me ignoring his insistent calls for almost a week and then him showing up at my doorstep only to be cussed out and told never to come near me again, I had pretty much shut myself away from the world. I now work at a bank, simply as the computer repairman. I've gained about twenty pounds due to an inactive lifestyle since I stopped going to the gym. I know Amanda pretty well, we've been together since childhood. Who the hell cares what I look like? Maxy, or rather Max, gives me a curt nod of acknowledgment before pulling his hand away hastily. I ask, trying to make this 'date' more manageable. The stuff I'm saying is a complete lie, but Max doesn't need to know that. At first I am speechless, shocked that he saw through my façade so quickly. We soon found ourselves engrossed in conversation with each other. I slowly chew the meat in my mouth, not really tasting it as I mull over this new information. About two hours later, Max and I exited the restaurant. I didn't say it out loud, but I wanted to see Max again. Not to mention, he was absolutely gorgeous in his own quirky and mysterious way. Is it indecent to ask for his phone number or address? I know that, in the end, both Max and I are just using each other. I answer finally. Slowly, ever so cautiously, he leans forward, bringing our faces closer and closer. Our lips meet again, this time much more forceful. There is no sensual compassion or caring in our making out. Max shoves me against the back of his couch so the top of it is digging painfully into my lower back as we move into the living area. Finally, when we were both done, I collapsed on top Max and wrapped his thin, sweaty body in my arms. It was meant to be kind of an unspoken 'you're welcome' gesture, but I think Max had already fallen asleep. His ever present frown is now gone and his peaceful face is innocent, almost childish. I eventually get bored, laying there with nothing to do, plusI have to go take a piss, so I shake Max awake. I easily find the bathroom. I eventually end my shower and head back out into the living, with the towel around my waist, to find Max making breakfast in just his boxers and my baggy red tee-shirt. Max's eyes widen slightly. It's of a man sleeping, snuggled deep within a multitude of blankets. He doesn't know I'm here. I just hope there are many more years to come. It was time. The utter lack of emotion in him, even in response to that loathed voice, shocked him. Laughed at the utter senselessness of it. And then suddenly, the fury was back. A/N: This is one scene that I imagined from something bigger that I'm currently (slowly) working on. I interrupting something"? a/n: I've done some editing. I checked myself in the mirror on the way to the door. I opened the room door without looking through the peep-hole. I said happily. He walked off without another word. I asked. The cool air blew in, smelling of damp earth and things wanting to grow. After about fifteen minutes we pulled up in front of a warehouse in an industrial area. He nodded and got out of the car. My escort turned to see why I wasn't still hot on his heels. What's this? I'm not entirely sure about this. Summary: Jack Harris has been diagnosed with Social Anxiety Disorder since he was fourteen. I open and close my mouth a few times only to find that no sound would escape. Snapping my head up, I glance nervously at the two adults in front of me, carefully surveying their expressions. I didn't have to look up to see her concerned expression. I hurriedly ceased my thoughts and chewed on my bottom lip as I wiped my sweating palms on the thighs of my blue jeans. I glance up and offer him a weak smile before glancing away. The foggy day dragged on gradually. For a certain Miss Victoria Endrington, The Wilkenshire was the most monotonous place to be on at sea. Growing up with the expectations to be married well and raising a family constantly clouded Victoria's mind. Duty to one's family was great and mattered while betrayal was disappointing and shameful. To Victoria, the talk of marriage annoyed her too easily. Trying to shift her thoughts away from her not-so-distant future, Victoria instead concentrated on the sea from her planted spot on deck. Gazing out towards the sea, memories as a little girl ran back in her mind and of her days playing by the shores. Ah, but of course. Her steps carried her over to the stern of the ship as if they had already known the answer. Gasping suddenly, the sounds of her feet were quick as she made her way to where the captain of the ship was. Her thoughts raced wildly on the matter. Stumbling upon the captain, whose name was Hepburn, and his tea, she was out of breath. Victoria caught her breath first before she spoke. he began to instruct carefully, his voice trying to remain calm for her sake. Turning on her heel and heading towards her cabin, she immediately spotted her mother's spy, Miss Summers, who was fanning herself in the middle of the narrow hallway. Victoria cried out as she finished descending the stairs. Teresa asked as she backed up against the farthest wall from the door. The horrid sound of a cannonball erupted, its deafening sound silencing them all and instead forced them to huddle closely next to one another in Victoria's cabin. The fighting could still be heard from above where the cries and screams of pain as men fell grew louder, leaving the ladies to realize they were on their own. Footsteps halted at the front of the cabin door. He was tall, evidently well built under the dark clothes he wore, and displayed a black mask that covered half of his face. At this, the man in black seemed surprised she had spoken at all. The pirate had to admit, he was becoming more intrigued over the fact one of his soon-to-be captives even had the nerve to fight back. Screams and cries of mercy were heard loudly, but unexpectedly— the two men did not even lay a finger on Victoria who stood in the middle of the group. Her eyes soon began to water. Slowly, her eyes met his. He finally spoke again. he finished for her. Did he just wink at me? She swallowed hard. The sounds of his firm steps circling around her made her nervous. Her breaths were short as the two pirates before her grinned widely. the man behind her rang out merrily. By now, Victoria felt extremely light-headed of the unknown future before her. AUTHOR'S INTRODUCTION: This is my first submission in a very long time, and yes, I plan to go somewhere great with this. Her hair fell in soft curls down her back and passed her waist. Though, they did not love her. Though a girl, never shown love, did not know how to give compassion to the boy. Her mother's voice came from down the stairs. You see, Lum, dear child Lum, never spoke a word out of place. Lum's eyebrows furrowed at this. Now, no matter how a child is raised, curiosity is nestled within the human mind. She wandered down the hall until the room broke into the open, tall ceilings spread above her and the banister looked over her family's gathering area. His eyes showed wisdom that the child had never seen before. The fear that gripped her was unimaginable. her father seemed to be the main speaker with the man, now. (Author's Note: Confession time. The doorbell rang as Angela Fishers put the finishing touches on her petal-pink lip-gloss. Just a bit extended into thirty minutes, but in the end all twelve cheerleaders arrived, toting luggage and lavender sleeping bags. But she grinned once again as she handed out pizza bites and chips to her giggling teammates. Two perfect eyebrows lifted. Interesting. In another room, at another house, in, well, another life, Jason Andrews typed furiously into his keyboard. All the cheerleaders widened their perfectly shadowed eyes, and opened their too-pink mouths. A couple of titters caused the edges of Angela's lips to twitch upwards. What? Angela cringed inwardly; she hadn't been called Angie since she was five. Mr. Connors was fat and balding, a petty little dictator of his sad little world. A silky voice behind him stopped his ranting mid-word. Jason was cute, in a nerdy sort of way. He was muttering something. It was wrong; he knew it was wrong, like some sort of screwed up Cinderella. He ruffled a hand through his hair; she liked his nervousness. They lasted one date before popular opinion recovered from its shock, and reared its ugly head. It was two weeks later, and Angela was zoning through English class, staring unblinkingly at the back of Jason's skull. Shame you haven't suffocated, then. There was a nasty smirk playing on the teacher's face, and victory in his eyes. Mr. Connors was turning red. And he left . He caught her copying his answers to the English homework, and his friends assured him she was only using him to boost her grades. Eighteen days later, not that Angela was counting, she saw him creep into the school parking lot after cheerleading practice. Inadvertently, she started forward, only to be distracted by a chorus of laughs at her back. "Yeah, that's him. Her eyes closed to almost slits. They stood there for a moment, both too stubborn to yield, and then he nodded once and turned away. "It meant nothing? Angela floated on a cloud, held up above the world on alcohol and adrenaline. He slurred. The boy's mouth was on her again, hard, and his hands were exploring more than her back. Ignoring the words, the boy swung. Angela swayed, too much, too much. His hand was there in an instant, steadying her. There were too many questions colliding with each other. She looked up at him, then. Her eyes fluttered open, and then immediately shut. Jason . She followed the scent of coffee lingering in the air to the kitchen. She said, breaking his stream of rambling thoughts. Disclaimer: I thought up this story and it's characters. Note: Yay! I could also say that I would like to be the oldest, but this is also untrue. Such is the life of the middle child of three. It does not help matters that I am an awkward sort. Ah yes. She left us to wait. Her grin then transformed. This of course, captured the attention of nearly all in our vicinity. Luckily by now we had reached the long dirt path that lead to our house. I expected a glare, but was instead treated to a look of intrigue. Kat had a point. Very amusing. So we eventually make it back home, bickering for most of the trip. I huff at her. That name. Wise and exalted father, right to the point. Here the not being compatible with fire problem surfaces again. Philip stated, ignoring my question. The Viscount was the grandson of the Marquis, the richest and most powerful noble in the region. I got up from my seat and started for the door, grabbing my staff as I went. If there was one thing I would rather avoid, it's an argument with my father. Needless to say, I sat down. Translation: A woman who sleeps with a man before marriage is a whore, unless the man is noble. This bell was a siren of sorts. Kat leapt up from her unfinished plate and grabbed her riding cloak. So she and our father set off, as the rest of us continued our dinner. He pictured it and began laughing. I spent the evening in the study, reading up on certain combination elemental magic and spells. I put down my books and met Amanda, Mother and Philip, who had obviously been in the workroom. No. She still looked off. She turned to leave. This was no mere coincidence, that I was sure of. Philip had finally regained some of the color in his face. Kat had tears in her eyes. As far as I was concerned, I knew something had to be done. I ultimately decided to hunt through all of the books I had accumulated over the years for some idea of how to stop the impending problem. She seemed quite calm about this whole ordeal. It started off with her contributing less and less to any idea Philip or I suggested. She had stopped pacing, sat down and put her head in her hands. If one thing is to be said about me, it is that I utterly abhor people being upset. She hadn't meant this in a derogatory way, and if she had I would not have paid any mind. Perhaps it was possible. better". sighed. them or not. nice. Did he really have to do that here? People were always watching, it was a given. I muttered childishly and he rolled his perfect blue eyes at me. Kimberly Ann asked me as she walked pat me. I turned to look and noticed that he smiled as he stopped momentarily at our table, pressing his lips carefully against mine. That was such a lie, but I decided not to give that away. River seated himself next to me and wrapped his arm carefully around me, kissing my cheek as I rested my head against his shoulder. he muttered playfully as he pulled back and kissed me harshly on the lips. He breathed and leaned against the lockers. I did not laugh, I did not move. It was true. Penelope said sympathetically and brushed a hand across my forehead, pushing my side swept bangs away from my face before brushing the tears off my cheeks. Penelope told me and she shooed some bystanders that were watching us. Right then, River and Riana passed us, her small build pressed tightly against his broad one. Penelope promised. I hated every bit of school, despised the days that I had to go to school to see Riana and River making out in the corner. I handed her a box of chocolate and she engulfed me in a hug. I opened my locker and was surprised when a red rose fell haphazardly out of it. Later that night, I found myself searching my closet for something to wear. I sat in the back seat and stared absently in front of me, to where Penelope and Jeremy's hands were connected as he drove along the familiar streets to Chester's house. he whispered in my ear, reminding me of all the times that River had whispered like that in my ear. Jake muttered and he glanced towards his side. Jake took this as a cue to kiss me. I muttered and looked at her. I sat down on the steps as Penelope made her way back to the house as I stared at the starry sky. I turned to the familiar voice and inhaled sharply as I realized that it was River. I whipped around. I looked towards Jeremy pleadingly, but he didn't seem to take the note. He led me to the corner of the house and pressed me against it, taking my breath away. He mashed his lips desperately against mine as I melted into a human puddle. River laughed and sent shivers down my spine, his mouth tenderly working on my neck. PrologueJessi Byron jogged breathlessly through the desolate halls of Tampa Preparatory school. The mirror that was on the door, left there from the previous owner, reflected a boy who rarely smiled. A malicious grin spread across Josh's perfectly sculpted face. Josh sneered  His tone was drawling, uninterested, yet by the very fact he had gone out of his way to instigate contact it was obvious that tormenting the other boy was one of his preferred pastimes. Jessi tried to fight the tears in his eyes from Josh's predictable tirade of insults. He opened his locker again and as he grabbed his book his eyes caught the mirror which now had a single, dangerous looking crack running through the length of it. Inside the classroom, Josh was quiet. As the blonde took his seat at the front of the classroom the only thing he focused on was the teacher. Nobody was looking at him; most people were focused on the teacher, some were talking amongst themselves. TurbulenceAuthor's Note: Contrary to popular belief, I am very alive and very well. Note to self: If you hate flying, don't sit next to a ridiculous cute boy with a hitched smile, a freckled face, and an obnoxious laugh… especially if it's a boy you dropped a suitcase on. This is embarrassing. I protest blindly, trying to find a legitimate reason for acting this way. I bluster weakly as I watch her fade off into the distance and I turn around to face my fate. At least that's what I repeat as I walk over and get in line, my heart slamming in my chest. I tap my foot impatiently on the ground, while fishing out my cell phone. As I wallow in self-pity (and get a sad amount of satisfaction from it), the line moves on. I mutter, trying to pull my suitcase along. I have this problem of separation anxiety. About an hour and seventeen minutes later, I'm ready to board my plane. I'm nauseous and tired. With a sigh, I turn off my iPod and trudge over to the boarding gate. I push my way past people in the aisles and zero my eyes in on the numbers. Okay, I'm going to be completely honest. The plane starts moving and my stomach lurches. The plane rolls forward and all thoughts of hatred towards my mom disappear and thoughts of death fill my mind. The airplane rumbles, my ears start to pop, and without thinking I grab onto the teenage boy next to me and hide my head inside his soft, cotton grey shirt that smells like boy and fabric softener. Huh? He jumps back, his eyes shocked. A small smile rests on his lips. Julia rips out a carton of orange juice and pours it into a small plastic cup, thrusting it roughly at me. Does this boy ever stop laughing? I bang the flight attendant help button and Julia is there in a flash. I think I have apologized on this plane ride alone more than I usually do in an entire week. I pull my sketchbook out of my carry-on and run through a few pages. I scrounge around in the bottom of my bag, pull open zippers, searching wildly for any type of pencil or pen. My eyes trail down to the crudely drawn picture in the corner of the white page. The plane is jerking up and down. This is so scary. My face crumples up and I bury it in my hands. I feel a slight touch on my shoulder, and it turns into a reassuring grip. This dumb flight is finally almost over. A jarring noise grates my ears and we are here. His eyes smile, and I know he's going to start laughing like a hyena again. . Eventually, I was able to escape the scene and scurry to my next class. Author's note: I've grown up. Elizabeth Hughes was tired of pantyhose. she heard a voice from the doorway of her bedroom. Elizabeth replied. It had always seemed to Elizabeth that finding a job after college would be easy. And though they were trying, she could hear in her parents' voices the disappointment in her choice of degree. She had only been able to find a handful of jobs looking for an actual photographer, most of which were for companies who took school pictures, which wasn't something she found interesting. She knew she was going to have to start looking further from home, but that posed a dilemma. said Ashley in greeting. Liz replied, but she knew it wouldn't. Ashley hung up. By Wednesday, Liz had electronically sent off two more resumes to the positions her mother had located in the paper. Liz wasn't looking forward to it. Liz sighed. The car ride was relatively silent as they drove the fifteen minutes to her brother's new home. She had to physically stop herself from bolting out of the car when they parked in Matt's driveway. Amanda smiled sadly, but responded. When they sat down for dinner, Liz didn't decline the wine her brother offered her. She knew she wasn't going to get through the night unscathed, however. Liz had thought about interning, particularly after her first jobless month. That was Liz's number one problem with her relationship with her parents. Dinner seemed to drag. he began, throwing Liz completely off-guard. She fished it out of her bag and looked at the unfamiliar number. Liz responded. Liz said, realizing less was more during this conversation. her father interjected. Liz found herself grateful for her early afternoon interview. She arrived at the Post Bulletin building about fifteen minutes early. Liz checked in at the receptionist and was taken to Millie Karr's office. Liz found that she already liked Millie, in her torn jeans and hot pink flip-flops. Millie deadpanned. Millie didn't acknowledge the shift in Liz's expression, but Liz knew she noticed it. Liz stopped breathing momentarily. she assured Liz, rising to her feet. Author's Note: This is the first thing I've written longer than a one shot in over two years. Also, I am aware of some of the plagiarism that has occurred on this site in the last year or so. smooth, soft skin. Sadly. . The note. heart. didn't. Apparel, don't get me wrong. up in a blush. lacrosse, baseball, water polo. Tommy. friendship so much. his hair, glancing away from me for a second, ". seriously. thought. with him, I can't just stop liking him. blind date. and he's getting revenge? What if. other guy knows exactly what he's getting. does, then sorry. wear? then a movie. the upper case ? smiley and happy and it's so. "Soooo. who. admit, is pretty cute. because. see a movie or something. What. best friend, to you. told me that. hiss. all. identical taste in guys. you,Weird. that. around my shoulders. face. 4. And a little extreme on the emotional spectrum. everyday. How about I just start over? Hi. little breakout . Patrick's Mother: (to Patrick) She's about to bite. I don't mind. Pink hair? I just do weird things sometimes. . Then I noticed that Ms. Olleve, my math teacher, looked a lot bigger than usual. He wasn't much. over, but - I shrugged to myself. I could almost feel every girl in the room inhale sharply. I snapped around in my chair. Okay, fine. . week. twitching uncontrollably. Complete dark. dominion and putting my prone figure into sharp relief. at the legs of my desk. . Ah, but even a dirty blackboard couldn't destroy this fine Friday morning. Math is like blood. Bzzt. die. Tap-tap. - you need math. Speaking of insects . Bzzzzzzt. I gritted my teeth. I glared at him. Revised! . lived. ply him with drink? With what? some decent lies. Nicholas winced. fit him. cows and horses…dairy maids and stuff. sponge bath. then sigh. throat shut and he swallowed. are. it. A screeching eagle soared in the blue sky overhead causing Elisabeth  Lerner to pause. Shrugging, she crossed the room to the drab brown drapes that covered a large window. The apartment above the garage, as well as the house it was attached to, belonged to Jim Candel. Glancing at her watch, Sunny swore. Ignoring her bags, she sauntered to the middle of the room so she could survey her new dwelling. The combined living room and kitchen were already furnished with what looked like a secondhand sofa, recliner, and round table. Two three-tiered screens cordoned off a corner. she muttered as she rolled her eyes. When she finished, she ran to the bathroom to freshen up. Refreshed, she left the apartment. she mumbled under her breath. Blowing a puff of air at her hair, she shoved thoughts of the accident out of her head. She reached a squat brick building with high windows and plenty of neon signs. The Ice Breaker was large. she said as she accepted his embrace. Sunny smiled at the other woman who looked to be in her mid thirties. Sunny nodded, silently agreeing. He eyed the new girl as he made his way to a table near the back. Noah, too, had noticed the girl. Noah said, his brows furrowed. Noah strode across the room to take the girl's arm. Eli's blood turned to ice as the name rang a bell. He grunted as he hunched over the table, having no desire to talk to the girl. Merv and Teddy jumped in, taunting Noah about his obsessive texting while out at sea. A/N: Check me out! What's the difference between red orange and orange red? She released him and gave him a firm thump on the back as a  gesture. Mrs. Norfield narrowed her eyes and wrapped her periwinkle bathrobe around her elderly body tighter. John grumbled, but made no move to say anything until her front door slammed shut. The boy is an absolute nutcase, but he's damn quick with his little remarks. I gasped. Beau, next to me, softly chided with one hand on the door handle. Still sitting snugly in my seat, I pouted. When Memorial Day weekend rolled by, I was sure John had given up in his quest already. John watched her sprint away and scratched his head. John stared at me in astonishment. The unpredictability of his answer, as well as his delivery, caused me to laugh. I confess; I did show an interest in him. Focus. John whispered back and caressed my cheekbone. I shifted so that I was straddling him and grabbed his head of blond hair between my hands. a/n: Yay for Kandy &amp; John! changed. - "The only time it's gets confusing is when you change character POV's. POV. POV. Taken care of and fixed. mode. - " How could you? 12/24/03 – What? weren't answered (i. with girls. steady). example. get too freaked, since he's such a wuse. knew. them and they're her prey. japanese. It had never really bothered me a whole lot before; my lack of sexual experience. The… problem… started a couple of months before my 25th birthday. You may as well find out now, because it will only make the understanding of my story easier, I don't have very high-self esteem. Now at least, I like who I am. The private school, Greens Gate Prep, I went to was for kids attending kindergarten all the way up to twelfth grade, which never seemed to be a problem since the school was sectioned off. My older brother, Tony, was always the popular one, and when he could he would protect me from the blond meanies. Jay and I have been inseparable since about the second week of the sixth grade. The new kid in the grade had followed me out of the cafeteria and into the girl's room. I fell in love with Jay that day and I would joke for years to come that if he ever gave up men, I had better be the first to know. When I ask him about his commitment issues, Jay just shrugs and says that he is waiting for one of my brothers to romantically notice him and come out of the closet. And that little rule of Jay's is what started my  I had never really learned how to say no to Jay. It takes a lot for me to blow a fuse when it comes to dealing with Jay. Jay had insisted that I  I had been a little shocked at the time. So we had taken a town car into the city and I met with Jay's personal hair stylist. But my father hadn't been there as William had highlighted and cut my hair into medium length layers that seemed to curl beautifully around my face. I had had fun up until then, but I hate shopping. Everything had been charged to one of his many credit cards and once we hopped back into the town car I had been so happy with my new hair and to be on the way back home that had I said thank you and kissed him. I had been so pissed that Jay had toyed with my feelings and I had let him know it. Don't get me wrong, my best friend and I do have fights every now and then, but we get over it. After graduation we had gone to the same state university and had followed up with graduate degrees. Jay had tried living with one of his many boyfriends; actually the guy had lasted longer than any other one before him. That's where my newest problem had started. Victoria Sueras is a tall thin lady who will always dress to impress. I remember when my older brother had been at Greens Gate Prep. I knew it was still the same now-a-days; the only change was that the 18 year old, Nico, was the new host. He had done it that day too. This time I cut my mother off. I said leaning into the phone, glaring at it. I looked up at him and shock and began to curse him out silently, Jay just smiled. Jay nudged me and in side. I couldn't take the constant bickering anymore so I felt. I just didn't know that he would get me into such a mess. Well, I've been reading over Project Ashley and all I've been doing is cringing. So, I'm sorry to everyone who's been continuing with this story because I've decided to REWRITE the whole thing (well, what I have written). Once again, a big THANK YOU to all who have been reading, reviewing and supporting me ever since I started with this 'project. I remember my first project in Year 1:  Mrs Duff had said. But these feelings were quickly washed away once I entered Ashbury High. Jeered at… because there's this one thing projects (or any academically related work) don't help with. armchairs against musky walls. He had just breezed in from an out of town business jag and thrown his coat on the lounge seat before heading to his office to conduct a conference call. Only a necklace of small pearls around her neck spiced up her orderly clothes. After all, she had grown up not too far away from Max in terms of geography even though they'd been farther apart in social status. He still traveled the globe looking for new frontiers and hotels that could be tailored to best fit them. Many analyists in the industry had called him eccentric at best and insane at worst but Max' father had known what he was doing. Only it had been in designing and selling customized security systems to a growing list of clients, who represented all the different fields that required such services. But right now, he stood still enough in front of her…for now. She'd had her fantasies about Max, what woman didn't? She looked up and that's when she had seen him get that refill on the Scotch. The man had always been amazingly fit, since his line of work had involved field testing of his product which challenged his cognitive and physical skills. She had wanted to finish what he started with his silk shirt, unbutton it slowly all the way down to where it tucked into his dark slacks. Michelle walked over to get some juice from the wet bar and asked Kylie if she wanted some too. Kylie knew that to be the truth. She leaned back on the lounge chair listening to it squeak, thinking of how she'd like their conference to play out instead. Okay that might work. Okay now what should be her color scheme? Exhilaration, the type that arose from being wild and just a little bit wicked colored her emotions. His eyes looked at hers intently and his body grew rigid where he sat at his desk. Her voice sounded soft and seductive to her ears and would raise his blood pressure as well. He didn't need further encouragement as he got out of his chair and she could tell that he wanted more than that just by looking at his pants. His cologne smelt heavenly but not as much so as his own musk, the scent that defined him as a man who wanted this woman. So she relaxed her mouth and felt his tongue tasting the inside of her mouth, which sent shivers through her. He teased her when he didn't taunt her with those lips and his tongue, her body threatened to turn to jelly just from that and that would be much too soon. So she let him because his mouth felt so good, gently sucking on her skin, before tugging it gently between his teeth. She couldn't help herself…he looked magnificent with it standing up at attention. He nodded quickly and fumbled in his desk drawer. She nodded totally understanding, because the desire had coiled so tightly inside of her she didn't think she could bear it. She blinked her eyes and looked up to see Max standing in the doorway propped against it. Did he know? Ryan rubbed his arms as he stood outside with his best friend. Now, Ryan looked much cooler and more attractive than Miles, who was standing there in a poofy winter jacket that his mother insisted on him wearing. Ryan glared at his best friend, even though he knew he was right. When the bus finally pulled in front of their house, Ryan was more than happy to board it. The Thursday before was Ryan's seventeenth birthday, and that Saturday was his birthday party. Miles tuned out this aspect of the conversation, as he wasn't interested in the details of Ryan's relationship with his girlfriend. Miles leaned against Ryan's locker before homeroom. He whirled around, a furious look on his face. Miles rolled his eyes. Miles rolled his eyes again. Gabby stood on her toes so she could kiss Ryan. Miles kept reading the same sentence in his History book over and over again. As the tapping grew louder and faster, Miles couldn't take it anymore. Although Miles didn't like it, he let it go. Ryan shut his textbook, unable to focus. Ryan knew that Miles didn't like Gabby, and Ryan couldn't really blame him. As far as Gabrielle knew, Ryan didn't know about the newspaper article she had written. However Ryan felt about Gabrielle before didn't seem to have continued. Notice: And we officially have the first chapter! and sighed contentedly. A/N: Revised on 07. Nadia Cole bit back a sigh when she stepped foot onto her high school campus. Walking up the cement steps that would take her deeper into the school she couldn't help but wince as she glimpsed bright pink, red, and white signs taped to all of the buildings within her line of sight. Every school had its stereotypes. For some, the money and popularity were what they dreamed of. Her mother, a one Katya Alkaev-Cole, walked out on her and her father when she was barely two, and Nadia had been too young to even remember what she had looked like, sounded like, smelled like—and dear old dad, being a new hotshot screen-writer-turned-director, was never home longer than three days in a row. Turning the corner that revealed a large part of the school's students, Nadia ran a slender hand through nearly waist length flaxen hair before readjusting the straps of her denim backpack. She admired how upfront they were, but they weren't for her. She briskly walked—more like ran—past a set of lockers which were practically home-away-from-home to the young males who hung out there. Once at the locker, she hastily input her locker combination and as the lock released the door swung open. In her hand, secured by loose fingers, was a red rose. Zip. Kylie Scott. Nadia had to suppress a chuckle at the sight of her best friend. Kylie said with a grin and dazzling turquoise eyes. If Kylie was dressed for a freak winter storm, Dean was dressed for a heat wave. A/N: Hey guys! Almost every night, like clockwork, he could hear the couple in the room above him having rampant, wild, toe-curling, back-scratching sex. The fact was that calling down at the front desk didn't occur to him. Typically the couple ended up in the sack around eleven and stopped around twelve. To those listening out there, if they thought Marvin's listening in on Stud and Princess' sex life was the weird thing he was referring to, you'd be wrong. No, what Marvin was doing was along the lines of peeping tom, instead of using his eyes he used his imagination. He could picture them easily, he could see them in the act. The next morning he awoke, horrified, scandalized, disgusted with himself. The next day he was in a much better mood. This cycle continued, with him at first dreading the night where he would be forced to do something that was so morally…wrong but somewhere in the weeks that passed he grew to like it, he even grew depended on the couple above him. Ridiculous as that was—Marvin's lack of sex life notwithstanding—that was the answer Marvin would have given if someone asked him about his new obsession. Marvin's closet was as neat and organized as any closet could hope to be. The first night he got out the box, the only thing he did was use his lube and fingers to practice stretching himself. Stud was as his name implied; the sort of guy who, at first glance, would make anyone's reproductive organs quiver. Stud wasn't too tall…Marvin estimated that he only stood around 5'7, yet he had such a way of carrying himself that height didn't even matter. The first night that using a dildo became pleasurable to Marvin was an amazing night. Finally, not being able to wait any longer he slowly pushed the toy into his entrance, reveling in the feel of him being stretched, in the feeling of being filled. He pushed it in deeper, gasping and moaning as he hit his prostate. He could feel hips nestled between his thighs, balls of another slapping his own. Marvin cried as he imagined teeth nibbling at his lips, requesting permission that wasn't needed. Marvin half expected to fall out of interest like he did the last two nights, yet with each thrust he could feel himself coming closer to his breaking point, coming closer to a release that was two days in the making. The next morning, Marvin realized that he woke up later than he usually did. he muttered to himself before looking down at the flesh colored artificial penis. You heard the news, but didnt respond. Mom cant be dead. you told him. You couldnt control yourself. You slowly made you way to the chair you always sat in when Dad wanted to speak to you in this room. he sighed. You stood up. Chapter OneTHEY are dead. I sit up in the dark, drenched in a cold sweat. Climbing out of bed, I lift my tank top and see the dark blue bruises that cross my ribs and stretch over my back, concealing the scattered scars that are already there. Training yesterday was more intense than usual, and I wasn't as focused as I should have been. Changing slowly, I try not to cause myself more pain. I have to apologize for my weakness. The line disconnects, and I move quickly, grabbing my pistols. A scream and a gunshot echo from the other end of the hallway past the elevators. I pray this is a drill. When I hear voices coming from the next hallway, I slow down, heart pounding harder as I close in on the President's bedroom. I recognize the woman as one of the President's wife's personal servants. the man yells as the traitor hits the floor. Instead of answering, I step toward him. During a Code Red, elevators shut down. The servant had said the President is already at breakfast, and we always eat in the ballroom located a few floors down. The man's gentle voice catches me off guard, and I'm instantly suspicious. At the forty-eighth floor, the door opens. I frown at his last statement. I whisper as I slow my pace, crouch, and peek around the corner. I can't help it. I stare at the heavy metal doors to the ballroom, trying to listen for voices. I want to tell him that that's two questions, but I don't. Looking into his eyes, it's clear that he actually believes he is right. I pull him to his feet and drag him to the door. The President, his wife, Margaret, and his son, Adrian, are sitting at the table. The Rebels' faces fall, and they back away. I ignore her, watching the President for any sign of injury. Without thinking, I jump in front of Adrian whose finger is already on the trigger. I say again. Glancing at the Rebel at my feet, I finally take in his appearance. As the guards explain how they killed two other Rebels before catching the one kneeling between them, I see my prisoner tense. Brian looks up, hearing the promises in the President's words. It takes me longer than it should to kick my prisoner in the stomach to silence him. My Master nods slowly before standing. I can't believe I said that. I stiffen and look at John out of the corner of my eye just as Adrian's gaze snaps up and locks onto John. Adrian likes to think of himself as a man's man. His eyes bulge. I know what he is going to do before he does it, and I wait for him to act first. Everyone holds their breath as they stare at me, then Adrian, then the President, and back again. My eyes snap to my Master, my President, the one person I owe everything to, but he isn't looking at me. After what seems like an eternity, his eyes meet mine, but only for a brief second. By standing in front of John, I showed weakness. Everyone was worse off before President Kaiser's father gained control of Sector Three. President Kaiser's father was one of these people. Now, people are safe here as long as they follow the rules and laws set by the President. The Resistance is led by a few Rebels who want power for themselves. This Rebel kneeling beside me, who hasn't taken his eyes off of me, is a part of these people. This Rebel's eyes remind me of something from my past life when the world seemed perfect, when I didn't know anything else. My eyes harden, and I let my mind go blank. I sense my Master's eyes on me. I know I have to move. I take a breath, holding my breath, and force my feet to one side. Spencer says. I say, forcing myself to look at him again. I nod once before turning out of the ballroom and heading down the hall. It all looks high tech and expensive. I take the elevator down, which is covered with mirrors. Nowadays, green eyes are few and far between. I don't see what John sees. The elevator opens and I step onto the fifth floor. I wait ten minutes before Adrian and the President show up. I broke more than one rule today, but I failed when I broke Rule Number Two. I want to break his gaze. I try not to think about the pain coming, but it's hard not to. In one quick movement, faster than an old man should be able to move, my Master lands a blow into Adrian's stomach. The President nods, and Adrian finally grasps what is going on. I wonder how long my recovery will take. Adrian brings the rope and binds my hands, his eyes glazed over. The rope is tight around my wrists, and they're already chaffing. My Master walks toward me and removes my guns, tossing them to Adrian. I frown slightly. When he turns and walks away from me, I close my eyes. I finish. something he was comfortable with. me to the ground. By the way, I shouldn't be writing about Ireland because I've never actually been there, and I'm trying my hardest not to succumb to the American stereotype of how Irish people are. Chevonne Dailys could no longer ignore the fact that every time she saw the one and only Jonathan Hedaker, her heart broke in two. It didn't help that he had snapped up a new girl within a week of breaking up with her, while she remained achingly single and continually depressed. It wasn't perhaps the smartest move she had made in her life, running away when she wasn't sure she had a place to stay or a job to go to when she got there, but Chevonne didn't really care. The latter part was particularly heavy on her shoulders, her mother being one of those who thought that by the age of nineteen a girl should be married, and the woman constantly reminded her that even though their wealth put them a tad bit above everyone else, that was no reason for Chevonne to be so picky about it. As of yet, Chevy had found no one to fit the bill. And, like her love life, her family was a mess. Her own siblings, too, seemed to have troubles when it came to relationships. And as the somewhat self-appointed mediator of the constantly breaking and fighting family, as the one with the most sense and the tendency to say what needed to be said, Chevy felt as though she had lived her twenty-four year old life being constantly run through a wringer. Her mother, of course, immediately hyperventilated and had to be resuscitated by smelling salts. Her father, on the other hand, merely waved his hand and said if she wanted to go, she should go. Chevy could only imagine what went on behind the bedroom doors that night as she packed her bags and readied for her flight in the morning. Temper ran deep in their family. Her flight was early enough for her to leave the house before her mother woke up. She could not remember the last time she'd had peace. Her father drove her to the airport without much to say. Over the ten-hour, overnight flight, Chevy took her father's advice and slept. But even in her sleep, her family invaded and tensed her. Thankfully, she woke just before the landing, thus she would have something to distract her. Although her final stop a little more than three hours away from the airport, and Chevy had eaten nothing in the last ten hours, she ignored the smells coming from the airport café and went straight to the nearest waiting cab. Coupled with the frantic dream, just the barest thought of him had her worked into a state of near-tears. Chevy did not look up from staring out the window at the passing scenery. Chevy answered, wiping away a tear. Chevy closed her eyes. Turning her head towards the window, Chevy let her vision slide with the hills and green grass, not really focusing, eyes half-closed. Chevy closed her eyes. Perhaps it was the combination of his seeming devotion and the current situation with her family. She could not think of him without remembering his coming into the café for the last time. Jonathan's blonde hair flopped over his eyes rakishly, needing to be cut as usual. There were customers lining up behind him already, shifting impatiently. He chose the now option. He shook his head. When the next customer in line moved up, she barely heard him. She was halfway home before it finally hit her. Chevy rubbed the grogginess from her eyes and paid him. The little cottage she now stood in front of, with her two bags sitting on the curb, was light blue, bombarded by a rose garden, and invitingly cozy with its white lace curtains and brick chimney wafting smoke. Chevy stared around her, taking in the quiet, sleepy setting. Chevy picked up her bags, smiled as the woman slowly pedaled by and said hello, turned to go up the path to her cousin's house. But as she walked up the little cobblestone path under the white arbor and ivy, the breeze brought her the fresh scent of rain and leaves, and over the hills beyond, the blue sky mingled with sleepy mist and rain clouds. A/N: Again, if you have any info on Ireland from visiting or living there, please tell me. A/N: So this story first came to me when I was mowing--something I hate and one of the top five reasons I want to get married--and at first, it was supposed to be this sweet and fluffy love story. The stems of grass are long and twisted. Just one more day. I left home for college, away from the influences of my mother. The noise was probably the worst part of mowing. I swung around and saw him. I said, putting one of my hands to my hip. he replied. I said, shoving my mower towards him. He smiled. he said with an incline of his head. There was silence again. I said automatically, my mother's feminist instincts kicking again. I didn't reply. That next Tuesday, I was sitting in my house, reading a book to help me unwind after work, when I heard the rev of somebody's lawn mower. I nodded before turning around and walking back into the house. The lawn was finished by the time I walked outside and he murmured a soft thank you as I handed him the glass. he said, as if testing the name on his lips. I was anxiously awaiting his return that next Tuesday. I didn't go outside until he was finished mowing. I said. He looked me over slowly. I said, hoping the answer would be yes. Yet through all of that time, I barely said more than a dozen words to him. He found me attractive, yes, but he had never asked me out since that first time I turned him down for coffee. I could hear my mother's voice speaking to me, telling me to stop living my life with hopeless, helpless daydreams and take action. But my mother's voice could not quench my romantic side. I had never been more nervous for a date than I was that Saturday night. He took me to a seaside restaurant and we sat out on the patio. I asked, still intent on my food. Noah said. As we talked about our lives, I found myself falling even more for Noah Brendan. He asked me suddenly in mid-conversation. And suddenly, we were spinning around the patio. I was expecting a kiss when he took me back to my house. From the moment he came into my yard that next Tuesday, I knew that things had changed between us. I said slowly, holding out his glass of lemonade. I blushed at his admission, not wanting to tell him that I felt the same way. And suddenly, his fingers brushed my lips. I half-expected us to neck like a pair of lust-starved teenagers throughout the entire movie. Not to say there weren't plenty of kisses—steamier kisses—in the future. he said one Tuesday as we were sitting on my front porch. I laughed at his comment, even though he had said it in perfect seriousness. Those Tuesdays seemed to flow into each other, each one precious, yet together, they weaved a beautiful tapestry of our love. I remember the night well. And so, I started a fight. And without another word, he walked out of my kitchen. The next Tuesday I did not want to get out of my bed. I huddled in my bed until about noon. However, it was not that day that we made up. By the time I walked outside, he had already finished mowing the lawn. Noah said and I felt a little piece of my heart break off and fall to the ground. I continued to let my pride get the best of me. We didn't speak once that week. He proposed to me on a hot Tuesday afternoon. he teased lightly. Finally, I heard the motor stop and I rushed out to meet him. I walked slowly over to the left side of the lawn, even though I felt like running. The A was next and I quickly moved on to the next letter. I walked deliberately across the sidewalk, afraid that my knees would give way. I walked down the question mark, and stared at his shoes. My mother's voice was screaming no, but I had become quite apt at ignoring it. I repeated my voice was breathy. I respond simply before moving to kiss him on his jaw and then resting against the crook of his neck. I answered. But the next week, Noah declared that the grass was getting disgracefully long and he simply had to cut it. Our engagement was short—my mother thought it was disgracefully short—only three months. Of course, we moved in to a bigger house . Those days together were some of the best in my life. We were overjoyed when I first got pregnant. Since that very first meeting, and our twelve years of marriage, Noah never missed a Tuesday. That's when I heard it. Men and their chauvinistic ways. my mother admitted to me one afternoon. Nobody thought Noah would ever leave me, not me, not my mother, and certainly not Noah himself. I saw his cell phone on the dresser that morning. I was angry that night when he didn't come home. They found the car first. I whispered to myself as I walked out of the police station. I wanted to scream at them that they could bring my husband back. And for the first time, I truly understood why my mother's heart was so hardened. When we got home that night, Danya curled up in my lap, her little head resting against my chest. I knew that I would have to go job-hunting soon. The stems of grass are long and twisted. One more day and I will do it. The faint sound of a mower's rev. I help her squeeze the lemons and let her pour the sugar into the pitcher. It is over an hour before my little boy comes back into the house. My ten-year old son looks up at me with a solemn look on his face. A/N: Feedback is very much appreciated on this story. for days. Amy. truth. you're always so happy. think you. weeks. "No, Ames. you. crime against woman kind to destroy such a . possible. anyone smell a book before". his gigantic paw around it. instantly became annoyed. crazy". Duck. open. him. somewhere"? together at the kitchen table. looking. To be completely honest, I'm unimpressed, so I gave Kerrie my special 'I-am-unimpressed' look. Kerrie immediately descended into a huff, with a few sly glances out the window. It still took some time to make Kerrie settle down and focus on her homework. Still looking confused – and was that a little hint of amusement I spied? It was a few paces to my car and then my expert and well practiced key jiggle eventually unlocked the door. I wondered briefly whether he could see the cogs whir in my head. I didn't wait to find out his reaction. Kerrie's wheedling I-Need-Another-Favor voice was just as annoying over the phone as it was in person. The reason I hadn't made it to the last two parties was because I had found myself in the unfortunately unpreventable position of not wanting to go. Kerrie snapped. You might be wondering at this point whether or not Kerrie and I are friends. High school parties are inevitably all the same. This particular party was one of the most eagerly anticipated of the whole year because it was at Jasper Henley's house, and Jasper Henley was minted. Kerrie and I were handed drinks as soon as we stepped through the front door and already the heavy odor of hundreds of people and the heat from their bodies made me want to leave. Greetings were thrown at us as we pushed our way through the crowd. Oh. His eyebrows had shot up when I referred to him as Naked Guy - ack! he asked, making a thumbs-up and jabbing it backwards in the air. A group of boys then tried to squeeze past us which had become more difficult now that there were two of us. I forgot about the can of beer sitting beside me until one of the boys passing us kicked it over onto my bare legs. Naked Guy said to me frowning at the noise in the distance. We made it to the kitchen and wove our way around the multitude of people grabbing drinks in order to get to the sink. I shrugged and wiped my legs down. I suggested. We found a different staircase to the main one everyone was using and climbed it Mission-Impossible-style to the first level. We eventually found a large balcony that was occupied by only one other couple. Naked Guy snorted and turned so his back was against the railing. We were silent for a while and it occured to me that we hadn't stopped talking for the whole hour and a half we'd been together. I replied, fingers curled tightly into my palms. A/N: Haha! Anyway, this is just a quick story I thought up when I was writing random stuff in an effort to find motivation to do work. If I had a dog, I wouldn't be now jogging at the park, evading everybody's gazes so that they wouldn't think I was a stalker. I looked at the Mr. Somebody jogging right next to me. I gave him a once over; but it was so not intentional. I didn't say anything back, but I sure hoped that Mr. Somebody didn't talk from experience. He laughed, a deep sound that I wasn't prepared. Midway I turned to see if he was still there, and, by the timed I had spotted him, he had resumed his jogging. I rolled my eyes and looked out of the window of Bryan's car. I sighed. he said. I just had to smile. Except for Naggy, the neon-orange, plastic squirrel on the front yard. I wasn't fidgeting. Out of the kitchen came Mrs. Walker holding a huge pot and smiling brightly. I shot him a nasty glare, but Mrs. Walker just nodded and motioned for us to follow her. I heard Bryan say Hi to a couple of aunts and uncles and whatnots. In any other (less crowded) situation, I would have jumped at him and started to chatter his ears away because, really, I had heard way too much about Ryan to consider him a stranger. I nodded. Ryan loudly announced once we were close to the group of five people. I waved over-enthusiastically; they smiled. I frowned. Clay. He looked entertained at the accusing look I was shooting him. I nodded a couple more times even though my mom couldn't see me through the phone. I hung up. He told me how much it was and gave me my receipt before winking at me as the next person in line approached. That was my luck for the world. Was he making fun of me? I shut my mouth sharply and focused on breathing. I stood awkwardly there, not quite knowing if I should go or say something else. Was he blushing? Really, somewhere in between seeing Clay at Starbucks and accepting to come to the movie theater with him, my brain must have shut off. He was fun, though. he emphasized. I saw a glimpse of pearly white teeth before he got even closer and softly touched my lips with his. I heard him chuckle as he turned back to the screen. I almost wanted to giggle at that. I opened and closed my mouth like Golden before finally settling on keeping it shut. The drive to my house didn't take long, mostly because the town was so small you hardly needed a car at all. I said, uncertain of how to end a non-date. I replied, smartly. I scoffed. He rolled his eyes at me. It didn't take long for the people to show up. He would say that. I felt my mood worsen as the happy couple made their way around the room and Bryan tried to distract me. Ok, so I had developed a mild affection towards Clay and didn't like seeing him in company of someone so openly pretty like Ms. Bombshell. So, Melody, huh? The other night? Silence descended upon us, only masked by the loud music blasting everywhere. Really, they were perfect for each other. He looked up from where he was sitting and rubbing his neck to lay eyes on me, dumbstruck. Geez, people these days did not have patience. I couldn't say he was wrong just as I couldn't say he was right, but, in horror, I realized I had seen him. I blinked a couple of times at his half-angry, half-hopeful face. I hm-mm-ed, feeling like this was our non-date all over again. I said, smiling back at him. Yeah, who needed an iPod now? P.S.: FP is being stupid and not showing the Story Traffic properly. A/N: Okay, so Shikokudarkstar wanted a lonely, rich gay boy that's moved out of his parent's home, a visit from his sister, a Chihuahua, a pet shop and a black cat. Usual warnings: Gay romance with a pretty steamy sex scene. Rant: The inspiration for this story I actually found in a Russian folk tale/fairy tale I watched on TV when I was like, ten. The boy answered, annoyance lacing his voice. Though she knew she didn't need it either way; Chris was her baby brother and he always listened to her every word, sometimes even without a second thought. She hated that. Her mom was too busy dealing with high society to pay any attention to her daughter. Her brother was in so much pain without her and she knew it. Just…she had to pull him out of his shell first. Not long after getting in her jeep and starting it she saw Chris coming down the stairs of the run down building, jumping down the stairs two at a time just like he always did. She should only have a smile on her face; her smile that shined more brilliantly than the sun ever could. Coming further inside the pet shop, Chris couldn't help but gawk. Claire commented seeing her little brother's face filled with awe. Turning his head away from his sister and in the direction of the low, sensual voice he was pleasantly surprised by what he saw. To any bystander it would look like an honest, beautiful smile. . Okay yes—he has a slight sister complex! Chris screeched, not giving a damn about the impression that made on the others around them. Walking inside, he was amazed to see it was not just your regular room. There was also a sort of paved trail that led to each of the cages, while also stretching to the furthest part of the room. Each cage had within it the sort of plant life that fit with the resident of it—trees even smaller than the ones outside the cages, flowers, grass and such. Walking by those cages, he never noticed when he reached the back of the room. Glancing all over it, he was startled by two large emeralds staring at him. The cat moved just in front of the glass and suddenly started rubbing its head against it, making purring sounds at the same time. He went to the side of the cage and fumbled with something, when Chris heard a click signalling that the cage opened. After fidgeting a bit, it propped itself on its rear legs and inched a bit closer to Chris's face. Christian looked at the cat, shocked out of his wits with what happened. He was actually still in a slight daze. Oh, and he was 'Maximilian' or 'Max' for short. There was one thing that aggravated him, though. He then realized what the problem was. And then, in a matter of seconds, the cat itself broke that fantasy by reacting to his sister. Leaving the car, Chris went for the back-seat door and opened it. he said, slamming the back-seat door closed shut. Damn her! Dammit. "Don't you play with me, boy! Chris was speechless. He felt his throat constrict as his eyes burned from the unshed tears. Chris snickered at such a childishly spoilt behaviour of the small animal. Jesus Christ, Chris. Walking into the bathroom, he quickly threw off all of his clothes and walked in under the shower. Still, even that couldn't help his wandering thoughts. Walking inside his room, with only a towel draped over his slender hips, he went straight for his dresser and took out some clean boxer-briefs and a thin pair of sleeping pants. Finally settling down and pulling the sheets over his tired body, he felt a slight shuffling at the bottom of the bed, somewhere near his feet. Chris asked confusedly. The cat mewled and then growled low as if to show how irritated it was. The cat only purred louder as if agreeing to the statement. After what seemed like hours, Chris woke up. Wait a minute. Somewhere in the back of his mind--that part that was fervently trying to ignore this new…situation--he realized it was still dark outside. He squeaked as his eyes raked over the completely naked body of this intruder. Wait. Even though Chris' mind knew he should be scared or at least cautious with this stranger, he couldn't feel afraid. Not perfect, no. Before he could stop himself, Chris lifted his left hand, the one that lay immobile between them, and gently pressed his fingers to the stranger's face. At the affectionate touch, the man stirred slightly. Chris' eyes never left the man's sleeping face, but he couldn't help the yelp he let out as the other's eyes suddenly shot open. Moving his eyes away from those eyes, his gaze landed on the man's long hair. Without even uttering a word, the intruder shifted until he was on all fours standing above Chris, who was now lying on his back; pinning Chris effectively to the bed. The man used the opportunity to crush their mouths together and plunge his hot, wet tongue into the unsuspecting heat of Chris' mouth, earning a startled gasp from the boy. Chris needed more. He moaned into the man's mouth, giving him an obvious proof of just how good he felt being kissed so passionately. The man slowly got up and sat back so he could take in the whole picture of Chris. Unable to resist, the man went back down, pulling Chris in another kiss, going from his mouth to his jaw, tracing small kisses along the way. Chris couldn't think anymore. Oh dear lord…Can that thing fit? Enjoying those soft lips and that too talented tongue, Chris' back arched off of the bed in surprise when he felt that hot, calloused hand wrap around his member. Using the distraction, the man stopped stroking him only to move his hand lower, to Chris' tight virgin entrance. Okay, now it does hurt! The man smirked at the flushed face of the boy as he angled his thrusts so he would hit that sweet, little spot inside of that small body over and over again. Feeling that tight ring of muscle tighten even harder around his throbbing cock, he grunted as he felt himself fill the insides of Chris' body. Waking up for the second time found Chris lying sprawled across the bed as the midday sun shone brightly through his room's window, hurting his eyes. That was before he moved to stretch his sore from sleep muscles only to realize just how sore they were. And that's when the proof number two of the previous night presented itself. He knew though, that they didn't 'make love'. He snorted, feeling that all too familiar weight settle inside his chest once more. A fuck buddy. Each night he came and left immediately after the night of heated passion. He was shocked and surprised by his own thoughts and feelings; he didn't know where they came from or why he had them. And as if that wasn't enough trouble, his small black, furry friend made sure to add fuel to the fire. Luckily, he got all his shots back at the pet shop, so there was no fear of infection. Exactly two weeks since getting his little furry friend, Claire came to visit them, saying how she wanted to see how the cat settled in. That's also why he adored cats of all kinds and sizes-they were self sufficient, able to live on their own even if they did have a master; something he never could do. Letting Claire inside his apartment he was shocked for the umpteenth time in the past two weeks. And why was he bitter, anyway? After a couple of hours of talking about various relevant and irrelevant things, Claire declared it was time for her to go back to her dorm. Even though he would have been thrilled if she stayed with him, at least for the night. He turned away from the front door that he just closed behind his big sister and walked back into the living room and sat back down on the love seat. Whenever the man came, Demon (he refused to call the little monster 'Max'. I'm such an asshole…Throwing away the only creature that is with me almost every minute of every day and for what? Nothing happened for a while. Without a single sound, the cat slowly changed. Chris asked, not even realizing he'd called him that. Demon gave him a sad smile at the nickname he'd used on his cat form for these past two weeks. Chris listened to the heart beat of the man under him, trying his hardest not to break down. Our last…Oh god. Their last time was violent, but passionate, filled with so many emotions. But Chris just couldn't be happy with that knowledge. No, it was not only drooping. Chris couldn't control his emotions anymore as he let sobs wrack his body; he could feel those warm arms losing their length, those fingers disappearing. Suddenly the warm, big body of his lover was gone and Chris was left clutching at the black feline. He'd tried; he really had. He went out with other men. And he was so tired. He knew they were worried about him, but he just couldn't care. Lucas. A story of a noble who enraged a beautiful, yet cruel enchantress, for breaking her younger brother's heart, all those centuries ago. This was his last chance. When he told Lucas how Max disappeared, he saw the baffled expression on his face. Another thing Lucas clarified for him. A loud knock on his door surprised him; disrupting his thought process and making him jump in his seat. Stop it stop it stopit! The noise just wouldn't stop. A/N: Yay! birth. dear old Dad. (Gasp! ballerina slippers and. yes. either. first semester freshman. stared at me for what seemed to be almost five minutes. tapping. coach here and the daughter of . and start over. will. cold war of sorts, as well. hand. Trista Park sat stiffly on the wooden bench outside the bus station, slowly scratching her toes along the cement beneath her, her eyes fixed on her delicate hands. The representative assured her. She was surprised when she found out the newest couple were from the other side of the country. But this time. Trista had yawned. So she'd been put on a plane to BC and was met in the airport by Jenna or Jenny, who didn't have a car so they had to hustle onto a bus to get to the small town where her new fosters lived. Trista blinked. With a sigh, Trista stood and waited next to Jen, her hands held closely to her sides. For a woman in her forties, she certainly was attractive. Her husband came around the vehicle and immediately held his hand out for Jen to shake. Jenna smiled back and greeted both of them before they turned their attention to Trista. She put a familiar hand on Trista's shoulder, but she quickly shrugged it off. Bryant acted first and stuck out his hand. Trista shrugged. Bryant opened the door for her and she climbed into the back seat of the van. Trista's ears perked up at the mention of the mysterious child the agency had failed to mention to her. Before she knew it, they'd arrived at the Tetherlands' home. Bryant pulled to a stop and offered to give her a tour. He explained. Trista was relieved when they finally went inside. She said as she bent down and picked it up. Another, larger animal trotted up to her and started to sniff her. Bryant explained hurriedly. She was confused but didn't say anything as Bryant ascended the stairs. The attic was furnished with a huge bed, dresser and desk with a stereo and. It wasn't as large as the other bathrooms, but it still had a shower, sink and toilet and a small medicine cabinet behind the mirror. Trista didn't know what to say. She said to Tex. Trista was close enough that she could hear the voice on the other end. Trista shrugged. Bryant smiled and stood from the table, but Trista couldn't move. She found her eyes trained on the entrance to the dining room, waiting for the inevitable arrival of Tiergan. She heard him greet his parents nonchalantly and answer their questions about his 'practice'. You Kidnapped Me! So here we are. I have no. I'm laying on some hard, cold piece of floor all tied up. You may wonder why I'm like this. I'm like this because some jackass kidnapped me. Now I'm awake, but blind because a blindfold was put over my eyes. I have no idea where I am because of the blindfold. So someone kidnapped me. If these guys don't want money, then, what do they want? Now I'm bored. Why am I bored? I roll onto my stomach which relieves the pain in my neck, but it really hurts my back. Wait, I can hear someone yelling. Next thing I know, my upper arm is being gripped so tightly that I know it will bruise and a fist suddenly connects with my cheek. the man who hit me says. I continue to cry even though the guy is no where near me. I hear the guy who saved me let out a heavy sigh and I can't help but think he has a sexy voice. I can't help but flinch after hearing what my stepfather said. My body completely freezes up when I hear that. The next noise sounds a lot like someone punching someone in the face and breaking their nose. The rope that binds my legs behind my back has just been cut and I'm being dragged out of the room. I want to kick myself for worrying about their nicknames. At that moment Sexy Voice picks me up and throws me on what I can only guess to be a bed. My story  has similar ideas as of Volurin's story  Any similar found were made by complete chance. She didn't even look up at first. And, okay, so technically she was. Either way, no one really talked to people who were sitting alone. He didn't say anything as he unwrapped his chicken sandwich and spread ketchup and mayonnaise over the bun. Maybe asking her out was just a way to get her attention. The sad thing was that she couldn't even be mad at him for using her like that. Well, Brice was almost done. She was petrified. Not boys like Brice Abrams, who played football, baseball, and a little pick-up basketball on the side. he replied after a short pause. Nila cleared her throat, determined to talk this time. She quickly closed her mouth and sighed. Her eyes widened and Brice's did too. Brice, eyes still wide, nodded at her. Nila swallowed and nodded, her eyes trained on a stain on the table. Nila's eyes widened again, and she once again found her hand over her mouth. She tried to dodge around him, but he blocked all of her moves. Brice began, and paused. Not her arm. He dropped her books on the ground and stared up at the ceiling for a moment. Nila went to answer, but this time, she couldn't even get a word out. Her eyes widened. He gave a short laugh. She felt her blood run cold and she stiffened up, determined to escape him. Brice laughed, and Nila started to feel irritated that he wasn't even… upset. And suddenly it hit Nila full force. Brice stared at her for a moment before nodding. He walked closer to her, pulled her against him. Brice pulled Nila's chin up and held her gaze. Author's Note: Let me know what you thought! i know i've been silent for a long time here. was going to split this in half, but decided to just post it in total for now. While she was preoccupied, I moved closer to the table to see who Momma had been working on this time; that way, I won't be surprised when I see them later in the viewing room. I knew from the tone of her voice that now was not the time, so I huffed and clumped back up the concrete stairs and then upstairs to our apartment. Studying it a moment, I pulled my bag over to my side, easily finding the small digital camera I keep in a special pocket. I take notes on legal pads. It was the guy from this morning. I nodded, copying a paragraph short-hand about the difference of film size when taking close-up pictures of such things like insects--you can try with digital, but it just doesn't come out very well. I blew gently and the small beetle fluttered away in the draft before righting itself so it could fly away. Conversation was minimal as we walked--me leading and him just tagging along. Rolling my eyes, I continued down the street, and it took a few moments for him to catch up. When I was younger, I always thought angels were bright beacons of hope and comfort, and therefore, ought to be smiling to beat the dickens. After eating all the lemon pieces in silence, I just as silently sorted through and picked out the orange, cupping them in my fist and holding the group out in an offer he didn't readily take, not until I shook my hand a bit in impatience. After I'd finished the first Starburst package, I opened the second as I'd done the first, again transferring the oranges to him and keeping the rest for myself. There were a few curious faces at seeing something unfamiliar in me, but the vague interest morphed to disinterest soon enough as I perched on a seat next to Buddha. We eventually stopped in front of a rather ordinary house, not much setting it apart from the rest but for that it was a warm butter yellow and had little vegetation in front other than the actual lawn. I complied, out of my element but used to that. The other boy was a bit older, a brother I guess, and if Buddha's a gothic kid, his brother was even more extreme. He came and sat on the bed, holding a small, flat tin that opened to reveal…joints. As soft as his fingers had been, his kiss was clumsy, our kiss was clumsy, but I didn't mind. I returned to the bed on rubbery legs, sinking down in the same spot as before and watching him, aware of him, as he came and did the same. I kept hold of the camera but lay back and situated so he could see well enough, thumbing through my stock at a leisurely pace. I couldn't have fought, and I wasn't much inclined to after the initial reaction to personal space invasion. The one soda turned into four, sitting on his sofa watching television for hours. Hours were spent on the couch watching his television, more than I watch in an entire week consumed in just a day. It had been a compulsion, as soon as I saw the man on Gail's table, I'd recognized him. A hand went to my stomach immediately after, and I knew its intention before it moved down, and suddenly, I knew. Just after noon, the bell sounded, and I sipped my juice, staring at a picture featuring a mass grave. I let him take the room in a moment before heading to another one, having to unlatch a heavy mechanism before swinging open the smoothly-weighted door. I sat there, thinking on how it might feel to someone else, seeing a dead body. Startled, I turned into his kiss, dry and friendly, and it never warmed beyond that. he informed me, voice dry as we continued up to the second story, heading to the room I still call my own. His words having failed him, he moved closer, his hand moving to the curve of my shoulder as he pulled close and kissed me. Once Upon a Time10. friend. Hey everyone! *Just a note, none of the italicized lines under each chapter belong to me. How long had he been here now? Michael Langdon had been dead for seven years now, but his presence had remained here on earth and he couldn't, for the life of him, reason as to why that was. he asked himself into a naturally soft tenor that had a very slight rasp to it. His mind began to put the pictures of his death back together. And yet, he managed to accomplish them as a ghost, an entity, whatever he chose to call himself at any given time. The problem was that his life, death, whatever it was called, was now infinitely lonelier than it had ever been. Currently, Mike was standing in the middle of a sidewalk, staring up at a skyscraper. Suddenly, and without warning, somebody bumped into him. For a moment, it appeared as though nothing was going to happen. It was as though he was a person again. Lara Darling was still getting used to the City. Everything here had a  vibe to it too. The one good thing she had found about New York as of yet and besides the public transportation was that what she wanted to do with her life was easily accessible here compared to other cities in other states. As she collected her thoughts and tried to remain focused, she bumped into someone literally standing in the middle of the sidewalk and looking up at the skyscraper. Lara shook her head, muttering something under her breath and continued on. Suddenly, Lara heard someone apologize – say sorry – over the crowd of people. I smiled as my Aunt Kelly walked back down the aisle with her new husband on her arm. The groom didn't look too bad either. As I watched them drive away (and smirked a little at the massive cupid with a bow and arrow perched on top of the otherwise stately town car), I looked up suddenly as I felt someone's eyes on me. Whilst shrugging, I felt my little cousin Emily tug on the hem of my champagne gold dress. I really did roll my eyes as I saw her fan herself with a silk handkerchief. After one last warning glance in my direction, she lovingly ruffled Kevin's hair, pulled out a comb from her purse and then smoothed his hair down. The banquet room was really spectacular. After all the speeches had been made and the bride had danced with both the groom and her father, I began picking at the paper napkin on the table in front of me. I looked behind me and stared into a pair of blue eyes that held such determination in their gaze that it took my breath away. Still. Okay, so it's been a while since I've written anything, and I'm sure nobody knows me because this is the first time I've ever posted anything on FP. Oh, and the rating's for later chapters. What the hell is that? But this guy, the one from the story…. Even I'm not quite sure how I decide which of my many admirers I'm going to choose next. So I go for it. Well, not intentionally, at least. After that, it was like I couldn't stop. But they never were, so I decided to make the first move myself. Okay, so he's getting a reaction out of me, too. Ely has really soft hair. This clues me into the fact that Ely must be into me enough that he's told his friends about it. I'm just sort of staring at Ely with my fingers still tangled in his hair; I probably look really stupid, but then again, so does Ely. I drag my fingers out of his hair and sort of ghost them across his cheek before letting my hand fall back against my side. I'm at a complete loss for what to do next. I don't know why I thought that I could possibly become engaged by the lesson. Suddenly, I feel Ely's fingers on top of mine and my gaze jerks up. Why me? And I don't know what answer to give him. So I decide on Because I want to. I didn't see Ely for the rest of the day, not until the school was almost empty and I was heading out to my car. That's how I know they were talking about me. In front of Ely's crossed legs, there are several pieces of crumpled paper. Ely and I are alone. I don't know why I'm nervous about asking him. But I don't ask. The only thing really worth mentioning is this: Ely said yes. So, he and I are going out tomorrow night. Also, this is the first thing I've written in the first person. AN: This is the edited version of the first chapter. I rolled my eyes. She didn't need any more explanation than that. When I heard the beep of Anna's car, I quickly tucked my phone into my pocket, and made it down the stairs. When we made it to the hidden location of the street racing, I started to regret agreeing to attending. The last one was called out by Caden King, this caught the attention of the last person I wanted it to—Jack Hale. The challenging and stubborn part of me—and it was a big part—was telling me to go for it; prove him wrong. He scoffed at that; flicked his bud to the ground, and fix the hood of his leather jacket. Letting out a frustrated sigh, he once again gave me his nod and turned to win the race I knew he would. Obviously God didn't like me at that moment of time, and decided to keep my luck within his hold for the time being. I hated to admit it, but Jack was attractive, especially with his tanned toned arms crossed like that. Oh and I was so wrong about that. I raised my eyebrows at the scene playing out before me. He didn't reply to my comment but he did keep his eyes on the road. It was my turn to be speechless; I had nothing, absolutely nothing, to say back. I'm not sure whether to wear it or not. The thing is he wasn't even trying to be mean about it; he totally winked at me and everything. I look at the door, absentmindedly touching my hair and wondering what on earth he's doing here. Quinton pushes open the door, and I turn to him, nerves taking over my body. I look at his arm, and hurt bubbles inside my chest. my mum calls from down the hall, and I give Quinton a look before I start to walk off, only he follows me down the hall. he says the word 'date' like it's dirty, and seems a little. All the while Quinton is standing back where I was before, hands shoved in his pockets, staring at us wildly. He's sporting a tux, and out his pocket sticks a red rose, his grin as charming as you like. Cohen's eyes twinkle even more, and he shakes his head in good humour, I'm sitting at one side of the dance hall, and Quinn is on the other, hands at his knees, back up straight, and eyes staring right into mine. Cohen sympathy sighs,  and I just shrug, like, what prince? And not the lame (well not lame, but not the kind of dancing you'd use to songs like this) ball room dancing either, I learned to dance dance, like the girl's on MTV video clips kind of. Okay. I'm kind of dancing in the sort of way that Buffy dances with Xander, when she's all mean-Buffy after nearly getting killed, and does it just to spite Angel. But it goes on, and on. I say and he lets out a breath, looking sideways and walking off backwards, look out, he mouths. I shift my weight and look around awkwardly, my face turning pink all over again, wondering what I'm ever going to say to him to explain it. Nice. I spit out at his rudeness. I protest, reddening; even though I know it kinda was it's not like I wanted it that way. I look at him inquiringly. My jaw drops, and I stare at him, and I can't believe what he just said. I'm not crying because I'm sad, either. Stupid Quinn. I pick up a rock from beside the stairs, and throw it, hard as I can, at the water. I get up, blurry eyed, and rush over, inspecting the statue with a wild beating heart. he groans and I look up at him, incredulous. He stares at me, as I shiver in the cold spring night, holding out my hand, waiting. He can't honestly believe I want to go on the swing with him. I say and shake my head. I sing, sticking my fingers in my ears and scrunching my eyes up. Only in the heat of the passion; I kind of forget I'm mad at him. he says confidently. He nods and I narrow my eyes at him, but he just smiles, his hands tightening around my waist as he presses his lips down on mine for the second time that night. Our first kiss was fast and furious, our second; long and lingering. He confesses with a cheeky grin, and my cheeks redden. Hope you liked my one shot sweets. I'm going to get my learners (as in drivers) on Tuesday, and I have to do this test with all these multiple choice questions and if I fail my parents spent 35 bucks for nothing. A swift, fall breeze brushed Alex Jameson's long, auburn hair against her gentle skin. It was her fourteenth birthday, and her best friend in the entire world was going to come see her. Tom gently stroked her face with a comforting assurance that he was always going to be there for her. Today she was turning fourteen, and the night before when she spoke to Tomas on the phone he told her that he had a very special gift for her, but he wouldn't give any clues to what it was. She could just see it now – his parents would arrive and pull up into the driveway with Tom in the back, and he would hop out of the car as she ran to meet him. Suddenly, a cold shiver ran up and down Alex's spine. Where were they? he began quietly, his voice trembling. Alex felt something inside of her die. After graciously thanking the driver, Alex stepped off of the bus onto the sidewalk that belonged to her new home, Hamilton University. she said to herself with a sigh after reading the paper, and then placing it in the back pocket of her jeans. There was a loud  as Alex dropped her luggage on the floor and reached into her rear pocket for her key card. Alex's jaw nearly dropped to the floor upon opening the door. Alex grumbled quietly. mumbled the boy. Her new roommate, Christina, didn't seem to be far from the sort. A look of shock came across Alex's face, striking the boy with curiosity. When the two students reached the receptionist desk, they found a plump woman asleep on the counter. Christian asked, quietly the first time. Christian went pale. Mint AllergiesMany people have asked me why I don't date. I think my parents were high on marijuana and watching Lord of the Rings when they thought of my baby name. Let me tell you, it was anything but funny. I mused at how we, the considered social pariah of our middle school, had chosen E.T., The Extra-Terrestrial as the movie for our first date. he said, his glazed eyes meeting mine. As we walked side by side, I slipped a mint in my mouth. He nodded but we continued to stare at each other. His eyelids fluttered shut as he crumpled to the ground. That's when it occurred to me. I smile dryly but say nothing as she starts the engine and peels out of the parking lot. Some members of the group turn their head from where they are sitting. Mallory sighs. I turn back to him and my eyes vacantly pass over his nametag. I ponder over her words and examine his familiar unruly, dark hair. I sit and watch as Ryan flicks paper balls into the hoody of the girl two seats away from him. My eyes flicker back unconsciously to the counter and see Seth chatting with one of his coworkers. I grab her pencil and rip the edge of her paper. Yeah. My fingers drum against the counter. he notes. As Mallory drives back to campus, I hesitantly unfold the note. That does not seem like a long time, but a lot can change. I ignored him and looked out the window. That year I was going down to Maryland for a family reunion after being in contact with my Aunt and Uncle since my arrival. My first year there, almost nine months after I left, I was doing so well, I stopped thinking about him. Now I'm coming back. I could see the lights of London now, and I knew we'd be landing soon. We hugged again and went our separate ways. I smiled and dropped my bags, but lifted my dog carrier,  He was my beagle, only 5 months old. After what felt like the longest drive of my life, our taxi came to a stop in front of a black gate, I tried to look out the window but could only make up a large house down the drive in the distance. I asked in awe. Inside was breathtaking. The wood floors in the foyer were gorgeous, and the staircase pressed against the wall gave the room on open feel. After I ate, and chatted with Keira and Chelsea for a bit, I walked around. I told her as she shook my hand. I waved her off and then looked around. There he stood at the bottom landing, wearing an all black suit, looking better than he did when I left him. Should I walk over to him? The song used in this is  by the Bravery. Have you ever been misjudged? There was always something wrong with me that everyone had to tease me about. So I always got up from the ground and I always fought back, which of course, made Chris furious and with his fury came more teasing. That was the day that I discovered that I had asthma. In seventh grade, I came to school with reading glasses and braces, and this made Chris laugh even more. In this depression, poetry was my light. In my lime light I raced back home and to tell my mother my brilliant idea. I remembered crying that night, and a part of me died; the part that had kept me standing. I walked into school the next day with a sickly feeling in my stomach and misery swimming in my eyes. I am proud to say that I never saw Chris again after that day, because I moved to New York with my grandfather. I went to a performing arts school in Manhattan and was reunited with my friend, Allison, and after college I moved into a nice apartment near Rockefeller Center with her. There was a feeling of despair welling up inside me, and I couldn't help but think that Christopher Summers had followed me into New York City without him knowing it. Disclaimer: I don't own Motorolla Razr, the Cherry Blossom Festival, or J.K. Rowling. Saying this, he moved to face me, a worried look in his eyes. But tabloids were Mr. Jones's life. I nodded to him, plans and vendettas already slithering around in my brain. The girl had made her fame by using those pouty red lips of hers to crank out sultry songs. A flicker of her illustrious eyelashes innocently told the world that she was nothing but a piece of pretty meat for the male population to sauté and savor. I had been following Miss Bell for quite some time, determined to hit payday. Suing a tabloid just makes the celebrity look guilty of the accused crimes, Miss Bell undoubtedly realized, so she paid off the camera men and filed a restraining order against me. But that's beside the point. The beginning of April was milder than I'd have guessed; the breeze was gentle so that I only needed a sweater, but not so calm that I could take it off with out any comfort. Above the black and gray cement, cherry blossoms were beginning to bloom. I sighed away from the speaker. Jerry grunted. A/N: Okay, so russlove wanted an emo gay boy/jock boy story. Just a small heads up so there's no confusion later on: Kyle &amp; Seth are juniors, in their second semester of the year. Warnings: BoyxBoy, first and foremost. And please review! …Even if the said victim is one of the hottest and most dangerous people of all Hartley High. Stopping a few feet away from the locker, he scanned the other boy: he was leaning against the locker; his back pressed firmly against it and his head leaned back on it. And the fact that they had another three months of school to go through before they could manage to get new orders for their uniforms was extremely disconcerting. Whenever looking at the boy, Kyle felt a bit self-conscious. It's not my fault that I'm not the star quarterback of this hell hole. …And the sad thing is that he knew it and used it whenever he could. Kyle was becoming more annoyed by the minute. Hearing the amusement in his voice, Kyle groaned and took a deep breath. At least he's evolved from that entire name calling. Sighing deeply, Kyle told himself to count to ten, breathing evenly and slowly. Hearing the serious tone of the boy, Kyle knew this was all slowly going to hell. He moved his face even closer to the guy, putting it so close that even their breath was mingling, as he could feel the light puff of air on his own lips. If he fought back, it would turn in an all-out fist fest, and he didn't want that. And since he was the one to throw the first punch, he knew he pretty much deserved to be punched back. The moment the other boy came to his senses, he mentally prepared himself for a heavy right hook that he knew he would be getting right across his face. Huh, what do you know, he went all out this time. But something indeed was wrong. And why not make it even more interesting by mocking him for it? The fleeting look of terror that washed over Kyle's features was quickly replaced with red hot anger as he looked over the faces that were chuckling wickedly at his impending demise. Damn. If they wanted to beat him, they would-one way or another. Kyle panted heavily, both from exhaustion and from the pain that was racking his body. He slowly straightened up, trying not to think about all the places that hurt from just that simple movement. No matter what, they could never deny that he always gave them a good fight. . Useless. Darkness. But…why is it so warm and soft? No, it can't be. That's when he felt it. . Her hands were much softer; not only that, it didn't even smell like her. Yeah. Suddenly, he felt something warm press against his lips. Even so, that soft heat didn't make a second contact with his lips and for some reason that left him feeling disappointed. He still couldn't believe the things his mother told him during breakfast. And it had to be the most awkward breakfast he'd ever witnessed in his home, his mom beaming with pride ('my son has such a polite boy for a friend! He also had a hard time explaining to his mom that no, the boy doesn't need their thanks for dragging their half dead son home. Cause he was certainly not depressed. Cause it was definitely delusional. It was highly unlikely since he was open about it from the first day of his freshman year. What the hell did he ever do to the guy? He smiled bitterly to himself, feeling as if something small but rather important just died inside of him. They were his soul mates, his crew, also popularly known as 'The emo brats' or 'Those suicidal losers'. He didn't want to force his presence on them as he knew they were still pretty scarred of Seth and his gang of bullies, even though most of the guys were straight. Hell, he himself could barely stand his ground against those guys, and he was his father's son. They were friends for three years now and they knew more about him than even his own parents. Someone smart at some point in time said that strength came in numbers. He was startled to feel the warmth of the boy's palm on his bruised cheek. Sure enough, most of the conversation consisted of their questions and inquiries over the fight and his exasperated sighs as he answered their questions, some answers repeating more than once. Straightening up, the boy locked his gaze with the other teen standing behind Kyle. They always waited even though Kyle sometimes didn't notice that. Startled, Kyle jumped a bit and looked angrily down on the boy. Kyle asked, not believing his ears. Kyle said with an edge to his voice, frowning at Seth and blushing a bit. He blushed a bit explaining the meaning of the tattoo. That was coming from Seth. Oh fuckity fuck, I'm seriously fucked. And also something that struck Kyle as a rather peculiar glint in his eyes. Was he really…happy? The only plus side to all of this was the fact that he wasn't being beaten anymore. He was definitely not a bad looking guy, what's more he was considered quite striking. What did he want with him? Closing in on the gate, he realized that the rain was now coming down heavier than before. Once again Kyle felt a pang of an unnamed emotion. Sadness…? he asked warily, not knowing what to make out of the look in Seth's eyes. . Where's he looking at? . …Goddamit. He felt the boy stiffen at the first contact of their lips, only to relax completely in mere seconds. The next minute he was left breathless as Kyle put his hands in his hair, puling Seth in even closer and taking over the lead, twirling his tongue in a maddening slow, yet forceful motion. Seth was really caught off guard with such a display of dominance coming from the other boy. He never broke the kiss, but decided to take back the control over it and distract the other long enough for what was to come. Somewhere in the back of his mind Kyle knew he probably shouldn't be doing this; they were enemies and Seth was acting weird lately. Deeming that the boy was distracted enough, Seth snaked his hands even lower, coming to a stop on the boy's hips. Feeling that delicious friction through his pants, Kyle moved to break the kiss so he could take in that so much needed breathe of air. Noticing the slight change in Kyle, Seth took it as being given a green light. Kyle's eyes were half-lidded, as he threw his head back in ecstasy, parted his lips just enough to let out all the grunts, pants and moans he'd been suppressing. He knew Seth was on the edge. Kyle was a bit surprised to see Seth blush, but he quickly understood what the reason was. He came closer to Seth, taking his left hand with his right one leading him toward their destination. Doing that seemed to remove all of Seth's self-inflicted brakes. Seth somehow managed to compose himself enough to take the coat, the vest and the shirt off of Kyle in a blur of swift motions. Oh god. Kyle smirked eerily seeing the awestruck look on Seth's face. Not that it was needed, just. Without wasting another moment, Kyle latched himself onto Seth's lips while his nimble fingers quickly removed both the coat and the vest, breaking the kiss for the slightest moment. Feeling the heat rush through him, he decided he couldn't wait any longer. Have I always been this pathetic? Seth was baffled by the fact that he was so lost in all the sensations that he failed to notice it before. Goddamn uniform. Kyle snickered when he saw Seth raise his hand slowly, tentatively toward his right nipple. Seeing Kyle's reaction, Seth grew even bolder as he took it between his fingers and gave it a small squeeze and then rolled it between his thumb and index finger, making Kyle moan. Kyle took Seth's hand and removed it from his stiffened nipple and leaned in once more, kissing Seth fiercely, hungrily, making him moan and gasp for air every now and then. He stopped mid-word as he felt tight heat envelop his throbbing member. Kyle knew it was too soon. That was, until he felt something cold and slick against his small, puckered hole. Seth realized now what the weird feeling about this situation was. Without saying a word or giving any sign that he heard what the other boy said, Kyle swallowed his now dripping cock once more as he pushed another finger inside the tight heat of Seth's body. Seth nodded his head, not trusting himself to speak. Kyle looked at Seth, worry in his eyes. What the hell's wrong with me? Kyle looked at him, confused. Seth felt a jolt of electricity run through him as he felt his entire body twitch. Kyle mercilessly rubbed that small gland inside of Seth, making him shudder and arch his body, trying to deepen the contact. Kyle hurriedly unzipped his slacks, sliding them down his hips and removing his boxers. He couldn't move. Then he noticed Kyle's face. Shifting slightly, Kyle moved so he was now staring directly at the pain filled face of his lover. He lost the train of that thought as he felt Kyle slam the rest of his big, hot cock inside of him. Seth turned his head to look at the face of the boy whose forehead was now resting on his shoulder. Kyle continued thrusting into that tight heat, that wanton body. Kyle laughed again, seeing the pouting face of the boy he loved for too long to even remember when it all started. A/N: Oh god, THAT WAS LOOOOOOOOONG! Edit(24th May,2009): I've noticed quite a number of people favorited this story,but never got to review it. It was just a normal day for me at my dance school. Me, I'm a 15 year old girl who's 5ft7. At home though I have a father who is as sweet as honey, he currently is dating a woman named Rebecca who is a lovely lass. Who better to start with than the person who hates me as much as I detest him? He's never slept with me or any of my friends, but I know plenty of girls he has slept with. Derek is 18 like Alexander and he's about the same height as well. The next person I think I should tell you about is Michael. Next up is Michael's brother, Tom. Now, on to Zac; the stupid head who brought assholes to join us on our tables. Aleah is currently dating Tom which I think is absolutely adorable because they make the cutest couple known to man. The last person on my list to talk about I believe is Aura. Snapping my thoughts back to reality I notice that Alexander is currently chatting up the new girl who's about 16 years old. she was trying to be quiet but she was one of those naturally loud girls so her whisper was like a normal talk really. I move my hand over my belly  I say all too seriously as I wink at him. I slide my hands further down his chest  I whisper in his ear. I wink at him as I sit back down. When I peer around our group I could see that all the boys were giving me grins and nods of respect, other than Michael who was glaring at Alexander with eyes filled with jealousy. Sigh. Okay, so maybe I was exaggerating. Me – little old Olivia Whitfield. Okay, so maybe the last one wasn't exactly true. Well, not really. That was Alyssa. Yes, I know. And when she dumped them, or they dumped her, it was always me who comforted her, and told her what jerks they were – and if necessary, got revenge for her. Sure, she repaid me. I felt my heart lurch, then I reprimanded myself firmly. Reluctantly hauling myself out of my chair, I examined my reflection in the wall mirror. I bit my lip, glanced down, and realized that I was still holding my dirty clothes. The stranger pulled my dirty clothes off his face and tossed them behind him, then regarded me with an amused look on his face. I stopped, and dropped the sock. Matthew sighed again. About an hour or so later (or was it an hour and a half? I raised an eyebrow. He raised his eyebrows smoothly. And she yanked me into the hallway. I meant that. I responded modestly. He grinned, but it was a nervous one. – Okay, I couldn't help myself. For the third time in the span of five minutes, my jaw dropped. So. Anyway. Look for more of these boys in the future. Last note: the title is subject to change. Warning: this story contains a relationship between two males. Addison Parker slid into his black Jeep Wrangler with a barely audible sigh, knowing this day was likely to a long one. he murmured as the passenger side door opened, revealing his younger sister Danielle. Addison said, trying to keep his disinterest from his voice. Claire Halstead, his best friend, head cheerleader, and farthest thing from his girlfriend that was ever likely to exist. Deciding to ignore her comment, Addison concentrated on the road in front of him. he half begged, pulling away. Christ, Addison could feel himself losing his carefully constructed composure already. No would have believed him, had Addison come out about the relationship. And yet… it was the truth. When he'd seen Tria for the first time, near the beginning of the school year, Addison had immediately quashed the attraction he felt for the dark haired boy. Addison had always enjoyed and excelled in photography, and when Tria had been the one to show up for the sport shots he'd needed, Addison had been surprised but thrilled. The indoor skate park had been empty, as Addison had requested, and paid for, so it had been just the two of them. It had deepened quickly, from friends with benefits to lovers, and they'd both welcomed it. So he'd asked Tria to go public about them, tell everyone about their relationship. Addison noticed her easy return to his old nickname, and released a sigh of quiet relief. Remembering her question, Addison shook his head. Addison sighed, the words opening a fresh wound. That night, Claire stared at her best friend, passed out on her couch. At least not until Tria. Claire pulled a blanket over Addison and stood, turning the television off as she passed it. Addison walked into school the next day feeling better, though not by much. To Addison's surprise, Tria was conspicuously absent from their first class. Their teacher Signor Rizzo, looked stunned when he realized that Tria was absent from class. Addison shook his head, wondering why his teacher thought he'd seen Tria. Addison's suspicions were confirmed when Signor Rizzo asked him to stay after class when the bell rang. Addison bit his lip, wondering just how much to tell his teacher. After a moment, Addison decided to throw caution to the wind. he muttered. he stated neutrally, fearing where this was going. he said after a moment. Addison bit his slightly abused lip and sighed. The remainder of the day was uneventful for the most part. The next two weeks were more of the same. Nonetheless, Addison attempted to catch the dark haired boy alone as often as he could, with no success. Finally, two and a half weeks later and exactly three weeks after Tria had broken up with him, Addison managed to catch him unaware. Addison shook his head, ignoring the sting the words caused. Addison mechanically put on his tux later that night, barely even aware he was doing it. If it hadn't been for the fact that he'd already told his parents he was going to prom, Addison would've crawled into bed and spent the weekend there, wallowing in his sorrow. He spent several minutes speaking to Marie's father, and wondered absently if he'd read the threats somewhere, as the man looked like he couldn't care less if Addison brought his daughter home after one in the morning. She bounded up the rickety stairs, taking them two at a time and then going down the hall at a half jog, throwing open the only door that was closed. How could he have been so stupid as to fall for something that was so obviously fake? Caught up in his self-depreciating thoughts, Addison eventually fell asleep. Addison blinked several times, forcing sleep from his mind as he struggled to make himself believe that the person in his bed was the one he thought it was. Tria squeezed his eyes closed. Addison reached out, skimming his fingers across Tria's cheek. The dark haired boy leaned forward, kissing Addison hard. Addison gave a shaky laugh, pulling Tria over to straddle him. Anyway, like I said, expect more from these boys. I awake to the smell of thick, harsh smoke. I bring a hand up to my mouth and cough violently. I hold my breath and then pull the soot-covered covers off of me before hurriedly forcing myself out of bed. The sight in the hall before me causes me to drop to my knees in despair. I stare at her door helplessly. I crouch down lower–vaguely recalling what one is supposed to do when one is in a fire. I tell him urgently. I look back over to my mother's room. I say as I struggle to pick up Logan's eight-year-old sobbing form. I tell him. I walk down the stairs quickly, but carefully, so as not to drop my brother. I move Logan and myself far away from the burning building before frantically pulling him over to our neighbour's house. I say, my voice shaky with fear. Mr. Thompson answers, as he holds the phone to his ear. I say over my shoulder as I leave their house and run back over to mine. The hungry flames have moved to the front of the house, devouring the front door, blocking the way. Eventually the fire trucks, ambulance and police arrive. I tell them urgently. I am asked many questions by calm voices. My heart is broken, my mind in shock, my body, numb and my life, over. I chewed at the tip of my pencil, staring at the stupid equation before me. I had my math homework sprawled out in front of me on the lunch table, my sandwich inside the brown paper bag lying forgotten at the side. Someone came over and sat beside me. He tore a huge chunk of it off and stuffed it into his mouth. That's right; Nathaniel Sanders is my best friend. Oh yeah, and Tammy Larson is his current girlfriend. he asked, leaning over to look at my homework. I said, staring at him wide eyed. said Nate, ruffling my hair before leaving with Eddie. I guess I should probably mention what AJ stands for. I watched as Nate and Eddie walked out of the cafeteria, past Brenda Wilkins and Courtney Mason. said Courtney, flicking her long blonde hair. Courtney and Brenda are my closest girlfriends. A/N: another classic cliche, I know. So I hope that's clear. Again, though, I have my standards. I looked over at the novel of e. And then he patted me reassuringly. the roommate said, his leg half-raised to deliver a vengeful kick. he said bitterly. Although casual is the name of the game, even I was starting to get a little fed up with my newest beau, mostly because he couldn't be normal for just 3. A voice to the right caused me to look up from my laundry, and I saw a pissed-off looking Jeremy enter the room, carrying a laundry tote of dirty clothes. Although we had seen each other since the initial first impression, we hadn't actually talked. Jeremy laughed again. Jeremy probably went to the football games on Saturday's, while Kay probably smoked in a coffee house. he said softly,  For once, I was the one stunned into silence. Kay didn't know the meaning of fun. I had even revoked my all-access VIP card on the basis that I was sick and tired of wasting another night listening to him talk about himself and only being rewarded with a few minutes of fun. With the key Kay had given me, I let myself into his room, and was startled out of my Kay-hating thoughts by the sight of Jeremy sitting at his desk. Fear not, Kaygan fans. He was majoring in engineering, but was taking a philosophy class this quarter because it interested him. He liked football, and baseball, and his mom's lasagna, and summers at Tappan Lake and Comedy Central and trigonometry. For the record, Jeremy didn't try to get me into bed with him, either, when I told him that and started sobbing on his shoulder (the effect of four parts beer, two parts vodka, when I told Kay I couldn't have sex with him because I was going home for the weekend, when I was really partying with my friends and his roommate). Also, for the record, I told Jeremy because I knew he'd understand, having experienced loss before too. I end up saying, at loss for words. My head was feeling really fuzzy at this point, so all I remember is turning and walking away from him. I'm not going to say this is some coming-of-age saga for the ages, but when you realize you're being cheated on, violence (as long as its not in an extreme form) has its own special merit. After such a bittersweet ending to our two-month long relationship, the reactions on campus were still a little bit unwarranted. I asked nervously. James panted heavily, once more burying his head into his pillow as another wave crashed over him. For what must have been the hundredth time since he arrived in his new 'home' he thought back to where it had all started. Twenty days since he rebelled. It began with a glass of milk. Tony had been a good friend of James since they were children. Who could have thought that a glass of milk would be the worst possible thing he could have done? To his surprise, it tasted good. James settled to lay on the couch while his friend put in a movie. When he woke up he was back in his own room in his own home. When the grips of euphoria slowly died down while her squawking chittered on he was struck with a sudden sharp pain in his gut. The cramps refused to die down and only got worse. She ran for the phone, however he noticed that she did not dial 911. She opened this up and inside was several fistfuls of very fine jewelry. It felt good against his fingers…the metals were wonderful, the gems were strong. He awoke later to a shriek and to warmth. To James' shock, he found that he was not being burned. Outside of the fire, the world felt freezing. She looked to the phone as if worried something were to happen, but when nothing did she finally relented. Not even a half-dragon, for no such thing could exist. His mother went on to explain that James was among the youngest dragon by over two-thousand years. James asked question after question but many of them his mother was unable to answer. The day devolved into fighting between the two of them. He broke the countertop with his bare fist, making his mother jump. His mother professed that James' uncle, Roume, was safer to contact than his father. Once they had arrived at the cabin James got nervous. James would try to be careful, and settled himself into a bed in the cabin. The next day the cramps were back, and his jewels were not helping. Everything was peaceful out in the woods. His skin burned like fire, except this time it did not feel pleasant. His head lifted slowly and he looked down at the ground many feet below. With some work he manage to move them, but they felt heavy and lethargic as the rest of his body did. After he gave up on trying moving much he subjected himself to sunbathing. Off in the distance was a roar that caused James to stir. The trees creaked and the woods went silent before a WHOOSH of air surged past James and the massive figure of another dragon crashed down into the clearing. The dragon growled and stepped forward, then snarled. Slowly he felt himself reverting back to a human shape, sitting in the grass as the last painful vestiges were returning to normal. The dragon pulled something off from around his neck and tossed it aside. James received nothing more until they reached the cabin. It was at that point as he tried to stare at the floor to keep from wanting to throw up, that he realized he was sitting rather uncomfortably on a large bony tail and was curled beneath him. I never expected it. I tried desperately to deter him with the truth. So this took me forever to write, and I'm really sorry about that. KrisI woke up Saturday morning to the feeling of something rather heavy crushing my face. he said. Jason shifted his head to face me so I could hear him. I protested. Jason grunted in response, already mostly asleep again. Jason whispered, as though he knew where my thoughts had led. he said, folding his arms over my stomach to rest his chin against them. He sighed and closed his eyes, leaning his head into my hand. he replied. I decided, vaguely wondering how Jason had managed to get naked during the night yet I'd still been partially dressed. I said, stepping back to allow him room to step in. he murmured, and the world felt perfect. my stepmother said with a smile. Peter asked. Peter laughed loudly. Peter added. she said, laying a hand on Jason's shoulder. Peter said quickly, apparently recognizing his own slip. Mary said, smiling brightly at the two of us. he muttered once we were alone in the kitchen. But I reached forward anyway and rolled his sleeves up to keep them from getting wet. Jason remarked dryly when my hands slid slowly up his arms. I turned him around suddenly, guiding him to empty counter space. Suddenly, I heard a loud crash from somewhere behind me. he said in a quiet but firm voice. My father's words caused a flood of guilt to hit me. I said softly. dad asked dryly. I said, cursing silently when I felt my eyes fill with tears. he asked quietly. he murmured. he replied before kissing me hard. We went to a little place a few blocks away from the Aqua Café, the restaurant my dad owns. he said. I said, more sharply than I'd intended. I stared blankly at my glass of water, my heart beginning to feel heavy. Dad said slowly, eyes watching me carefully. Laurie's voice was a low growl, quiet in our statistics classroom no matter how angry she was. The moment the words left my mouth, I wanted to take them back. If it hadn't been for the fact that I knew Jason was waiting for me, I would have fled the cafeteria after Laurie. Jason didn't bother answering, just stood up and walked towards the doors. But despite Jason's casual dismissal of my words, the look in his eyes was lighter and I knew that at least part of what Laurie had been saying was right; I would give up everything else, even her, if it meant making Jason happy. I pulled into Jason's driveway and sighed. Jason ran his hands up my arms and threaded his fingers through my hair. I watched Jason's face silently, my fingers aching to reach out and thread through his, to offer some sort of comfort even though I knew he'd rebuke it. he blurted out. Jason looked ready to bolt, his hand trembling slightly in mine. dad said, obediently following Mary into the kitchen. I echoed, because there was really nothing else to say. Trisha shut the door in my face before I could reply and I rolled my eyes before making my way back to my car. I wanted to start begging for forgiveness, but couldn't bring myself to do it. I heard the phone click off and flipped my own phone shut, dropping it in the cup holder and wearily pulling out of Laurie's driveway. And on the other hand, if I went to Laurie when I knew it would upset Jason, was I putting everything at risk? Still not sure I was doing the right thing, I found myself driving to Jason's house. To my embarrassment, I felt tears burning in my eyes at the path my thoughts took me. I reached Jason's house and was happy to note that his car was still in his drive. I made my way up the stairs to Jason's room and peeked through the cracked door to find him lying on his back, staring at the ceiling, the radio playing quietly in the background. I said, shrugging. He kissed me again and then practically pushed me out the door. I glanced in the room to find Laurie, Graham, Michael, and another guy I didn't know sitting on the floor, in the midst of playing Halo. She turned her head to meet my eyes and suddenly I was pinned beneath her most potent glare. Kyle said, looking at me in an interested sort of way, as though I was a specimen to be studied. It was harder than usual to push down my temper, because I'd allowed my anger to build as she continued to reject me. she said sharply, in that unique tone she has that leaves the listener feeling torn to pieces. Michael said in his calming voice. I muttered. Michael said quietly and Graham lifted his hand in a floppy wave. Jason was silent for a minute as I ran my fingers through his short hair, wondering why the motion was so comforting. Jason said. Jason's eyes fluttered open and peeked up at me. Including:i. When they'd finished, the teenager had pointed out - in better English - the flaws in my plan. I read out loud. With a scowl, I picked up my suitcase and dropped it on the solid wood table sitting smack-dab in the middle of the room. After walking through the rest of the house - which was so rustic I was afraid squirrels were going to come visit - the kitchen was like walking into a chef's wildest dream. As for the appliances themselves, there were the usual ones - fridge, stove, oven, microwave, grinder - but there were a bunch more that I couldn't even begin to identify. From milk to vegetables to maple syrup to frozen dinners to. The wind? Logan smiled. I dropped my head into my hands in defeat. That did it for me. Logan was nowhere to be seen - or heard, for that matter - while I finished packing. He looked up and I was surprised to see a genuine smile on his face. He took another step forward, I took another backward. I yelled. Instead, he ducked his head and took my lips in a searing kiss. I shouted. Before I could comment, however, his hands wandered down to play with my waist. The blue sticky-tab fluttered from his fingers and onto the floor; forgotten. Did Logan forgive Blanche too easily? Disclaimers:* I do not own Chevrolet. Chapter One- NO LICENSE, NO MOCKINGI love summer. Well that was my plan for my summer holidays anyway. Oh oops, there I go again. That annoying high pitched yelling belongs to my angel faced, psychotic little sister, Marissa. Yes, because that idea isn't impossible. I asked with a pout. Gees. Grumbling, I sat up and looked out the window. I sent a questioning look to my mom. That's when I noticed the other car in the car park. I asked, hoping madly that it was a surprise present to me. He paused, as his eyes locked with Mom's, a slight smile played on both their lips at a memory that I didn't know. said the George Clooney look-a-like as he walked towards us. He said with a slightly sheepish smile. I couldn't help but salivate (don't worry, just in my mind) as I stared at the gorgeous male specimen walking up the driveway towards us. Not that I would, because you see, my bestfriend and I have taken a solemn vow not to. Ok, so pretty blonde lady does not equal wife. D) Umm. That must mean his wife is dead. I let my eyes that had strayed to Mr. Clooney Jnr, casually wander back to Nathaniel to find him gazing curiously at me. OHMYGOSH! Then again, it might just be worse. So I'm back with a new story, but this one is completely different from all the other ones that I've written. And here we go. Even the snowfall was different here. I murmured. I heaved a sigh and pressed my foot onto the acceleration again. I asked. Logan rolled his eyes as a smile pulled at his mouth. I had met Logan halfway through my first year of college. Logan was about five-foot-seven with blue eyes and dirty blonde hair, often styled in a faux-hawk. Needless to say, the last ten minutes seemed longer than the entire ride combined. Logan shot me a look. I tapped my fingertip against my chin as I tried to remember where the owner of the house had said the key was. I glanced around carefully, as it was my job to take in all the details I could. In the end, I chose a bedroom with a queen-sized bed and put my pocketbook down on the comforter, claiming it as my own. he replied. As I stepped back into the room, I shut the double-doors to the closet. Finally, when I decided to just get it over with, I dragged myself down the stairs. I snapped. I trudged through the snow, trying desperately hard to keep up with his much larger strides. Logan, without taking his eyes away from the task, took his three-button blazer off and threw it at me. All through my belligerent rambling, Logan had been leading me closer to the tree he had picked out. Logan, however, seemed to be ignoring me. came a voice from behind me. We talked sometimes, as if we were good friends. But he was right, I think. I guess I'd have to stop staring at her lips first. The Tuesday my cousin Ian had flown back to Canada on that second week of summer vacation, I'd phoned Olive. This was always happening to me. she'd answered enthusiastically, and I stopped searching for about half a second to smile. she exclaimed, her laughter chiming across the phone lines. I started to say Bye? And I did. I cleared my throat. She blushed. I offered her, shrugging. I asked, and the charming smile slid right off my face. she amended, and I ruffled her hair in some sort of relief. The lady hmm-ed and repeated the order to the people behind her. Oh, no, it wasn't like that; it was not a lustful sort of staring by any means. She looked up in surprise, and blushed at the sight of our locked hands. They were . She pulled her hands away. I murmured regretfully. I really was going to know everything there was to know about this girl. On Wednesday, I'd asked if she believed in Fate. And today I was going to pose the query concerning the L-word, but I chickened out for whatever reason. I said again. She laughed, and it was suddenly very warm. I'd paid attention that time, and I was really pleased that I did. By Friday, I'd figured out a way to stare at her lips and eyes and still know what she was saying. I'd spent the last three months getting to know her. Did I want to 'know something'? she told me, grinning. Really, I don't know why a kiss on the cheek affected me so much. She kissed me back after a tense pause, and I celebrated inwardly. But she would have none of it, and she tore out of that park as fast as she was able. Who did I think I was kidding? Crap, she was slow. Her whole body tensed. I corrected darkly. Olive swallowed, flushed, shifted, and avoided my gaze. I tucked a curl of her dark hair behind ear. She stared at her shoes pensively before steeling her shoulders. Holy . Her laughter vibrated against my chest, speeding up that beating thing inside it. Well. a. Oh, and as you can probably tell, I'm terrible with handling endings. edited: o5. It seems a bit. SPECIAL WARNING: Mentions hints of non-consensual and some (kinda) described non-consensual. If this isn't your thing then don't read! On the outside people saw me as the most popular guy in our high school. And because of their jobs they were never home, and tried to compensate their lack of parenting by giving me money. Not that I really needed the muscles to make people love me. And that, my peons, is why I am a truly terrible person. So I asserted my dominance every chance I got, treating every kid that tickled my interest like total crap. I always take them up on that particular offer. And before any of you decide to rat me out about shit like  or something equally ridiculous, I'll have you know that I always give them an out. As if I need to rape someone. I just happened to be the kind of person who can. You know the type, they look completely innocent and shy. Just thinking about them on their knees, tears fighting to overflow as they looked up at me, pleading for freedom. Every single one of the boys I have played with turn out like that. I want to laugh at them when they put themselves in such an embarrassing position for me. There is a man who is my Master. I love him. I want him. I remember the first time I met my Master. My yells were instantly muted by the fabric that was shoved and secured in my mouth. The cussing that spewed from my mouth in response was lost behind the gag as I started struggling again. Before I could even think about refusing, he pulled down on the strands on my head so hard I either had to get on my knees or have my hair pulled out. I knelt there as my body continued to stay completely still. But still, something about his presence. I clenched my jaw slightly at the amusement that was clearly heard in his voice. I pulled back as a reflex for an instant when I felt his grip in my hair again. The words I was going to stay died in my throat as my heart started pounding in my chest. I gave a strangled yelp in surprise when I felt his large hand cup my hard dick, which throbbed in my jeans from the contact. I could not process the needy moan that replaced the words I was going to say. I trembled from the sensation, gritting my teeth to try to keep my sounds inside, gripping the fabric of his shirt with my bound hands. I wanted to scream obscenities at him but when I opened my mouth all that came out was a throaty moan. Electricity shot through my body as I felt his tongue shove into my mouth. No. I tried hopelessly to jerk away from his kiss, both hating and absolutely loving every sensation of his wet muscle fighting against mine, forcing my tongue to comply to his every wishes. But there was something about this guy that just screamed power. His body was thin, much thinner than mine, well at least from what I could feel pressed behind me. If I could I would laugh at the irony. The cold air hit my heated skin making my muscles start to shake. I frowned when I heard a strangely familiar snapping sound and froze when a slick finger slid in between the valley of my ass, pausing when it found the ring of my entrance. He started to circle the digit around my hole, causing the ring muscles to twitch in response. That statement was completely different from anything he had said. My cheeks burned in embarrassment. Like a reflex, my body immediately tried to relax as he slowly stretched me out. Holy. I remembered my place instantly when his hand grabbed my wrist and slammed it on the ground. There was some movement behind me followed by the distinct sound of a zipper drawing down. He voice was labored as he pushed inside, pressing in as he circled his hips so he could rub against that bundle of nerves over and over again. He responded with a growl as his pace starting to become intermittent, the clear sign that he was coming to his end. My muscles gave as I slumped onto the ground, grunting as his body fell on top of me. Without a sound or a refute I simply nodded, not knowing if he saw the gesture of not. My heart fluttered as I stared at the door. I had just been fucked by a complete stranger. I have found out quite quickly that he was a cruel Master, who never held back with the harsh treatment, the insults or the taunting. That is the purpose for my hobby now. The truth is, I do it to get Master's attention. He always does it the same way, when I am walking down the hall between classes. That delightful rush gets sucked out of me every single time he appears. I used to turn around after the demand to try to find him, but gave up shortly after. Any plans I had originally were instantly forgotten as I headed to the designated location at the designated time on the dot. When he fucks me it's always in the same position: me bent over something or on my hands and knees with him pounding into me from behind. Especially when he hits that spot inside me. But every time I would try he would stop everything: pulling out and letting go of whatever part of me he had in his grasp, refusing to speak or move until I stop trying to find him. He emphasized his point by pushing into me extra hard and digging his blunt nails deep into the flesh of my ass, sometimes even drawing blood. Either way was heart-shredding, because the conclusion was the same: he would be gone and I would be alone. But as much as I have begged for anything to relieve this pain of not knowing him. After sessions with my Master I always became so desperately frustrated for being denied. I tended to jump around, not settling on a guy for a long period of time. There was one guy in particular that managed to rub me the wrong way. His name was Aaron and man, was he beautiful. Hell even his eyes were better than mine, though I really don't mind as much. Before Master came along, it had been my main goal to break those eyes. But I never achieved it. He did do one thing every time though. Though I stopped doing that not to long afterward. I must be more a masochist than I thought, because the more times I was with Master, the more times I spent with Aaron. I should have left him alone. But with Aaron, I slipped. I was right in the middle of fucking him, soaking in the sounds of his sharp breaths and grunts. Without really thinking about it, I grabbed his shoulders and flipped him around, ramming into him when he was on his back. Fuck, he was beautiful like this. I wanted more from this. My mind blank, I bent down and pressed my lips to his. I frowned when I realized why they were so familiar. I clenched my eyes closed as pain clenched through my gut. My mind felt dizzy from the smell of him, so unbelievably intoxicating. More pain shot through me as the silhouette of the man I imagined to be my love popped into my head. I moved my head to the side and didn't open my eyes until the side of my face was pressed against his. His breath started to tremble against my neck, the movement instantly breaking my shock. He knows now. I was surprised when there weren't any rumors about me, other than the normal ones about how awesome I was. I still avoided him like the plague. So I ignored his presence, like a coward. He must have gotten tired of the silent treatment because he started to brush against my shoulder or even lightly touch my fingers with his own in passing. To make matters worse, Master hadn't tried to contact me since the last time we were together, and that was over a month ago! After about a month and a half I had given up all hope. Man, I have become quite pathetic. One day I was in the middle of class when nature called, so I asked my teacher if I could use the facilities. Silence was the only response I got which made me frown. He sighed then kissed the crook between my shoulders and neck. It was different this time. That wasn't the strangest part of this encounter, though. When we both were utterly spent, we stood there gasping to catch our breath as we both leaned against the cold tiles of the wall, every muscle in our body trembling from exhaustion. I pressed my nose into the skin of his neck took a deep breath causing a shudder from both of us in response. It felt weird to think that considering I never got the chance to get close to him. I rolled my head to the side and squinted in the direction I thought he was, as if the complete darkness would suddenly lighten and I would be able to get a glimpse of him. A few minutes passed in silence, which made my frustration grow. I gritted my teeth until my jaw creaked from the pressure. Several moments passed by and when he didn't move I had the overwhelming need to push him away, believing it was better than letting the stronger urge to pull him close win. My breathing paralyzed in my chest and every muscle refused to function as those words sank into my brain. My mouth was hanging open in shock as my legs buckled causing me to slide to the floor. I skidded to a stop when Aaron appeared in the hallway, most likely hiding a classroom doorway until now. The small smirk morphed into a large smile. Hearing Master's voice come from him slammed everything into place. It was that same chuckle. He reached for my shoulders and pushed me back so we could look at each other. They were so warm, so unbelievably warm, and loving. He averted his gaze at that, and I recognized the fear and insecurity that bordered his eyes. AN: Hi! Finally, it was time for the last song. The composition in which my solo resided contained many solos. I played well. The first movement went well. If a particular composition's story or subject matter was unknown to me, I often made up my own little story or explanation. And I suddenly realized that, as I played, the song was my life. Not now. The solo, my solo, for me, was a claiming of who I could be, who I kept hidden. It was only through years of musical training that I was able to force even breaths of air through my instrument when the reality of what I was doing struck me. Finally, it was here: Senior Year. Because of their multitude of offspring, they've forbidden me from getting an after-school job so that I can focus on my grades and sports, in hopes that one or the other – or both – will get me a scholarship to pay for college. After dropping my thirteen-year-old twin sisters Mary and Martha at the middle school, my brothers and I headed to Henry Fielder, the high school. At school, I stashed my stuff in my locker, then met up with my friends. she pouted as her whole self, rather than just her face, came into my view. she continued, pouting. She grinned back at me. I made my way over to a chair at my friend's table and took a seat. We had block scheduling, which, basically meant we had classes every other day for twice as long. I greeted her. Ashleigh's parents and mine attended the same college and were all really good friends. Rachel was . All these things I could handle. Confession time. I enjoyed the songs. But the second movement was what really got me. Then it stopped. But it was true. Oh gag me. I paused, raking my fingers through my brown hair, hoping the motion would soothe me. Ugh. Ashleigh rolled her eyes . I waved as she skipped off, then decided to head to class as well, even though the first bell had not even rung yet. I muttered under my breath. The first day of my senior year began in much the same way that I expected it would. At school, I gathered with my group of acquaintances, sitting around on the floor of the common area closest to the music wing. I sat between two sub-groups of the larger collective, hoping that each thought I was a part of the other. Yes, unfortunately, I was a closet loner. Sitting there before school, I covertly observed the people milling about the common area. In the hallway, I walked with my shoulders straight, my head only slightly lowered, and my eyes on the ground. So I had struck a compromise with myself, between correct and comfortable. Reaching my first period History class, I checked the front board for a seating chart and, thankfully finding none, took a seat in the second row, next to the near wall. What? Before proceeding, it must be understood that my school was rather atypical in regards to the stereotype presented in books and movies. he continued. I was glad; choosing a partner implied that I possibly wanted to be working with him or her. she chirped. My incomplete sentence was more than enough for her to take charge of the conversation again. I wasn't sure what to say. Prologue0-in which the darkness ends them-do you remember the times when we used toexplore the woods when we were kids? She looked up to find nothing but a blanket of inky shadows covering the heavens in oblivion and solitude, like a barrier blocking them from freedom. A sigh escaped her lips and she closed her eyes, letting the cold stir her hair, tickle her face, and raise goose bumps along her skin. Behind her, he shuffled against their bindings. Both of them stood there in the field full of withering, dead plants. Finally, he gave up and grew limp. Yes, the crowd. Now, they just held their weapons at her. His voice was quiet but she heard it as if he had just screamed down her ear. Instead, she felt him struggling again. However, she felt something warm brush her fingers, it was almost tickling, the way they immediately clung onto her. There was silence after that. Despite being in a horrid position right now, she still didn't regret trying to help him. She tried to ignore the growing pain in her heart. This was the problem with her friend. And she realised just how much she didn't want to die. She didn't want to die. As her mind drifted to thoughts about her friend, she craned her neck to try and see his face for one last time. Darkness. Author's Note: Ah, so you finished Act III and are still reading my stories? Warning(s) for this chapter: Might kill you of fluffiness. Max frowned at the page in front of him. Max shut the book with a snap and leaned his head on the bedpost that he was resting against. A soft snore startled him out of his thoughts, and Max craned his neck around to find out where it had come from. Eddie ignored him, throwing a hand over his eyes in an effort to protect them from the light. A low squeal echoed throughout the room as Max's tickling fingers met their target. The bed creaked as Max pushed away from it. he murmured. Corey Caldwell was supposed to meet him in front of the Physics building at 3:00 sharp. Max turned and held out his hand, and Corey Caldwell shook it. The autumn sunlight lit up Max's smile. Logic succeeded where Max's whining could not. After fifteen minutes of walking, Corey Caldwell stopped under a patch of trees and grass sandwiched between two very old and disused university buildings. Eddie picked up the shin guards from where they were laying and carried them over to Max, who was putting on his maroon and gold jersey. Max exclaimed, tugging at his end of the guards. Eddie glared, but moved out of the way when Caldwell waved his hand. Aha. A brilliantly red sunset illuminated the two figures in the picture. Eric smiled, folded up the magazine, and turned for home, where he knew his two roommates would be celebrating their success. The fight started quickly and sudden; Landon had just cornered the new girl from the public school when he heard one of the twins calling his name. Sam Tennyson stepped forward, making Andrew scowl. However, Landon has his own crew. Sam warned in a low voice, then nodded to the others to take him away before turning back to Landon and Andrew. The baseball field was their place. The fence used to be a lot taller, or it seemed. Now they sat in the same imperfect circle, drinking a beer and passing a joint back and forth. The others chuckled as he used Andrew's famous line against him. Landon didn't even sleep that night. Andrew was still asleep when Landon arrived at his house to pick him up. Andrew ran a hand over his shaved head and snorted. It wasn't that she didn't like school. Dixie however was completely content in being invisible, painting away and escaping the normal high school. She could tell that day would be one of the worst, however. Even though Dixie's real talent was in art, she had gotten in there because she played the cello well. The art department was hated for the fact that they created more than practiced. She would have given anything to be out of music class that day. Mr. Welden had grey hair and an air that was heavy in respect. Everyone watched him quietly as he went back to his podium. Dixie was already hating this. She was already planning on what to say to the principal when she got out of there as Mr. Welden put up the papers that had everyone's partner up. She picked up her instrument and went in the storage room, going for her locker. She blinked at him for a moment before turning around and walking away. Landon watched her walk away with narrowed eyes. Andrew had auditioned because of Landon, but they weren't surprised when Andrew got in for singing. Landon forgot that Eliza had asked him to stay away from home until later that night. His bed felt more than perfect as he sunk into the soft pillows. Landon hung up and pulled a shirt over his head. Just as he guessed, he saw the blue pickup truck that belonged to the twins outside of Tony's. Landon pursed his lips. He soon saw him lock the truck's door. He was still backing out when he looked at the house next to the twins'. Whatever her deal was, Landon told himself that Fred was wrong. Hullo there, guys. For those of you who have read some of my other stories, a similar theme is used in this one. No, wait, don't really sue me; especially for copyright infringement, because I don't claim ownership over Edgar Allen Poe's poetry, the Land Before Time movies, or Ipods. Moving on. While I walked, I anxiously ran a hand through my neck-length hair. Big mistake on my part. I protested. My mom glanced up from her task and shot me a look. I nodded and forced a smile. I pulled my apron back over my head again and tossed it to the side. I took one of my earphones out and listened again, but assumed I had been imagining the voice when I found that the shop was quiet. The boy who had been staring at me as he leaned over the counter stood up straight and took a few steps back. I murmured, finding both my voice and my apron. He had hair that spiked up every which way, and eyes that were the same exact shade brown. I opened my mouth again to reply, but shut it upon realizing what I was doing. He raised an eyebrow. I couldn't help but mirror his expression. my mother said, handing me a freshly-washed plate to dry and put away. I gasped and stared at him as I feigned emotional injury. Derek had only been working at the ice-cream shop for a week, but he and I had already grown comfortable around one another. I accused, turning away so he didn't see the scarlet color on my face. When I walked out into the brightness of the front room, I saw a girl standing at the counter. I raised an eyebrow. She looked back down and continued examining her nails. I pointed over my shoulder and then resumed my spot on the countertop. Kirsten was facing me, but all I saw of Derek was the back of his head. My face suddenly flushed red. When Derek went to sling his arm around her shoulders, he stepped out of my line of sight for a second. My hand wrapped around the dish towel that was placed underneath bowls, mixers, utensils and other things. he asked. I glared at him for a moment, my mouth half open. he spat. I felt the ice-cream seep into my hair when my head hit the tiles. Even when he got his bearings, though, he didn't move. he replied. He and I both jolted when we heard the bell of the door. Frank waited for Derek to scramble and me to equip myself with a mop before he left the store in a rage, the door shutting forcefully behind him. It must've been close to 11 o'clock at night. he murmured, taking a step into the kitchen. He shrugged and hopped up next to me on the counter. Derek rolled his eyes and sighed. Derek insisted. I suddenly stopped caring that I didn't have a life outside of that ice-cream shop. I noted how happy I was that he'd come into the store, scared the ever-loving crap out me, and asked for a job. The End. Cheers, claps, hoots, and wolf-whistles. a scruffy blonde cheered as he half hugged the grinning brunette. She let the hyper boy carry on damaging eardrums while she eased out of his grasp to breathe the cool, cold and electric air. It was Ty's turn to scowl. She was about to retort (cussing, insulting, provoking and maybe a few harmful physical actions included) when a certain scruffy blonde returned to interrupt,  Drew stood beside Ty and his mere presence calmed her considerably. It was incredibly difficult for Ty to keep a straight face while she spoke in a completely innocent, matter-of-fact, 'duhh' kind of voice. Drew wasn't a stable support for long before his shoulder began to shake and quiver with his own rumble of laughter. voices called out, causing Drew and Ty to raise their heads. Two were brunets like Ty, the third a redhead and the fourth black haired. Ty smiled but shook her head,  She smirked slightly as he grimaced at the new nickname his recent hairstyle helped acquire. she scoffed with a knowing grin and eye roll. Drew and Fred had stopped arguing about the importance of having the word 'bestest' as a legit word and were giving Ty sympathetic looks as were Henry, Grant and Jimmy. She said her usual goodbye and walked out of the skate park and waited until she was on the empty sidewalk before hopping onto her board. Her parents were never around, always going off to some island, city, mountain, ocean or whatever leaving Ty with an overly paid sitter she never bothered to remember as they were all different and of a plentiful variety. They valued materialistic goods and status over anything else, even their only child and their own marriage was based on mutual benefits. She was horrible at anything remotely musical and hated piano with all her being. Even though it was a late Saturday night, the streets were quiet and empty. She immediately stopped and whipped her head towards the direction of the sound. They have fucking guns. She was about to kick off the floor and speed away when another group of men in dark clothes emerged from other crevices her brain didn't deem important enough to notice. Ty was completely paralyzed and no matter how much her mind told her to get the fuck out of there, she couldn't move. She noticed that guns were not the only weapons of choice. Too bad for Ty as her luck ran out. Him? Pushing potato launchers out of her mind, she quickly picked up her skateboard and ran for everything she was worth, which could be quite a lot if she were to be held ransom considering who her parents were. Confused, Ty slowed to a stop and gratefully caught her breath. Sighing, she turned around and opened her eyes to come face to chin with a man in dark blue almost black clothes. She barely got a few blocks away when five more people from Blue appeared in front of her and when she turned she was greeted by three more. Ty's eyes darted wildly, looking for any possible way to escape, but none were present unless she could turn invisible, teleport or have superhuman speed or strength to take on the eight burly, threatening men. Shit. As the group in front of her stepped closer, she instinctively stepped backwards, only to fall right into the hands of the men behind her. The only thing she could hear was her own thoughts. One of the men flipped open his phone and spoke rapidly in it before quickly shutting it and stuffing it into his pocket. When the door closed and the car lurched forward, Ty's fight or flight response activated once again. She pulled the handle, kicking back at the people in the crowded car, and her heart sped up when the door actually opened. She used her knee to hit the closest man's most prized possessions and used the extended time to open the door completely and jump out. The car had slid to a screeching stop as soon as she had jumped out of the vehicle and the men who avoided Ty's limbs climbed out. She slowly backed up before turning and running blindly. She took a sharp turn into a narrow street and risked a look behind her. She flew forward, the glass breaking and clinking loud enough to raise the deaf dead. They tried to shoot me. Promising to thank the invention of bottles at a later time, she continued her frantic escape. The gunshot had snapped her mind back together and she was searching for ways to escape instead of running like a mad woman. I'll stop harassing people. she whispered under her ragged breathing. I'm trying something new with this, it's not in 1st person! But in all seriousness, I've been stumped since I finished Hybrid. John pulled his arms tighter about himself and shivered. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to ignore the sound of laughter and conversation that still came from inside. To his surprise, the door that led from the balcony to the inside of the apartment was locked. He yelled, not caring if someone heard. a voice calmly informed him. John said around another shiver. John smiled back at him, nodding in acceptance. While his unexpected host made coffee, John looked around the apartment. John returned the smile and accepted the cup, wrapping his cold hands around it. John managed to smile at him. John said softly, his voice silencing the other man. There may be more about these two later, but that's going to have to wait. Warning: this story is rated MATURE. I've always fantasized about visiting the Sahara and when I finally got there I was shocked. I said in defence,  To be honest I was a bit excited about the concept of travelling and living an adventure. I whined, cutting her long speech and earning myself another disapproving glare. I screamed as havoc erupted around me. I heard voices talking in a foreign language as horses with knights in black came from everywhere. I kept on hearing the screams of men around me and the yells of the raiders, but I didn't know what was happening. As I moved towards my tent, a large black magnificently glorious stallion came into my view and a long figure jumped off the back of the stallion and landed with the grace of a cat on the ground. I screamed hard, my voice hoarse and my throat hurting as I fought against the arms that held me. I sat up in the huge bed and looked around me. With dread settling deep inside of my stomach, I mechanically turned around only to gasp in horror and blush furiously. what exactly? I wanted to smack him, poke him in the eye and pull his hair out of their roots! My plea was cut short as his sound boomed inside the flaps of his tent and almost made me faint. We were still in the stupid Sahara, but the second I stepped out I was surrounded by men. The sheikh said something in Arabic and his men started to laugh. Advice? I could feel my heart thumping heavily inside my ribcage. I scoffed at him. The women placed the tub in the middle of the tent and the one the sheikh talked to, Amar, tried to usher me inside the tub. I smirked in triumph and raised an eyebrow while looking at the remaining five women. Couldn't the damned man speak in English! The six women scurried outside without even glancing towards me, leaving me alone with the sheikh. Did he just make it sound like I'm dirty? I squealed when his hand took hold of my wrist and dragged me out of bed. I looked at the sheikh with big eyes. Before he could finish his sentence I was out of the water. I was shocked and rendered speechless as I looked at him. His hands took hold of my wrists again and I was hauled off the ground and dragged back towards the tub. I wanted to get up again, but what I saw in front of me made me turn into a gaping idiot. His hands left my waist to my delight and I sighed in relief. I clenched my fists tightly, my nails painfully digging into my palms as I felt his hard chest pressed firmly against my back, his lower body nestled shamelessly between my parted thighs. Why is he doing this to me? I shook my head as I reaped the same word over and over again. His hand came around my waist and he hugged me tightly against his chest. his hand started drawing circular patterns around my nub. Feeling my head becoming too heavy for my neck to hold, I placed it on his shoulder. I whimpered pathetically. I shook my head. His other hand held a chunk of my hair and raised my head. Full Summary: Charley Thomson has just about had it with jocks. I rolled my eyes in disgust. Not only did he obviously plan this whole break up date, he had to go all out and bring me to my favourite restaurant (The Last Samurai) too and do it here. I knew I shouldn't have said 'yes' the first time he asked me out. Well, actually, I wouldn't mind it so much if it wasn't so horrible. And. I didn't care if everyone at the restaurant thought I was crazy. This was ridiculous. God, I'm horrible. Ever since Erin started dating Tyler, they've been inseparable. Then. I'm happy for her—she found the one jock in the world who isn't (that much of) a jerk—but I also envy her. I laughed, relieved that she could still answer the phone with her usual quirkiness. I recited fluently like a dictionary. Erin argued in a small, feeble voice. I spotted my house a few blocks from where I was standing. Naive kids, they were. Suddenly, the lights from the other bedroom were flicked on, and I saw the door to the make-out couple's room fling wide open. I growled at him and picked up a random rock to chuck at him. That's the understatement of the year, I thought, I freaking despise you! I dashed away from him and that house as fast as I could. That. I had completely forgotten about Erin on the other line. This has been one hell of a night. That word. I seethed, glancing back at Felix's retreating form with a strong amount of loathing in my eyes. It was nearing dinner time and a young girl was enjoying her horse ride. The De Castel family was entertaining a visitor from America. Darius is quiet and unassuming, but difficult to ignore. In the family room, Darius and Elena were enjoying each other's company until her mother interrupted them. Elena wrinkled her nose in annoyance. Alexandra just rolls her eyes. Alexandra was about done when she notice a well dress aristocratic looking man walking into the stable. Alexandra's attire hid her womanly figure well and with her hair stuck in a cap she could easily see how he would mistake her for a young boy. Alexandra walks stiffly and pretends to be bow legged. Darius nods to her. When she was far enough, she burst out laughing. Elena wrinkled her nose when she saw her sister. Darius's eye grew wide and his mouth went into a frown. Darius took a closer look at the younger sister. Darius was very passionate when it comes to race horses. Alexandra looks up. Alexandra's tears started falling and she runs up to her room upset. oh fuck SHINY PRETTY WATCH! books, hide by door. lot like metal. AUTHOR'S NOTE: Okay, okay! Patrick blinked a couple of times in surprise as he stared at his computer screen. Never posted on this before, but what the hell? Holy shit! he squealed in an impersonation of her. Ciao, Pietro! Patrick dropped his forehead onto his desk and thunked it up and down a few times. Aldercy, Earl of Burnell knew he was in love…. him of the old… of his dead wife and what could have been. it's at Penhurst, Saturday at noon". as if spellbound. of Chapter One! turn. Hey, folks, this is a preview of Scarred for Life, so it's just the first three chapters. AN EARLY SPRING IMPLIED the year had promise. The neighborhood kept up that façade. Would everything be so sweet if people knew a former predator roamed their fair streets? Dull eyes glanced at each house. It was possible that somewhere in all of those prim yards, tidy driveways, and immaculate houses, there was a family that was generally all right. Children played on the other side of the street. Youthful eyes stared at her as she came through. The ratty, rusted bike she pushed screamed its condition every inch of the way. Having become an expert in ignoring people and shutting out the world, Dane pressed on, small jolts of pain shooting through her knee as she did so. The home she sought was several houses down. Dropping her bike at the bottom of the steps, she scaled the low stairs to the porch. Peering at the driveway, she noted a luxury black Mercedes sedan parked there. Dane was about to sit down on the stairs and wait. Snickering, she shook her head and replaced her wallet. A pair of car doors slamming echoed throughout the quiet neighborhood. A groan followed the plummet. She could feel Tyler's eyes on her, checking out her ass as her black dress rode up her legs a little more. She flinched at the casual use of her nickname. These dates were the norm for them now. Tyler purred, wrapping his arms around Nicole's slim waist and pulling her to his larger form. Tyler said, reaching out for her. Tyler's shoulders slumped and he pouted as she retreated upstairs. Everything in her beige-colored bedroom was immaculate by design. Nicole thought about how Tyler always littered her house in some way. she said. Tyler missed the hint, because he leaned over to her side as soon as she lay down. he whispered, kissing her cheek and trying to turn her around to him. He was probably wondering what the hell was wrong with her, especially since she had never denied him before. Her head throbbed. he said with a deprecating shrug. Nicole balled up her hands into fists, but counted to ten deliberately in her head. Tyler grunted. The honeymoon period was definitely over. Once he moved in, she learned about habits of his that clashed with her lifestyle, but she continued to see him. There were lights on upstairs and a familiar, two-door, red Porsche settled in front of the house. Tyler stood in the doorway in his orange boxers, white V-neck t-shirt, and socks. She rolled her eyes. Tyler's hand on the door shook. She shrugged. No one usually went beyond two days in keeping her. Nicole awoke to something poking her in the back. she growled. A guttural noise escaped Nicole. Deciding not to let him ruin her morning any more than he had, she walked to the bathroom in the master bedroom, clicking on the light. Water continued to run, but the scraping of the toothbrush ceased. Her head throbbed. Nicole didn't wait for him to get dressed. She ignored him and rushed back upstairs, leaving the front door unlocked. Tyler grumbled that five-letter word again while marching down the stairs and out of the house. Shaking her head, she finished her morning ritual, going on to brush her wavy hair. Nicole spun around, her heart palpitating seeing a stranger standing in her doorway. A light breath could've felled Nicole. All men are dogs, I decided, as I pushed my way to the front of the ridiculously overcrowded bar. he informed me and I paid him the money. Not tonight though. The truth was that I was in love with my best friend. But things were never simple and I no matter what I felt for him, I could never tell him the truth. I knew I couldn't exactly blame him but it had really pissed me off that he'd started seeing Sandra Cohen lately. I had tried to warn Josh against her but unfortunately, my attempt had only sparked an argument between us. I forced the thoughts aside though. Scanning the club, I tried to locate my friends but it was difficult to see in the semi darkness. Startled by his interruption, I subconsciously turned to face my friend before realising I'd just lost. he commanded, grabbing my hand and dragging me towards the throng of bodies on the dance floor before I could object. We danced for two songs in a row before a slow song came on and Ralph disappeared to get himself a drink. I whirled around, stunned. he challenged. Thankfully, the man was still asleep – what was his name? In our tiny university town, it was usually easy to distinguish between the students and the locals but for some reason, this guy looked like neither. Last night, he had looked like an extra from an N'sync video in his blue polo shirt with its collar turned up and brown corduroys, topped with his short spiked blond hair. Better yet, I made a mental note never to do this again. I sucked in a deep breath. I called and walked out of door before he could say anything else. I've always played by the rules. He wasn't my friend, but I knew enough about him to think I knew who he was. He wasn't popular. It was snowing that day. He pushed himself to his feet, one hand firmly pinching the bridge of his nose. I told him, trotting after him. I don't like hurting people unintentionally. He was at one of the low porcelain sinks washing one bloody hand, paper towels pressed firmly to his nose with the other. At first he didn't answer, just turned off the tap and reached for more paper towels to dry his hand. I stood there looking at him for a long time, hoping he would tell me it was okay so that I could pretend he wasn't lying and my guilt would go away. There was a silence. The day had started badly, and it progressed the same way. My chair scraped back; four steps across the room and I slammed Orion against the wall, gripping the front of his shirt. I hit him in the gut, hard. I agreed. I dreamed about him that night, smirking at me and making jackass comments about my sexuality. I would have thought that not seeing Orion anywhere the next day would have helped somewhat, but it didn't. That plan didn't quite work out the way I had hoped, because in my expectation I had forgotten to take into consideration recent developments. I sighed, knowing this would go nowhere. We ended up going back to his house, where his little Korean mother force-fed me tea before letting us escape to Kylar's bedroom. I suppose the problem with every relationship I'd ever been in was that I'd only dated the guys because they expressed interest in me first. After one particularly heavy kiss that involved a lot of (rather awkward) petting towards my multiple belts, it struck me that sex with Kylar didn't even interest me anymore; I was hardly even aroused by his attempts at intimacy. I perched on the edge of the bed and watched him pull a blanket around himself. Looking somewhat dazed, he also stood, still wrapped in his blanket, and hugged me. I didn't know what to say. I would have laughed at the absurdity of this if it didn't kind of make me want to cry. And yeah, I know this kind of behavior doesn't normally go on in reality. should ask him yourself. thinks you're really hot. Oh, who am I kidding, I'm terrified! This will be my first plane flight. This will fun. A man with a scowl on his face caught my attention, and for a moment took me out of my funk. I crossed and re crossed my legs, as I continued to openly stare at him; I really had no shame sometimes. My heart sped up, the time was coming closers. The guy who I had been starring at was standing next to me; he seemed to avoid making eye contact. Sluggish? This wasn't so bad. He must have noticed my slight moment of panic, he was nice to try to calm me down, at least I think that's what he's doing. Shifting my eyes, I could see Mason holding out a piece of gum for me to take, but I couldn't move, he sighed. I could feel him smile as I closed my eyes. my words were met by one of his lovely grunts; maybe there was a screw loose because, oh my, it made me bite my lip. Hot dog, he liked me! That did not sound good. I don't know why I did it. my voice came out surprisingly steady for how nervous I was, I played around with the seat belt, unbuckling it for something to do with my hands. It was nice to stand and stretch out my legs, Mason had my bag down and handed it to me as I passed and made my way to the line for the tiny airplane restroom, it seemed that others had the same idea that I had. The restroom had barely enough room for me to change, and I'm sure that the noises I was making might earn me some looks when it comes time that I have to leave this tiny box. My leg began to shake up and down, as I felt the plane slowly and get lower to the ground. I was here. Really excited…and I mean it this time. Please Leave Me Some Love, Your Reviews and Feedback Make Me Happy! Hope you enjoyed it! I never really wondered how a name like 'Johan' might affect a child, until I was staring right at him. I gave it to him quickly. For all his distaste of organized sports, he sure did play B-ball well. He said, and even as far as I was, I heard the guys snicker. with"? Ethan twirled the hall pass around in his hand, making a point to slow his pace to a near crawl as he walked through the halls of Everwood High School. Oh well. Which was stupid, honestly. Pushing open the bathroom door, Ethan tried to focus his thoughts back to a topic that didn't revolve around his new and increasingly unhealthy obsession, Sean. He had this amazing golden hair that he'd grown out a bit lately instead of wearing it in its usual buzz cut, and these gorgeous sky blue eyes. Yup. Ethan froze, his eyes glued to the sight that he'd unwittingly walked in on. He knew he should look away. Sean, the school jock, the straightest, crudest, most unrepentant asshole he knew was getting a blow job from a guy. But Sean, gay? Even worse, though, he knew most of the reason his feet seemed to be refusing to take orders from his brain was because it was too preoccupied with whatever was going on in his pants. Crap. Ethan swallowed hard as he glanced to his left, realizing why he wasn't able to pull the door open. Taking a deep breath, Ethan cursed inwardly as his mouth betrayed him, letting out a small squeak. Well, whatever. God, he had amazing eyes. Fuck, the guy was close. Ethan stuttered, knowing in all actuality, he really wasn't. Ethan blinked, his brows creasing in confusion slightly. Sean said, his eyes doing a quick sweep over Ethan's body. Ethan blinked, realizing Sean must've thought he'd gotten all hot because of the other boy that had been blowing him earlier. Ethan nodded hurriedly, unable to believe Sean wasn't going to beat the shit out of him. Ethan froze, his heart skipping a beat as he heard Sean call out from behind him. For a second, Ethan contemplated saying, , before his common sense kicked in and made him realize saying that would only get him the ass-beating he'd somehow managed to avoid. Forcing himself to leave, Ethan hurriedly pulled open the bathroom door, his whole body shaking as he tried to remember the way back to his physics class. Coming to a stop, Ethan shrugged off his jacket, balling it up and holding it in front of him as casually as he could. I know you all have seen them; the typical romance movies. So here's how the story goes. Two best friends, both quite average. That friend doesn't listen. My final scenario is the ever popular two individuals who are from two very different worlds. Now you have to believe me, it's true right? You want a true love? Amelia sighed with a small smile. Maggie bowed down herself as if to imitate her future. Maggie shrugged as the two departed. Quickly flattening the dollar, Amelia pushed into the machine. Many students glanced at the angered girl, fighting for her chocolate. Amelia glanced at the skinny girl with glasses sitting in the front row. Amy moaned, dropping her backpack. On the top floor she could hear her mother trying to break the two step sisters up from their daily fight. 9-20-2015: Hi all :) I have finally done a full read through of this story with the purpose of cleaning it up. -Deleted old author's notes at the beginning and ends of chapters. That being said, to new friends, Welcome, and to old friends, Welcome Back. That was my usual mantra, but today was made even worse by the lingering sensations of the dream I'd been having. Twenty minutes and fresh clothes later, I emerged from my room. That wasn't a surprise. I sighed, the sound bouncing around the empty kitchen, and decided to get started on the day. Tommy was my opposite, small, dark, her black hair pulled back in a tight French braid. There was nothing more interesting to do then watch Tommy stock candy bars and energy drinks. I grimaced. As I hit the send button I wondered again if maybe I was really the delusional one. Nuthin' was the almost immediate reply. Not watching a movie? Nah. Hmm, I wrote, as if I actually needed to think about what I was wearing. I grinned. I thought about telling him the truth this time. I'll bet you would, I thought, and keyed in a noncommittal Mhmm followed by a timely, I have to go. Probably. I went back to watching Tommy, who had grabbed the mop and bucket. Tommy jumped and gave a very girlish shriek before whirling around. I stared at them in fascination. At home, I headed straight to my computer to check for messages. I had two from Tagged. I rolled my eyes. Hey yourself, I replied for the second time that day. HOT I responded. Uh-oh. J: Oh. Jewels: I don't really like Magic Mountain. I'm good, Ernie told me. I continued to ignore J even though he was already asking if I was back. I felt a giggle bubbling up inside me as Alex tugged me away from all the people in the tent and out into the cool night air. Straightening, I looked at him, his pale face just about the only thing visible in the darkness, and then, by unspoken agreement, we ran. The ground was hard under my back and lumpy with what I hoped was rocks rather than sheep poo. I wasn't, though, we both knew that. I looked up to see him fumbling in his pocket and the next second he pulled out a medallion about the size of a 50 cent coin made of polished, honey coloured wood. This was what I'd wanted for so long, but Alex had shown no signs of feeling the same way. AN: This story will deal with suicide attempts and several sexual situations, you have been warned. Summary: Julienne floats through life quietly hoping to be ignored. He had been bullying her for the last two years, since the first day she stepped foot into that high school. Her mother tried to help over the years but Julienne Teller was a lost cause after all and a coward. She cried for hours when the dreaded night finally arrived. Julienne combed her normally unkempt, long, black hair and refused to do anything more. She stared blankly at her mother and said nothing; she never said anything during incredibly tense moments. Julienne forced her grey eyes up and smiled unsteadily at the woman as she shook her hand. at the mention of it she tightened her sweater tighter around her chest. Julienne stepped back. The doorbell rung again and he let her go. Michael wasn't an only child after all. Julienne's body started to shake with rage. It started off like all the others; she went into the fridge and pulled out all the supplies. Her red blood dripped into the pretty green lettuce. Rating: M, mostly for language, but, of course, nothing stops me from practising other debaucheries here as well. Warnings: Slash. The sound of rain at midnight. We nearly miss the train, because Lilla – as always – knows how to choose the most inconvenient time to start rebelling against me and my absurdly stupid ideas. I make it, managing to jump on the train just when it begins to move. a sour-looking middle-aged woman asks me with an evil eye. I retort over my shoulder before moving on. I wrap my comfortably worn woollen jumper around Lilla and fold her in my arms like a baby. Uh, stupid as hell. But today is one of those days. My mobile goes off before I manage to find an answer to that nightmarishly ambiguous question. I put the phone away and just sit, staring out in the rain again. Perhaps. Poor Stephen. Well, no more. The Clayhill Station. I chuckle, but obediently follow her through the crowd, nodding half-hearted greetings all around me as I go. Once we've made it to the car Anna indeed parked , I let Lilla out of her crate and walk her along the street while Anna stuffs my things in the car and runs to the corner shop to buy . Except maybe to Anna. She takes the driver's seat and Lilla and I share the passenger side. She gives me a sharp look, clearly to see if I actually am a miserable wreck. I bite my lip and look out the window, following Lilla's curious gaze over the fields and towards the lead-tinted sky. My childhood home sits there at the end of our drive-way, primly and properly white, neat and tidy. Despite everything, I feel a foolish smile taking over my face. I sure as hell didn't plan any of this, which makes it all the more blissful and suitably dream-like. , I tell Anna, giddily leaning against her. Yes. Tomorrow. Shawn shook his head. At lunch time, Shawn took up his usually spot, hidden between the fence and the hedges to wait out recess. Shawn stared wide-eyed. The next week was Christmas vacation – Shawn hated it. So Shawn's dad hid away and Shawn did his best to stay unnoticed. Later in the day, he put on his jacket and boots and went outside. Shawn considered running back to his house, but it looked so dark and unwelcoming down the street. Shawn didn't hear the rest, he escaped back out the door, mortified and worried he had done something wrong. Shawn shook his head. Six-year-old Shawn, used a chair to stand on, getting into the kitchen cupboards to pour himself a bowl of cereal on Christmas morning. There was a tap at the window and Shawn jumped nervously, eyes flashing over. Shawn shyly took the box and unwrapped it under Ryan's expectant gaze. Ryan pushed him. Mrs. Hannah stopped what she was doing, frowning at the top of the stairs were Ryan had disappeared. Ryan shoved his face into the pillow when he heard his mom call for him and knock at the door. Ryan insisted. They say that the first day is always the hardest, and as I walked through the halls of Harrison academy I had the feeling that this statement would turn out to be more then true. I did finally make it down to the office in one piece, which I was extremely grateful for; not that I should really be worried that someone was going to eat me alive. Once I walked into the hall I realised that there was no chance I could find my way, the school was huge and I didn't understand the classroom system yet. For one the voice that spoke was female, and the person I ran into was most definitely male, I don't think girls can get that buff. I looked over at him, and felt myself blush although I'm guessing it didn't really show, it never usually did. Jordan just laughed at my reaction, and grabbed my hand shaking it. I watched in somewhat amazement as she still managed to look good while for lack of a better word stomping. Jordan went to leave then turned back. People always assumed I was one of those girls who got crushes on the popular boy, or whatever and spent every night dreaming that he would notice me. The point of what I'm saying is, guys like him just never did it for me and I was glad to say that they had never really tried before and doubted that they ever would. I did eventually find the classroom that I was looking for; I was only late by like half an hour. It started to grate on my nerves after a while, I really felt like I was going to break but that would just be my mind causing more trouble. I nodded and smiled at the girl, who returned my smile with a bright and genuine one of her own. She scrunched her nose up for a second as if in thought and then smiled before tugging me down the hall once again, this time I guessed she knew where she was actually going; or well I hoped that she did. We eventually what I guessed was the cafeteria and being an Aussie girl I had exactly been prepared for the massive size of it. Pulling me over to a table near the back, I started to feel my anxiousness coming back. Once I was finally standing in front of the table with Heather beside, I suddenly forgot how to breathe. I pulled myself out of their conversation and looked around at the other tables near us. Callum laughed and plonked himself into a seat, smiling widely at everyone at the table. I just hoped I would be around her more to find out; after all I really did need friends, being a loner didn't seem like fun. Here I was, dressed in my pajamas; a white v-neck and light blue pants with yellow ducks on it, sitting on the hard concrete sidewalk with my butt stinging in pain from the impact as the bells of Springway High School rang, informing me that I was officially late for school. I blamed my legs for not being able to run fast enough. Well, okay. A hand appeared in front of me. Mr. Stranger said with a smile on his face as he pulled me up. I called out to the security guard, my arms out stretched. The fact that I didn't even have time to brush my hair this morning added to why my extremely dark-brown hair looked like a complete disaster. Ignoring the several shouts from the class, Mrs. McDuffe, my AP U.S. History teacher, turned to face me. When Springway High came into existence decades and decades ago, so did its tardy policy. I glanced at the clock hanging above the doorway and noted that she was right. Mrs. McDuffe continued. I looked at the class with watery eyes, filled with happiness. I saluted and ran over to my seat in the middle of the classroom. Shit, shit, and once again, shit. Eric Torres raised an eyebrow at me and gave me a concerned look. He was right. I moved my gaze up and saw my best friend smiling at me, her hand on her gigantic purse. The people that were sitting on the table behind us, turned their heads around to look at me. Right. Automatically, I looked down. But she wouldn't settle with that answer. I took it as a compliment. I kept a straight face while my mind was going insane (my mind has been overdosing on the word 'shit' all day). Sadly, Grandma didn't seem to believe my lie one bit. I found myself darting my eyes around my living room and examining it to keep myself from looking at my grandma. Grandma said, folding her hands together. It took me a minute to register what she had said-my mind was too preoccupied with how I was going to ever get out of this lie of having a boyfriend. Thunk, thunk, thunk. Orange is dead because I forgot to feed him this morning. I said with furrowed eyebrows. A/N: Hey guys! The next thing scheduled for an update is MTFBWY, but I think I might stray from my rotation and update LTF next, because I'm feeling more motivated for that story right now. It was so cold outside that I could see my breath. It was only six fifteen, but it was already pitch black outside. A couple walking a few feet in front of me clung to each other for warmth. I frowned but did as Megan instructed. I answered. At the mention of my favorite restaurant, my hands began to shake in excitement. Remember how I said I didn't want a boyfriend? my step-dad Craig said with a chuckle. I blushed. Not two minutes later the sexiest man alive came sauntering up to our table. Zach nodded and then looked to Megan. he asked. Megan burst into my bedroom, the home phone held up to her ear, one hand over the speaker so whoever was on the other line couldn't hear her yelling at me. I turned to face her and saw that she was wearing a very amused expression. I said. the woman said. At first I said nothing. I said uneasily. I said. Megan frowned. I knew. I did want to. I sighed. I wasn't sure whether I should be really happy or really scared. On my first day of training, I was introduced to the two people that I was sure to be spending most of my time working with. I shook her hand and looked between the two of them curiously. I said in surprise. The mother of the family replied and Taylor signaled for me to grab four menus from the front desk. Once the family was seated and I had forced myself to calm down, Taylor led me back to the front and told me to take the next group that came in. I said in my most cheerful voice to the family approaching. a woman with a warm smile said to me. I said to the family of three. I walked back to the front of the restaurant swiftly, just in case Zach was nearby. Worried that Zach would see me, I grabbed a menu and hid my face in it. Taylor said, appearing from nowhere. I lied awkwardly. Zach smiled at me. I blushed. I shrugged. I shrugged and blushed, thinking of my strange encounter with Zach and what Taylor had said about him acting extra charming. Megan ended up being right about at least one thing…Zach and I did become sort-of-friends after a while. I almost always worked with Tyler and Taylor, but very rarely did I get a shift at the same time as Zach. It was one of these days that I realized just how hopeless my feelings for Zach were. he was saying to the young girl seated in the booth. With my mood effectively dampened, I walked slowly into the bathroom and stayed in there for a good ten minutes before coming back out just so I wouldn't have to see Zach again. When we got home, I immediately got on my computer and started up the Sims. The next week, while I was working, I had the misfortune of showing Caprese Salad girl to her table. I said half-heartedly before returning to the front podium. Zach followed my gaze and his eyes landed on Caprese Salad girl. I looked back at the girl in question. Zach said, that irresistible smile of his never faltering. I was about to pass out from cute-Zach-overload when Taylor bumped into me. Tyler said loudly. Taylor frowned. The rest of the night ended up being pretty uneventful until near the end of my shift. Tyler had finished his shift about two hours before Taylor and I were scheduled to finish, so it was quiet. I shrugged. It was strange seeing him in normal clothing. I wrinkled my eyebrows a little, but then realized that it probably wasn't that weird that Zach came to eat at Red Robin on his night off. I grabbed the first plate of food off the tray and observed it. Zach laughed. Zach said. I said quietly. I looked at him curiously. I stared. I didn't need to be told twice. I nodded and stumbled out of the back room. Zach said. I blushed yet again, but this time I didn't even try to hide it. I admitted, blushing some more. he casually said with a shrug. I practically ran to the bathroom and back because I was so anxious. When I was ready, we got into Zach's car (a slightly crappy 1995 Toyota Corolla) and he drove us to the movie theatres. I had work the very next morning. she said. I shuffled around nervously. Zach's smile grew wider. I gave them incriminating looks and thought about prying further, but I figured I could infer what had happened between them easily enough and it wasn't really my business anyway. I shivered slightly at the memory. Of course they turned out to be right. Our second date was as unexpected as the first. After thoroughly reprimanding Megan for pulling such a scheme, I scrambled to find a worthy outfit. When I got back downstairs, Zach was talking to my step-dad. Zach laughed. For the next five minutes, Zach drove and I stared out the window, not really sure what to say. I stared. Zach asked. We had been at the fair for nearly four hours, and we'd ridden on almost every ride. Before I could protest, he grabbed my hand and started slowly dragging me towards the line to the Ferris wheel. I groaned when the wheel began to move. I said as calmly as I could. my wedding dress. hesitant. Sure, some people think differently, but I'm going to stick to my guns, love only comes once a life time. That was the position I found myself in the summer after high school. I'm not sure why people deny themselves of happiness, but for some reason we do. Anyways . AU: WELCOME TO THE SEQUEL OF MY INTERNATIONAL SLIP UP. Audrey and Ariella are still the best of friends, and about a year after their stay in Greece, lo and behold, they (literally) ran into Bram. After that fire ignited, it still burns to this date. As for the other one, well, he had his own little thing too. I'm seventeen now, and it's been 10 years since that summer. I guess I was just so focused on studying and drawing and stuff that all the little things involved with being a teen flashed by me. And so, here I was. And I'm perfectly fine with admitting this. Damn. (We don't have that sort of technology yet. Anyway, back to this room. Burglar? But they didn't. I heard moaning (ew. Have I ever mentioned the fact that I hate when people call each other 'baby'? Thief? Yeah. I heard more yelling, that I decided to ignore. the boy—wait… man? Unfortunately for me, my eyes connected with his, and I could feel the hate transfer into me like electrons through a conductor. This will not bode well. Everyone, that is, except for her daughter, Scarlet, who lay peacefully sleeping upstairs in her chambers, unaware that the peach cobbler she'd eater at dinner had been drugged. She looked up at him, towering above her, with sunken eyes. I shouldn't have come here, brought my daughter here. But her pleas were spoken in vain. he said in a low, calm voice. "You were only eighteen, weren't you? "But I, my dear, could be a strong husband for you, as I have told you countless times. He's bluffing. He felt rage growing inside him. He looked out the window. He walked to the unconscious woman who was slumped in his favorite stuffed chair, and picked her up into his arms. The night was peacefully calm, the aroma of magnolias and gardenias sifting through the air. He lay Juliana across Phantom's back and got up onto the horse. He dismounted and pulled her down, into his arms. Her eyes suddenly flew open. She threw her arms frantically about her, trying to hit him. He spit blood out of his mouth. Carefully, he set her down on her back and climbed over her. He went slow, savoring the moment, wishing that they were in his bed, wishing that she was awake, reaching for him, caressing him, loving him. He kissed her neck and smelled her hair one last time, and quickly, before he started to doubt himself, threw her unconscious body over the side of the bridge. He ignored her while he drank his brandy, hoping she'd go back to bed. I knew who he was – well, vaguely – and he was right, I was in his seat. I muttered. I smiled smugly and went back to my work. It was because I was tired of arguing that I moved, not because he'd won or that I was impressed with his argument. And so it began. We didn't speak for a while but I couldn't stop myself from smiling. I said, taking my pen back. I teased, attempting to grab my work back but failing. Over the next few days he came to the library and we talked for a bit but then finished our essays/homework. And slowly I began to crush on him. But one morning he didn't appear. So I cautiously walked up to the library the minute I go into school and peered through the window at the top of the door. he said, placing the book on the table. I asked rudely, suddenly lunging forward to grab my book back. I stared at him. I said. And secondly, I am soooo sorry I haven't posted anything in ages! Oh, and I'm really sorry for the bad summary. If there was one thing that Princess Deirdra could not stand, it was her father discussing her upcoming marriage with Prince Emirgon like it was something she had begged for. On her sixteenth birthday, which was merely two months away, she was to get married to Emirgon. What bothered her the most, though, was that, despite the closeness of their kingdoms, she did not think she had even seen him since their initial (and, to her, forgotten) meeting. The one thing that she had to fall back on was her all-too-inappropriate sword fighting lessons with the one person she trusted beyond all others in the castle – Swords Master Riloyis. As soon as her first dress fitting was over with and her father was done with his banter on the other side of the folding screen about how wonderful her soon-to-be husband was, she changed as quickly as she could into more comfortable clothes – a pair of trousers and a simple blue shirt and her well-worn riding boots (which really did not see that much action). Deirdra trudged down to the training room where she knew Riloyis was waiting. When she burst through the doors, Riloyis was there on the other side of the room, leaning against the wall by the practice swords. The swords master did not lift his dark brown eyes to her when she entered. The two of them went over ten rounds. She did not drop her sword. There was a little cough from her maid, a little more forceful than when she cleared her throat. They emerged into the yard of the stables where there were a few horses out being exercised. More than you might think, was what he almost said. And that hurt. Then a thought came back to her mind that she had been thinking on and off for years. Still, nearly every time Riloyis had left, she had watched from a distance while the two of them rode off. If beaming is a synonym for 'glaring' that is. I've never really been to a dance before but I decided I might want to check this one out – my boyfriend Emerson and I have never exactly been out on an official date even though we've been going out for two years. I lean down and start unstrapping my rollerblades from my feet, trying not to move too quickly as I actually got my hair done. At least none of the people who have tried to talk to me. Or probably not seeing as I'm not really prone to violence but it's still kind of a fun thought don't you think? The music fills the air and I swing my arms around idly as I look about the dark room, wondering where I should stand and wait for him. No matter what you say to her she will just not go away and if you insult her be ready for a mile long lecture on how much of an ass you are and how you should go about fixing it. Another thing about Clarissa Reid is that she's a sadistic witch with a capital B. Everything that spouts out her mouth, hurting other people's feelings in the process? It's just she's right. He's just like that guy off of Flubber; absent-minded. He hasn't shown. I can see her coming up to me right now and looking so happy I want to punch her in the face for it. Before she can respond I head for the door where everyone else is heading, snatching up my bag and leaving the dance hall. Sighing and shaking my head, trying to shake my anger away, my eyes land on a guy in a tuxedo coming right for me on his skateboard. I step away from his arms again and shake my head. I shake his hands off, giving him one last look and not liking what I see in his eyes. I can tell from the look of him he's got a lot more to say. I'm okay with this. I sigh, opening my eyes and walking inside. Well that's a little harsh. Or in my friends' presence but seeing as all of my friends are friends of Emerson's…they happen to spend a lot of time with him and seeing as I am avoiding Emerson, hanging around them would be counterproductive. Sighing, I grab a towel and wrap it around myself, tying it together and unlocking the door. When I get in my room though, what I find is not just my cousin, who is sitting on my bed, lip-gloss at the ready – but my boyfriend sitting in the middle of the room in a dress, his once messy blonde hair flattened down and pressing to his forehead. Emerson has full on pink lips, the same colour pink as the lip-gloss in my cousin's hand; when she hears footsteps she looks up at me and smiles guiltily. Which I in equal parts felt satisfied and bad for. Rolling my eyes I grab the clothes I'd left outside the bedroom to change into and go back in the pull them on. He says, his voice getting softer now but I'm not letting myself fall for it. I mutter, looking away from his angry eyes to glare at my cousin some more. But I don't want to see him. I can feel his eyes burning into the side of my face. I press my lips together at the thought and feel my heart clench. Well. He agrees to my surprise and snagging my hand he drags me out of there, my cousin and her friends watching after us before running over to the window to spy. I press my lips together again, fighting back a gulp. Emerson's brows furrow and he drops his arms, letting them hang loose at his sides as I glare at the grass at our feet. Correction; I spent that sitting there, listening to him complain about the movie and looking at my backpack. He looks away and he doesn't answer. He does know, though. He drops his hands and stares at me in disbelief. One of them laughs, and the other snorts at the comment, encouraging the guy to wink at me. But it's too late. Mum made me go to school the next day after the breakup. I know this because he keeps sending me texts with 'honey' and 'my skater girl' in them. I resent that. Peter Thompson is a dead man. All of them look away from where I've slowly been sliding down the wall and onto my butt, listening to them. Whatever. I look in front of me, skates on feet and hands on hips. I roll my eyes and look towards the fence on the far side of the driveway. I blink at him. Mark says, winking, and I see a smudge of pink lipstick still left on his lips; my cousin, she let another boy in the house without my permission. I eye the framed poster in his hand and glare over Andy's shoulder at him, but he just grins back at me like the idiot boy he is. I look down at him, struggling to get off his stupid red bike and making the bell ring in my attempts. Before I can jump off the bike Peter is peddling as fast as his long legs can peddle. I don't know what I'm doing. I can jump off right now and it'll be all over. It'll only take one second, one second and a possibly sprained ankle for the relief I will feel to be free again. He leaves me standing in the middle of the driveway. I eye his garage, seeing his figure pass by the window, carrying something large and cardboard-looking. I lie to her, trying to get her off of my back. I watch her, waiting for her to go back inside her house. But you are is what she silently tacks in. I skate quicker towards the garage at her words. The garage is transformed. I look around at them again before double backing on him; he's wearing his suit. He looks at me, gulping. Emerson fidgets around and before I know it he's grabbed me up and taken me in his arms, pressing his lips to my ear. Has he cheated on me? I didn't want to listen. I look into his eyes as they stare cautiously back into my own, my throat swelling up, full of all the words I'm trying but failing to get out. Instead I step up on my tiptoes, wrap my arms around his neck and kiss him. For the Breaking Up, Making Up Contest. YOU KNOW WHAT IS CUTE? A/N: This is chapter 1 of my WIP, Crossing the Finish Line. said Nana. She leaned against the headrest. She turned her attention back to the rolling landscape, counting the mile markers along the rural road. Whoa! A small herd came galloping over a clearing only a few yards from the road. Ewww, gross! She drew back, wrinkling her nose, and rolled her window back up. Yeah right! The old woman was so wrong it was almost funny. Charlene stared at her grandmother's profile. Charlene let out an impatient sigh before explaining,  And the funky smell. Charlene crossed her arms and sank lower into the seat. Frustrated, Charlene turned to stare out the window. Her father had asked her to sing a solo at her brother's funeral. For a split second Charlene reconsidered. What kind of name is Cheesy's? When Nana turned onto a street named Springmill, Charlene felt she had entered into a technicolored Mayberry. After five more minutes of driving, Nana finally pulled into the crowded school parking lot. She frowned in disappointment. It irked Charlene that her grandmother made a living as a housekeeper. Charlene watched Nana's super-sized frame struggling out of her seat. I don't see a black person among them, except the old man over there in the janitor uniform sweeping the sidewalk? Great! Charlene trailed silently behind her grandmother taking in her new surroundings. Her lips quirked into a little grin. Hmm, not bad. Her mother had once told her that the eyes were a window to the soul and could reveal a person's true nature even if they tried to hide it. Charlene frowned and snatched her hand from the glass. Nana turned and waved impatiently for Charlene to follow. Author's Note: This is my new story. I don't really like introducing myself, but the exasperating, pain-in-the-ass, unworthy-of-this-marvelous-story, author has pleaded me to introduce myself. Ok. Uh…Physical appearance? So I'm pretty boring. Haelo! Me: 'Shut up. Aww. Soo…I'm Jakey Caiter. Hello old, new, and others drawn here by their little email alert thing, people. I began to write Broke Clocks when I was fourteen and didn't know a damn about writing. Broken Clocks was like my baby, and I feel like someone abducted her. Thank you to everyone, especially to PurpleEmoChick, the kickass individual that alerted me to the copying pig. Summary: They were stuck together for the summer and one thing led to another. Author's Note: No, this is not a sequel to  This is a completely different story with all new characters. Of course, she wasn't the only teenager who was dragged along for the great learning adventure. His mother, Serena Bishop, was a huge movie star. He first played a role with his mother when he was five. The school the two attended was a private school. They weren't friends. She, obviously, knew who he was. For the first three days, they avoided each other like the plague. She had long, straight chestnut brown hair that fell to the center of her back. She was probably the smartest kid in school, and she didn't hide that fact from anyone. They had just come in from watching a scene with Devon's mother running from the hybrid alien monster on one of the more stable glaciers. They were both beyond shocked when they pulled away, and Kendall found herself actually stuttering. It continued this way for two weeks. Sure, they would see each other. Devon shook his head and smirked before approaching her and boxing her in between himself and the wall. Min Ki wandered the streets of Harajuku. Min looked at the ground. Harumi called from the next room;  It had been just over a year since Min Ki had married the girl he met in Harajuku. Seven kids crowded the waiting room. What shocked Kiera most about Duncan MacLean was not that he was arrogant, stubborn, bull-headed or persistent. Now what shocked Kiera was that Duncan was still pursuing her when she had fully told him that she was in love with another man and was engaged to him because he was her one true love. What was it that he had said? He leaned closer to her then, bringing his clean, masculine scent with him. However, Duncan had wanted a lot of woman before her and probably even more after her. Το πραγματικό νόημα του Διαφωτισμού είναι να βλέμμα με un με αχνά γράμματα στα μάτια σε όλες σκοτάδι. It was quiet. The shallow road grooves pulled and tugged at my tires as I drove through the puddles that gathered within the ruts in the highway. I watched the police officer where he stood on the side of the shoulder. A soft humming left my lips as I tapped my wheel and sang quietly to myself. Slowly, the mountain before me seemed to pull the road closer to its base. I exhaled lowly and tightened my grip on the wheel, the idea of wearing the flats on my feet suddenly becoming a bad one. my reflection sighed as she stared at my loosely clung hair. I would just say I was late due to traffic. It took a few moments, but my surroundings finally revealed hints to their presence. My phone buzzed so suddenly that I yipped allowed. But before I finished answering, something illuminated in front of me. my mom asked lightly. But the moment I tried to focus on my mother again, something faint seemed to whisper against my ears. My tires thudded as they hit the bridges metal beginning and I dropped my phone, slamming my brake pedal forward. With no traction the semi had started turning and sliding along the bridge; its sides grinding against the concrete wall while sparks and flames erupted between the metal and stone. My brakes were locked tight but my car was still moving painfully fast. I couldn't breathe, couldn't see, I could only feel gravity pulling me every which way, as my heart pounded its existence into my blood. . The world finally stopped spinning, and things lay still. My head throbbed as my pulse ripped through my overturned body and back into my heart. Debris was everywhere. But the strap began to rub deeper into my shoulder as my actions made it press harder against me, and its tight grip across my chest held back most movements of expansion and I had to fight for air. Against the mirrored glass that lay below me, I could see myself. I moved my right arm and led a shaking hand along the path of my seatbelt, down to the buckle, where I freed myself from its grip. As the rest of my body crawled out from the car, I glanced up and let the new light of the outside world form a picture for my mind to grasp. He was standing about twenty feet away, his car abandoned behind him. I slowly looked over my shoulder and saw the exhausted semi, smoking and sighing as it lay still, partly tilted alongside the bridge wall. I tried to open my mouth but nothing came out. I was on the edge of the collapsing side of the bridge's ledge. I trembled as I watched the falling chunks slip through the bridge and collide with the black waters below. I shifted my weight to my legs as I tried to stand and to stumble away but a painful realization rolled down my spine as the concrete began to sway, and my car moaned out in distress. The slab of bridge that I was on seemed promising enough, like it was able to handle my weight as long as necessary, if only I could move gently. . My eyes darted back towards the semi as a huge fireball bloomed further into the sky. I felt the shudder run throughout my body, only to retreat and to fall away from beneath me. It ricocheted through my thoughts for one split second. My back cracked as it hit the black water, my car and concrete shattering into the black all around me. Alex was watching the scene with an amused expression on his face. Steven's question never got answered. The boy definitely liked to mix and match. Steven caught himself staring at the boy, and looked at Alex. Alex never got to finish that sentence because Steven kicked Alex hard in the shin. The two boys grabbed their trays and walked back to their table. Ginny flicked her honey blonde hair out of her grey eyes. Aiden stared at Brandon for a long while, who stared right back. Notice: Here it is. A/N: Finally got this one-shot to cooperate. Evan squinted at the textbook in front of him and then nodded slowly as he made out the words. Reese had been adamant, in the beginning, that the storm wasn't going to stop her from studying. Evan helped Reese clean up the papers and books that were strewn all over her bed and then settled down beside her against the headboard. Now, it was nearly eight in the evening, and Evan was still lounging around her room. As he walked over to her desk, Evan noticed Reese in the closet from the corner of his eye. Evan rubbed the back of his neck distractedly. Reese was startled awake at the sound of another clash of thunder. She lifted her head and found herself curled into Evan's side, her arm wrapped contently around his toned stomach. Evan shifted under her as Reese leaned over him to get her cell phone. Reese picked up the frame at last and glanced at it a moment to make sure the glass hadn't broken. And long it was, indeed. Evan had been the boy who'd bathed with her when they were kids. Evan shrugged beneath her and then gently moved her aside so that he could sit up. Evan moved out of the way to let her out of bed, and Reese walked over to the window to look outside. She sighed heavily, stretched, and then began making her way back over to the bed. Maybe moving away from him would help. Reese grinned cheekily and nodded. Evan straddled her hips, refusing to let up even when she started to squirm. Evan grabbed both of her wrists in one of his hands to stop her barrage. Reese couldn't understand his hot and cold behavior. Barely a second too late, Reese tore her eyes away from his lips. Evan trailed his fingers higher on her back, tracing her spine and reveling at the way it arched at his touch. Evan pulled one of his hands out from beneath her camisole and placed it on her right thigh. Reese voluntarily opened her mouth when his tongue began coaxing her lips open. Evan's mind still protested his actions. And indeed she did. I stared at him across the table. He said, as if this was a reason to justify it. Something inside me fell apart. I waited for his answer. He gave me an apologetic look, shrugged and stood up. Munich was my home. I entered the old building and closed my blue umbrella. I entered her office and she smiled. I had to smile when I saw her face. I nodded. I commented. She smiled. I commented, feeling a huge joy. She smiled. I saw the girl leaving with the envelope. She said. Football? Anna asked. Rikke asked. I screamed, furious. I heard someone say. Yes, it could. It wasn't that bad, until he glanced over at me in horror, grabbed the sheet to his chest, and fled my bed like it had been infested with roaches. I rolled my eyes and grabbed my cell phone from the pocket of my jeans, which were carelessly strewn next to the bed. Got somewhere to be, was all it said. Cybill Williamson was absolutely drop-dead gorgeous. Brooks Williamson was Cybill's twin brother, although the only thing they had in common was their looks. For some odd reason that I'll never quite understand, Brooks had a crush on me. So after 17 rejections and no attempt at an 18th, I figured Brooks had taken the hint. When Brooks showed up six months later with no explanation as to what happened or why he was back so soon, things started to fall back into place. Since he'd been back, he'd made no attempt to ask me out again and actually, I'd only seen him once since his return. I cleared my throat and took a breath, trying to calm my nerves. I nodded even though he couldn't see me and cleared my throat again. He was silent for a good minute, and finally muttered the only word I'd been hoping to hear. His hair was still the same sandy blonde, messy and unkempt, and his eyes were still the same sparkly ocean blue they'd always been. I smiled nervously and nodded, opening the door so he could come in. I nodded and locked the door as we walked out together and made our way to the elevator. He shrugged. As we approached his car, he slid around me and opened the passenger door, allowing me to get in before slamming it shut and running to the driver's side. We drove in silence, but stole glances at each other whenever we thought the other wasn't looking. He shook his head. he whispered, pulling my body to his and grinding against me to the beat. I asked, suddenly feeling thirsty as I looked into his eyes. She asked, her eyes traveling over my outfit. I smiled instinctively, raising my hand to wave him over. Brooks shook his head, hading me a whiskey sour. I had to smile at how perfect Brooks was being. His lips pressed against mine and it suddenly felt like the entire club was on fire. She opened her mouth to say something but stopped and looked away. Brooks pulled me back and took my place in front of her. My mouth opened wide as I heard him accuse her of being jealous of me. He shook his head no and placed his hand on the small of my back, leading me to his car. I giggled, half because I was drunk, half because I couldn't believe what he was saying. He didn't say anything, just grunted and pulled me to him. I nodded. It had been three hours since Brooks had left, and there was no sign he was coming back. I finally got out of bed around 2:30 that afternoon and took a shower. I looked down at the floor and tried to hide my embarrassment. he said, dropping the bag and grabbing my shoulders. I looked at him and tilted my head to the side, confused. He smiled and tucked a loose piece of hair behind my ear. Author's Note:I have no idea where this came from. The handsome face of Max Lawson, my neighbor, was smiling up at me. he said with a big, charming smile slapped to his face. Stuart Wilton worked at the same publishing company that I did. I looked around, trying not to appear frantic, when my eyes fell on the only person I knew: Max. He laughed. he said with a charming smile. So far, Max was acting like a model boyfriend. She's right. I heard Kylie say. The two men couldn't be more opposite in appearance. He led me out onto the dance floor with Stuart glaring after us and Kylie smiling. I opened my mouth to argue with that, but closed it when I realized it was true. I heard him chuckle. I almost asked 'who? Liar, my conscience said. The song ended. I laughed again. Max opened his door and gestured for me to go in. Another pause. Max reached out and ran the back of his fingers down my bare arm. Never losing eye contact, he slowly leaned down to me. He separated his mouth from mine to press quick kisses and bites along my jaw. My brain stalled. Oh God, I did love him! It's not like I could ignore him forever. I went to my bedroom to change and freshen up since I looked like a complete mess. He shrugged and moved aside. I felt more tears fall down my face. The EndThanks for reading my story! Danny waited impatiently outside the bathroom door for Tristan to emerge in his costume. They complimented each other so well it was a match made in heaven: a friendship match, of course. Tristan was drop dead gorgeous, with dark hair and devastating blue eyes and every one was madly in love with him. Danny wasn't gay, and he got everything he wanted from the many women in his life. Tristan said, with more than a little heat. Danny and Tristan regarded each other in their matching Halloween costumes and both burst out laughing. Tristan replied,  Danny snorted, Tristan was perhaps the most masculine man he knew, apart from himself. A/N: Hey it's been so long! Beep. I growled and quickly groped around the sheets to fin my phone which was setting off the alarm. I groaned and fell back on my bed, head first before screaming on my pillow. I hate it when parents use their special parents powers. I appreciate it everytime I step out of the bus to school during days when my mom doesn't drive me to school. Joshua leaned on the rolled down window and with a sound of pity in his voice, said I hear that everyday. I said wondering how many times he had had a makeover ever since he made up that new image since he got that car. Joshua and I made our way to the main building of Lincoln High. I saw a familiar redhead in sight, standing by the lockers with a problematic look on her face. Frankie looked at him with an empty expression. I love my bestfriends. I looked over Josh's shoulders. She looked taller than before. Joshua felt his hair and was suddenly very excited. I'm surprised that my curiosity's not particularly piqued. I asked. Frankie quickly killed the engine and grabbed her calculus book on the passenger's seat. I felt something vibrate in my jean's pocket. Just when we were about to push open the main doors, we stopped on our tracks. I'll incorporate Next Chapter Preview on later chapters like before (: For now, some suspense! I find it funny that the world can turn on a dime. This is the part where I stand up and introduce myself to everyone in the room. So here I sit during lunch time, eating a turkey and cheese sandwich. I don't have many friends here because I figure I'm leaving here anyways. I remembered first coming to this town three weeks ago and seeing the massive Redford Mansion. After hearing the final bell of the day, I packed up my backpack and got set to take the trek home. My eyes widened slightly. He studied me curiously. I began my walk home through the park and through the woods until I came to our apartment complex. I used to go out and blow on dandelions, and maybe once or twice, I even prayed for things. They would have made such a cute couple. But I still had plenty of time to decide what I wanted to do with my life. I replied. I bet the vanilla frappuccinos were what shut her up in the end. It didn't take a psychologist to know that I was shaped by my crappy childhood, but I liked to think I was one of the few who came out relatively normal. This place was going to be awesome. someone boomed as I opened the door and walked in. Instead, my gaze followed the sound of the foghorn voice. There were a couple people scattered across the room. An Asian girl with pigtails sat in the far corner, wearing thick-rimmed glasses. Ethan said, sounding delighted. he snapped. I tuned out everything, forcing myself into writer mode. Squeak. Pigtail girl had the squeakiest lead known to man. I whispered across my desk. At least Pigtails had given me her attention. I said quickly. I exhaled slowly, returning to my poem again. My head shot up, hands automatically moving to cover the piece. A second glance, and I wondered if maybe it wasn't such a bad thing. I tried not to think too hard about what that meant and instead focused on acting normally—must engage in flirty banter. I found myself smiling along, engaged by his charisma, but I shook myself out of it. My nerves were jumping all over the place, and it was hard for me to not scream out of conflict and send him running for the hills. This is a slash story. Oh, don't believe me? You see, it isn't the looking both ways that's the important part, it's the listening. Me, I was just trying to make my college experiences worth the loans I would be paying back 'til the day I died. I sighed as I was lifted by the armpits and flown safely the other side of the street right as an unmanned convertible went whooshing through the air and crushed into shrapnel against a thirty-eight story building. chastised the hero that had saved me from being part of this damage to public and private property. huffed the hero in complimentary colors. shouted a pointed voice as a young woman with a sword and electricity crackling in the air around her sprinted towards us from the same direction the convertible had come from. called an off kilter voice. Bronco yanked Electra out of the way as a clear, viscous liquid shot at the spot she had been standing a split second earlier. Electra tried another utterly useless electric attack. It only took Electra a moment to understand, and then she and her sword—it couldn't be a regular sword if it could hack though the metal of a fire hydrant with all of the efficiency of a butter knife cutting through mashed potatoes—were releasing a powerful spray onto the psychologically unbalanced man. Oh, was that the name of his secret identity? She was waiting on texts from two friends, responding to her own silly little texts about yet another cute guy she saw while shopping earlier that day. Eventually, she settled on some random horror movie, that was probably cheesy and relied on loud sounds to  the viewers. The fanfic was one she hadn't read before, and if the description was anything to go by, it was a steamy, one chapter story. Dropping the Wii remote, she dove into the story. Her body ached for the touch of another person, and she so desperately wished that she could be the one being preyed on by a demon. The story came to its end, leaving Lucille hot and frustrated. She didn't realize it at first, but the description given by the movie medium had her squeezing her legs together even tighter now. Lucille picked her laptop back up and flipped open the lid. Hundreds of results came up with a simple search of the word 'Incubus'. This user, Xx_Demonia_xX, who started the forum, explained the process of summoning an incubus in great detail. Then the post went on to the side effects of having relations with an Incubus. But deep down, she desperately wished that it were real. The replies to the ultimate guide begged to differ, however. Closing down the browser and shutting the lid on her laptop, Lucille was done with her research. For all the trouble it took to get into the school, it sure was a boring place. She liked candy. Her worn shoes scuffed at dirty blue tiles as she shuffled into a checkout lane. a rough voice asked. She blinked, surprised. He looked up quickly, and his dark hair messily flopped against his eyes. She thought quickly, and answered slowly. He smirked at her. Maybe if she just told the truth. Was that so hard? Her mouth dropped in disbelief, and she looked at him with wide eyes. he questioned, and his smirk was threatening to split the rugged features of his face. She furrowed her brows, trying to make sense of the conversation. Fiddling with the plastic lane dividers, she drew in a breath. She groaned as she felt the heat of a blush sweeping across her face and neck. she answered. She tried not to look back, but her neck turned around on its own accord. he grinned goofily at her. Days turned into weeks, and red ink faded into pink. But she did. As she neared the front of the line, she realized he wasn't the cashier. her foul-breathed cashier called to his right. she heard his familiarly rough voice. The older guy barked with painfully obnoxious laughter. he mumbled, and she admired the deftness of his fingers as he bagged her groceries. The truth was she just didn't want to talk to him. he called gently. He grinned as she bolted out the door. She gaped as she looked in the mirror, staring at the quarter-sized Hello Kitty stickers adorning her face. I know this cat isn't cute, but the original one isn't either. He wrote his phone number in curvy script, and punctuated his note with a wobbly heart. Umm…hi! Nobody had asked Bianca to go to the prom. Bianca fitted on her XBOX LIVE headset with a scowl. Eliot was beginning to look peeved. Extermination Overdrive paired Bianca on a team with a couple of her online friends. Bianca selected her next target and fired. Bianca had only truly ever loved something, and that was video games. Except maybe she had never had a boyfriend. After that, nobody said a word about her plan. Eliot had taken off her sunglasses and was staring dreamily at the back wall of the shop. Eliot said, leaning against the counter and staring rather intently at Lucy's nametag, which was clipped to a low-cut shirt. Eliot was rocking an extremely trendy 80's throwback mowhawk mullet, and it would have looked terrible on anybody else. Cowed, Bianca unwound her bun and let her hair down. At first Bianca didn't even recognize herself. Of course, I wasn't the only one. year. flashed when he smiled at me. knew for sure I wouldn't. to know. doesn't run out. Alex. and my new roommates. myself. traded their sense of humor for a few good grades. show. the first meetings. room. surprised, but Alex almost seemed. before, the freaks had always been friends of mine. a dog. replied, "No, I'm just here for my health. Um. Marcus? slightly, Trey ducked his head, stating, "Um. Continued. adults I know you are and love, we'll meet you there. Isabella Sanders are you insane? Your point"? I never thought in all of my life that I would ever be in such a horrible situation. If you said no, then, I bow at your feet and completely agree with you. In a mansion with at least fifty other girls for five months trying to win over the hottest, wealthiest guy in my fantastical little town of Bloomington. Lucinda smiled as if she had won, but she was wrong. I huffed, and then muttered,  Now, that was a true comment. Lucinda said. An echo of polite, high octave voices rang through the wide pristine white hallways. Lillian made an elegant gesture towards the top of the hall, and then out walked Devon. Devon smiled politely, his dimples showing. We all followed Kayla up the stairs and into two extremely large bedrooms. Kayla said quietly, and with that, she left. I headed down the hallway with a torn jean skirt since we weren't allowed to wear jeans-which is just rediculous. I screamed at him, my face turning beat red. That Bastard. Well hello there! Kate was serious when she said it. When Kate and I entered the deafening building, I swear my eardrums burst. And just when I thought this place couldn't get any louder, eardrum-shattering squeals rang through the building. The second he turned around is when it hit me. My question was answered when some slut tossed her bra onto stage and aimed straight for him. She rolled her eyes and ran her painted fingers through her long auburn hair. That's when it dawned on me. By: CherryTwister The stupid alarm clock rang in my ear. I muttered to my chocolate lab. I got ready and headed out the door for another pointless day at school. I shrugged. I laughed. She told me and I rolled my eyes at her. I asked her. I told her and rolled my eyes. I swallowed hard when I almost reached him. He grinned and winked at the girl behind me. I told her. The car in front of me slowed and put their turn signal on. He yelled back at me. He sneered and that really pissed me off. I told him. He asked confused. He added and I frowned. He mentioned looking at my crushed car. I groaned and he glared at me. The window pane has a coat of ice. The adults calm the children, and entice them with the roasting of chestnuts in the fire place. the little girl asks with wide blue eyes. his mother says. A loud knock comes to the door. the blonde girl cries with joy as she runs at the tall man. he replies with another grin. The godfather looks around at all the children. Raven turns to one of the two boxes. The children's eyes widen as the soldier begins to move. He approaches the other box. The ballerina's eyes snap open to reveal crystal blue orbs. He soon stops upon his toes and shuts his blue eyes. To all the young boys, he hands out tin soldiers. he says with a grin. Raven explains to her. another little girl says as she cradles her pretty doll. Lancia cries. Her mother scolds. her mother apologizes. Lancia sits curled up in her bed. Raven asks. Raven says. Raven says as he walks to the door. Soft scratching awakens the young girl. she calls. The nearby grandfather clock chimes midnight. she murmurs to herself. Noticing the clock and chair also seem too big, Lancia looks around the rest of the room. a hissing voice asks. the rat says with a groan before turning away. Lancia yells as she runs at the rat and starts pounding her fists on the rat's side. the rat hisses again. The nutcracker has arisen. The wooden toy and green rat tumble upon the floor. She cries out. one of the rats states. the little boy cries. bride Jaki, the evil rat, cackles. The nutcracker kneels down and picks up the golden crown. the little boy says as he trembles. the nutcracker assures. They end up in a world covered in white. the nutcracker asks gently. the nutcracker says with as best a smile he could with a face made of wood. he stops in mid-sentence to stare. Lance murmurs. the ex-nutcracker says with reassurance. The inside is intricately decorated with more sugar and candy than a million children could eat in a life time. he says. Tybalt replies as he takes the boy's hand. Lance asks. he squeaks. A couple, wearing outfits of chocolate, step out to the floor. After them, an exotic belly dancer slinks out. Lance's eyes widen when a large tea pot is pushed out onto the floor. A few more exotic dancers, representing other delicious treats from around the world partake in dances. Lance whispers. Lance asks meekly. The hand upon the younger man's waist tightens. The air becomes chilly. Darkness has overtaken the ballroom. Kissing. Tybalt draws his lips away from Lance's, instead bringing his mouth to the younger man's neck. the younger one whispers hoarsely. Tybalt murmurs. Lance whispers. he says as he whisks the younger man from the floor. is repeated twice. Tybalt rests the younger man upon a silken mattress. Tybalt asks in a husky tone. Lance replies softly. Lance's slender fingers reach down, digging down into Tybalt's hair. Tybalt purrs into Lance's ear. Tybalt murmurs softly. Tybalt smiles at Lance. Clasping onto the blue-eyed man's behind, Tybalt slowly lifts the young Lance up a bit. Tybalt murmurs against Lance's cheek. The motion begins. Soon. Completion spills over them both. Before sleep overtakes his body. His blue eyes open sleepily. Lance frowns at his nightgown. his mother calls. his mother says with a smile. he says, quite serious for a child of his age. Lance asks. he replies. she carries Lance from his room, and down the stairs. Lance asks, looking a bit more worried now. Raven asks, as perplexed as Lance's mother. the mother asks with curiosity. he replies with a bow. Raven asks. Tybalt says gently as he takes Lance's hand. Raven replies with a knowing smirk. Gavin Hayward, a recently promoted inventory analyst, was hesitant to allow his best friend to buy him another beer. He had a decent job, an inventory analyst for an up-and-coming corporation. Pushing up the rolled cuffs of his dark blue button down shirt, Gavin reluctantly accepted the money Scott laid out for him. Raking his light brown hair back from his face, Gavin let his hand catch the back of his neck. Ashlee Kane's friends might have succeeded in their pursuit of consolation had she and her now-ex-boyfriend Kyle mutually  but that was not what had happened. Ashlee answered pathetically, idly swirling her half-empty glass of rum and coke, watching the slice of lime as it fell victim to the whirlpool she created with a half-lidded stare. Ashlee groaned, lifting her drink again at the thought and carelessly finishing it off. At the ripe age of twenty-two, Gavin was well aware he had his whole adult life in front of him. Leaning against the bar with an arm, Gavin reached out with his other to lift his beer and pour it into the glass provided for him. In attempt to dismiss the mindless banter of her friends and unwilling to tend to the new drink that was promptly set in front of her, Ashlee's eyes began to wander and a slow sigh passed her lips. Once he'd drank half his newly poured glass, Gavin's attention shifted aside and upwards, his attention locking on the suspended television there. Ashlee knew the alcohol she'd consumed played some part in her decision and she carelessly interrupted her friends' conversation and took hold of her untouched drink. Dressed in a pair of jeans and a simple lacy camisole under her corduroy jacket, Ashlee chewed on her lip as she made her way along the bar. He smiled easily with a sigh to bring himself back to reality, nodding as his expression turned to that of a more easy-going one. Up close, he was even more attractive than Ashlee had thought and she didn't hesitate in taking a seat on the stool he'd inched out for her. No, but a bottle of Xanax is, he thought curtly, shaking his head easily in response. Gavin offered, shrugging just slightly as he turned in his stool to angle himself more towards her. For a moment, Ashlee's stare drifted to her glass as she ran her fingers idly along the length of it where it sat on the counter top. Apparently he fit the mold of an exhausted or overworked employee. Why not get some good use out of the news? Promoted? Gavin had no interest in boring her; the last thing he wanted was to be left alone to order more drinks and stumble out to a cab at four in the morning. he questioned. His question had been answered apparently and with a faint shrug, Ashlee nodded back over her shoulder toward her friends. Gavin was surprised by her offer if only for the reason that he hadn't even been trying to get her attention in such a way. he said firstly to address what she'd commented on. Ashlee wasn't about to say a word about it, but she had never before gone home with anyone from a bar (or other place, for that matter) before and had she been sober, she might have been a bit more careful in agreeing. Apparently Gavin had been right in his assumption that Ashlee was willing to accompany him home and he was glad for the unexpected company. He stood a good four inches taller than her and finally took a moment to grin as he offered his hand. she introduced herself as she took his hand, now forced to stare up at him a bit but quickly finding that his height only added to her rising interest in him. Gavin studied her for a few brief moments, his smile lingering as he soon decided her name fit her well. he assured her upon stepping up to the curb at her side. The night air was a refreshing change but before long, they were seated in the back of a cigarette-smelling taxi cab. She found herself soon wondering other things about him-yet she refrained. Trailing off with a furrowed brow, Gavin cracked a short laugh. Ashlee laughed as she shook her head, watching him across the length of the back seat as she absently bit her lip for a moment. -That he wasn't, but it was still a nice change to be approached by someone he wanted to bring home with him. As the driver spoke up in regard to an obvious road block ahead, Gavin's attention was stolen away from Ashlee. Ashlee's smile widened a bit and she felt her cheeks warm slightly-Gavin's interest in her was making her confidence slowly bounce back from where it had been that night: almost non-existent. Had they not been mere blocks from his apartment, Gavin might have begun what he'd hoped to continue back at his apartment. The soft touch of his lips against her neck was unexpected but she welcomed it entirely with only a slow breath of surprise to acknowledge the gesture. Apparently as the cab stopped, it wasn't a red light that the cab was waiting at. The street was quiet, seemingly deserted, and at the moment, Ashlee had no intentions of breaking such a silence. Gavin answered shortly and easily, reaching out and past her to hit the elevator button. Ashlee didn't fight as he pulled her closer, her own smile remaining as she returned his stare. Once the two were locked inside his apartment, Gavin tossed his keys to the counter and reached for her wrist to pull her closer. On her own, Ashlee reached up with her free hand to ease her jacket from her shoulders, her other wrist still in his hold and with a smile and a shrug to aid her efforts, she answered him. After her jacket was placed over the back of her chair, Gavin abandoned his gentlemanly nature for the meantime and took her wrist to pull her closer to him and finally against him. If only he knew how much better such a simple compliment made her feel about herself after such a low-blow from her ex's sudden desire to dump her. Ashlee didn't even have the time to respond to his flattery and soon, his lips were against her own and thoughts of Kyle flew from her mind. 'I've never done something like this before,' Ashlee wanted to mutter against his lips but decided to keep silent instead; why spoil whatever image he had of her? The few times in which Gavin had actually brought home a one night stand had resulted in serious get-down-to-business sex which didn't necessarily last long, brought quick pleasure, and barely contained goodbyes. Gavin smirked against her lips as he grinned, withdrawing his tongue to nudge her lips softly before pulling away a little. With careful shifts, Ashlee soon rid her feet of the heels she wore and abandoned them near the bedroom door. A quiet breath of surprise left her lips as they curved into an amused smile, reaching out to help support herself as he held her with an arm as her other curled back around Gavin's neck. He didn't respond, merely smiled for a few lingering moments as they kissed. Ashlee didn't hesitate in running her hands along his arms once she'd settled comfortably on her back against the bed, drawing her leg upward until her thigh gently leaned against his hip. Gavin's lips left hers as he tucked his face downward, his stare heavy and lazy as he watched the shirt rise to reveal her smooth stomach. It wasn't so much the sex that Ashlee was in need of, but the attention, and it seemed that Gavin had endless amounts to spare on her. He allowed her to rest back against the bed once again, his hands taking hold of her sides against her ribcage as he once again trailed his lips down to her navel. A/N: Well, hello everyone :D Welcome to 'The Girl is Mine'. I couldn't blame him. Not that my sister was any cause of horror but still these news were. A/N: Not much yet, I know. Eric Knight glanced at the clock on the wall and sighed. He had a few seconds to fill before the lyrics started. he protested, wishing it was four a. Eric slipped his headset back on and waited, then introduced the pre-recorded news update. Eric joked, as his brain finally clicked and he typed the darn word. He stood so fast his chair rolled away and he paced around, as far as he could being tethered to the console. He took a reflexive look at the song time, then leaned against the wall and stared out the high window. They spent almost all their time together after that first amazing date, and she was wonderful, everything he wanted. He closed his eyes, aching as he let himself remember her face, her smile, the way she felt in his arms, then realized what he was doing and shook his head violently. Eric smiled. Okay, this could be bad. Eric sighed. Eric swallowed hard and dared a glance at Shannon through the glass. He could still hear the tinny sound of the music coming from the headset and he dropped it onto the desk, then covered his ears with his hands, trying to block it out. A tentative tapping on the window, and Eric opened his eyes. Eric stiffened, and sat up slowly. The EndA/N: Short and sappy, I know. A/N: As of 2016, Chapter 1 of this story now contains the entire full text of the story with no author notes or review responses to get in the way (aside from this one). No. I immediately stop my car and jump out, running to the fallen body in the road. I cry out, falling to my knees next to him, desperately hoping he'll answer. It's dark out. I hear, and I realize suddenly that it's my own voice. I suddenly remember my cell phone in my pocket, and I feel like such an idiot for not thinking of it earlier. I hear the sirens minutes later, but it feels like it's been hours. The police do tests on me to make sure I'm not driving drunk, which of course I'm not. I tell them that my name is Jackson Martelli, that I'm seventeen, hand them my driver's license when they ask for it. The worst thing is not knowing if he died, if he's going to die. Finally, one of the officers assures me that I probably won't get in trouble for anything; it doesn't look like I've done anything wrong. Thankfully, my father drives out to pick me up. I'm silent the entire car ride home, and my father is too. I'm absolutely exhausted, but I can't fall asleep. I repeat, knees going weak with relief. I interrupt her, nodding emphatically. He's already been moved out of intensive care, which means his injuries can't have been too bad. His name is Taylor Kingsfield, and he's possibly the singularly most popular guy in our high school. And did I mention he's gorgeous? In short, he's perfect. At some point, I regain enough presence of mind to notice something. he demands, still looking shocked. I swallow, finding I have trouble voicing the words. I must say, shock is a mild way to describe what I'm feeling right now. He sighs and turns away from me, and suddenlyI wonder, maybe the reason that he's bothered that it was me is because he hates me? He's talking almost to himself at this point, like he's forgotten I'm there. My heart clenches with pain when he finally does turn to look at me, silent tears making tracks down his face. I think this might have been the wrong thing for me to do. A moment later, he shakes his head as though to clear it, like nothing just happened. I see the flash in his eyes as he says that. I hesitate; I think it's really important that I do tell someone, someone should know about this. he says again. I feel unsettled for the rest of that day, and the feeling continues into Sunday. The problem is, I just can't stop worrying about Taylor. Perversely, that thought almost makes me feel happy. Either way, it still frightens me how easy it seemed to be for him to hide his feelings, like he had in the hospital. One of the most infuriating things about the situation is that there just doesn't seem to be anything I can do about it. The reason I hadn't been paying attention is because I'm watching Taylor. From what I've heard, he's telling people the 'he hadn't been paying enough attention, and didn't notice the oncoming car' story. Rowen teases me, snapping me back from my wandering thoughts once again. I say, a little sheepishly. You get used to them, I swear. I say simply, with little or no emotion. I say, catching up with Taylor in the hall. he says. I begin. Taylor blinks at me a few times as my words sink in. I nod, extremely relieved and more than a little happy. I interrupt, wincing as it comes out little louder than I meant it to. he sounds relieved. I'm sitting across the table from Taylor, at the café Carpe Diem. We've been here for almost an hour now, and we've been talking the entire time. Taylor returns promptly, flashing me a grin of his own. I say, wrinkling my nose and sticking my tongue out at him. I can't stop a -rather more than faint- blush from spreading over my cheeks. And I thought I was blushing before. I assure him waving a hand dismissively. Taylor tells me, grinning, as he stands. Normally, I'd be thrilled at how well we seem to be getting along, and I am, but, well. Maybe I'm over-reacting. Still… I can't shake the feeling that Taylor was acting a little weird for a guy who's supposed to be straight. I'm probably just over-analyzing this situation to an extreme degree, because I always do that, too. she growls threateningly, eyes narrowed. Really, I've told her pretty much everything, now; except for the bit at the hospital. Despite my misgivings, Taylor and I end up going out several more times over the next couple of weeks, mostly to the same café. Also, Taylor has started sitting with me and my friends at lunch once in a while. Taylor has some very interesting perspectives and opinions on a lot of things, and to be sure, we tend to talk about a lot of different things, from serious to frivolous. Sometimes, though, talking to him is very disorienting. I get the feeling he's still bottling things up, trying to pretend everything's fine. As it turns out, I may have good reason to be. questions the broken, slightly raspy voice on the other end of the line. It's mid-October, maybe a week after that phone call, about a month since everything started. Taylor hasn't called me since that one time, except once or twice to confirm times and places for hanging out. All the color immediately drains from my face. Taylor lightly touches my arm. His green eyes are boring into my wide blue ones. It's then that I realize something else; Taylor also seems to have noticed how close we've gotten. One of the workers comes over then, to find out what the noise was. I respond dully, burying my head in my arms on the table. Rowen asks sympathetically. Of course, I had kind of figured that this wouldn't turn out well. I don't know, maybe I'm jumping to conclusions again, but this time I really don't think I am. At the same time, though, I don't like what Taylor's doing. Well, I suppose he could have just pretended like it didn't happen. He continues completely ignoring me for the entire rest of the week. As a result of all this, I'm in a positively foul mood for the rest of the week. For a while, it works wonderfully. So, naturally, because it's just the way the universe seems to work, it happens during the one time I'm alone. Taylor just has to walk by with his fucking girlfriend hanging on his arm. he says casually. Hell no. I call Rowen on her cellphone to tell her that I'm leaving. I expect Rowen to be mad at me, or argue about it, or something, but she doesn't. I'm still really upset over the whole situation. It's not her I'm mad at her, though. Then I feel guilty for thinking that, because I'm sure he's not doing it on purpose. Actually, I realize, that might just be exactly what the problem is. I sigh audibly. The longer I continue thinking about all of this, the worse I start feeling. I almost started feeling, well, maybe not better, but less miserable anyway. My father doesn't like the fact that I'm gay. So, if there was anything that could have possibly made me feel more miserable, it was that. I stare at my phone, Mozart's  blaring at me as it continues to ring. I'm hit quite forcibly with a sense of déjà vu. I can't think of anything to say to that. I say shortly. Now it's my turn to sigh. I…I thought I was shocked before. I say, almost conversationally. I must admit to finding myself slightly disappointed that it is a little too late at night for him to reasonably do just that. We arrange to meet up the next day, to go see a movie. The next day when we meet up at the theater, he actually does run over and hug me. I look up at him and laugh, amazed that he actually just said that. I let Taylor pay for both our tickets, a little reluctantly, but admittedly, I don't have much money right now. I feel like such a horrible person, because Taylor's so excited about this, and I really would love to just let everybody know, too. I say, nodding, relieved to have a solution. Taylor affirms. I love him. He stares at some unknown point in space, apparently thinking. I'm surprised at this, because Taylor never seems to talk about his parents. Afterwards, I don't remember much of the movie. As I had suspected, Taylor's coming out sparks a major controversy at our school. Some of Taylor's groups and clubs are more supportive than others. And there are more examples, holding a varying range of opinions. We've been trying not to hang out overly much in school, but we've gotten together every afternoon this week so far except one, and even then, Taylor called me. Taylor tells me with the sweetest smile on his face. I feel my face heat; it must be bright red right now. Suddenly, a thought occurs to me. I comment bemusedly, partly to myself. All four of us are in Chamber Singers; it's our school's auditioned choir. Taylor says, smiling just for me. He's rather excited also, that this is the first time he's gotten to drive with both hands in over a month. The 'it' we are referring to is a dress. Meanwhile, Taylor is wearing the matching outfit; only he gets to be the guy. I meant it jokingly, but the moment I actually say it, I realize that it really is bothering me a little. Taylor exclaims immediately. Taylor always seems to know just what to say to make all my insecurities vanish. To my dismay, everyone seems to converge on us the moment we arrive. The group of people here really is quite accepting and open-minded. Speaking of Rowen, I notice after people have moved off that she's not actually here yet. Rowen is dressed in a fashion that I recognize from pictures she's shown me as something she calls 'Gothic Lolita'. Archer, well… the only words I can think of to describe his costume would be 'gothic man-whore'. she squeals, rushing over to hug me, almost forgetting about the leash she's holding Archer on and nearly choking the poor boy in the process. Rowen protests, smacking him. Archer consents. Frankly, I'm really pleased at his approval. I notice the costumes Joanna and her boyfriend Lee are wearing for the first time that night. I smile; we do this every so often; have short conversations in French for no apparent reason besides practice, the fact it's fun, and the fact most people don't understand it. Taylor responds. I say. The party itself is quite fun. At some point later, a couple people start to sing some random song we're singing for Chamber Singers right now, called Prelude to Peace. Later that evening, someone comes up with the idea to have a costume contest. At some point later in the party, everyone's broken off into their own random things. Taylor must have carried me out, because I don't wake up until later in his car, as he's bringing me home. Of course, that doesn't mean everything worked out perfectly. There are also a number of guys, mostly admirers of Lauren, that give me grief specifically for 'making Taylor break up with Lauren. At first when I see her, my heart sinks. Lauren apologizes, smiling at me. Quite frankly, I'm still staring at her speechlessly as well. I stare at Lauren again, this time with a sort of wonder and definite newfound respect for Taylor's ex-girlfriend. I'm still amazed that Taylor did this, is doing this. Also, pretty much right from the point he first asked me out, it's like he's opened some sort of internal floodgate. However, there's apparently some truth to the statement  He'll tell me when he's upset or just feeling off, but he still takes pains to hide it from everyone else. Sometimes, I really have to wonder what drives him to push himself so hard. Neither Taylor nor me have told our parents about our relationship. Probably as a direct result of this, neither of us goes to the other's house. The first time we went to the mall together, I couldn't help thinking about the last time we'd seen each other at the mall, when Taylor was still dating Lauren. It's a Friday evening, and we're sitting around a table in the mall's food court. Jo grins, quickly picking up on Rowen's train of thought. You know how people will say they're on cloud nine when they're really happy? Everyone affirms that they are. Later that night, we're all curled up on and around the two couches in Archer's living room, halfway through the movie Minority Report. I sigh audibly, rolling myself off the couch and pulling Taylor up with me. Taylor sighs now, running a hand through his hair. Taylor says reluctantly. I insist. The moment she determines that yes, it 's true, she immediately flips into  mode. Then, when I eventually mention it to Taylor, he's no help at all. Thank god. I shoot back, glaring daggers at him. he answers, his grin widening. Taylor's played two games, actually, since his arm healed enough for him to rejoin the team. my dad continues. When I actually think about it, we haven't been together for all that long. Being with Taylor has been like… more than a dream come true. However, on the down side, the more he takes away my ridiculous worries and concerns, the more he seems to unintentionally give me serious things to worry about. My concern for him is eating me up inside. Finally, after sitting and reflecting on this for an indeterminate period of time, I decide that I have to talk to someone. The obvious choice and the person I'd most like to talk to, is, of course, Taylor himself. Or so I thought, until I suddenly remember Lauren. In fact, considering that she is Taylor's ex-girlfriend, there's even a good chance she'd be able to shed some light on the situation. I say as I catch up to her in a hallway at school. I'm really, really nervous about talking to her, I realize. Lauren looks surprised. I ask her finally. I'd been staring down, contemplating my untouched donut. She has my undivided attention as I absorb this new information. I admit helplessly. However, Lauren keeps at me, and I finally crumble and tell her everything I know. I say hastily. I ask Taylor curiously, sitting on the edge of a table next to where he has various large textbooks and school-related papers strewn about. Finally, he lets out a growl of annoyance, throwing his pencil and calculator down on the table and pushing his chair back. I say sympathetically. Taylor looks at me sharply. I'm honestly a little surprised at how angry he seems. He cuts off again, anger seeming to drain away, replaced by fatigued irritation. I feel slightly ill all afternoon. I keep hoping he'll call me. Our argument didn't feel normal, either. I start seriously reflecting on Taylor's strange moodiness. With this confirmation, in my mind, at least, of the reasons behind Taylor's strange behavior, I start to feel horribly guilty. As I think about it, I realize that the argument wasn't about me talking to Lauren, he wouldn't really have stayed mad at me for that. I toss and turn on my bed that night as these thoughts filter through my mind, unable to fall asleep. Suddenly, however, I'm startled out of my thoughts by the ringing of my cell phone. I glance at the clock on my bedside table. I respond, puzzled. I ask, growing increasingly worried. It really is important we find Archer, and not just because of the whole police involvement thing. I go wake my parents to tell them where I'm going. This has just been a wonderful day. As I race to grab my coat, suddenly, my cell phone rings again. I say, a little warily. By the end, his voice is even closer to breaking, and I realize finally that the reason his voice sounds so controlled is just because he's holding back emotion. I say, not really up to another spat of his self-loathing. I agree quickly, not even pausing to reflect on the news that he lives so close by. Once Taylor arrives, I want nothing more than to just fall into his arms and stay there for a good long while. The situation is just so horrible; we'd all kind of thought Archer needed to get out of his house, but no one really thought it would get this bad. Before I can get myself too worked up again, we arrive. Taylor asks me very seriously as we get out of his car. I'm grateful all over again that Taylor and I are back to normal, again. Her family uses the side door of their house rather than the front, so we walk right into the kitchen, where Lee and Rowen's mother are sitting at the table. Theoretically, Taylor and I could have just directly gone out looking for Archer rather than meeting up with everyone at Rowen's house. Rowen says, addressing us all, posture becoming more confident, clearly getting to business. Taylor asks idly, eyes trained on the road in front of us. Still without turning, Taylor reaches over and starts running his hand soothingly up and down my arm. I answer, shrugging again. I reflect on that for a while, still keeping a careful eye out for Archer, but just as glad to have the mental distraction. During my reflections, I'm struck once again by how absolutely natural it feels for Taylor and I to be together. I announce, pulling my phone out of my coat pocket. she says, the last part presumably directed at Archer. Kicking off my shoes, I curl my legs up to my stomach and press the side of my face into the back of the car seat. I open both my eyes now. A male voice thunders, waking Taylor and I up the next morning. the man seethes, causing me to blink in surprise and glance out the window. He grabs Taylor by the collar of his shirt and roughly yanks him to his feet. Taylor stares at his father with a strange expression, then turns and looks at me for a long moment. I see something dangerous flicker across Taylor's features. Taylor responds violently, immediately. You're always so quick to criticize me when I do something wrong,But you NEVER say anything when I do things RIGHT! I'm absolutely, utterly horrified as the explanation behind all the bruises becomes painfully, blindingly clear. his father continues, not lowering his volume in the slightest,  He gestures again in my direction. Abruptly, Taylor's voice has gone low, icy, and absolutely deadly. Of course, I couldn't escape my mother for long. my mother says soothingly, with a deep underlying concern in her voice. I decide a few minutes later that I really have to calm down. Suddenly, I notice something out the window; a movement on the road. I scream out, rushing up to meet him. After a moment, I pull back to examine him. We continue on, but I pause again at my doorstep. Taylor asks me seriously, staring into my eyes. My parents agree, a little reluctantly, to let Taylor spend the night after hearing his story. After the talk with my parents, I lead Taylor over to the couch in my living room and sit him down. Maybe an hour later, Taylor and I are still on the couch. There's a bluish-purple mark starting to form on the side of Taylor's face. Maybe he really will have a good explanation. Eventually, Taylor stirs, blinking his eyes open. he nods his head, brushing a loose strand of hair from his eyes. I've had time to calm down, to mentally remove myself a little from the situation. I begin when Taylor looks unwilling to start on his own, crossing my arms and attempting to glare at him. He stares pointedly at me. he leans forward, almost earnestly. I'm still wavering, still feeling incredibly doubtful of the situation. I continue, adjusting my position on the bed. I challenge. Finally, I sigh, raising my hands in defeat. The next day after school, Taylor goes back to his house. The other thing I've noticed is that Taylor hasn't really been spending as much time with me as he used to. I'm not really involved in the conversation today, though. I'm reflecting on things, on life; primarily on my friendship with Rowen and Archer. The other thing I'm thinking about, something that's begun to bother me a little, actually, is the fact that neither Rowen nor Archer knows anything about what's been going on with Taylor. There's really nothing I can do about it for now, though. Next week is the beginning of Christmas vacation. I don't like that I'm doing this. I'm sure Rowen hasn't even cleared this with her parents. Friday is our last day of school before vacation starts, and it's a half day. I call out, walking towards him. Finally, he does turn, but he won't meet my eyes. He looks up suddenly, glancing around the parking lot, which is pretty much empty at the moment. I practically scream at him. I demand bitterly. I can't keep this up. My thoughts feel like they're on permanent overdrive, and I can't bring myself to truly acknowledge anything around me. Maybe Taylor is just really stressed about something, and not thinking clearly. And what did he mean by ? Either way, no matter what the reason, I really don't believe it's just over. Because whatever else, I don't believe he just doesn't care anymore, doesn't have any sort of feeling for me anymore. I go through that day and the next in a complete stupor. At first, neither of them answers me. All of a sudden, I really, really don't want them here. I wish violently that they didn't know, hadn't found out about this. I cut her off abruptly, standing and turning away from both of them. I sink down onto my bed, curling into a ball. I start to hate him so much. What the hell happened to him  anyway? Fucking asshole. This is the first time I've talked to her since the incident at my house, but she hasn't mentioned it, and I don't think she will unless I bring it up. With that realization, my anger explodes again. Eventually, once I've calmed down a little bit, I decide I want to figure out what's going on with Taylor. He words make me feel vaguely like someone's just punched me. I explode loudly, unable to hold back anymore. I swear again. I need to calm down. I want to scream, really scream, as loud as I can, but I can't because my parents are home. Finally, I blink a few times and stare at what I've thrown. After a long internal debate with myself, I decide I will go to Jo's New Year's party. I try to force the whole subject of Taylor out of my mind while I'm at Jo's, and actually succeed reasonably well. Eventually, we all end up downstairs, staring at the big screen television in Jo's basement. Half-empty glasses of sparkling cider, brought over by Rowen, are perched on all manner of available surfaces. And they keep going. Finally, the noise trails off. I, however, am mostly silent. It's a new year, right? I decide to make a New Year's resolution; I'm going to try talking to Taylor when we all get back to school. The day we get back to school, I find a time to pull Taylor aside and talk with him privately. I ask, and screw calm, now I'm just focusing on not crying. I demand, my voice suddenly stronger. I exclaim, jumping to my feet. I'm taken aback by Taylor's explosion. Maybe I am wrong. I say dully. I shrug. I turn what must have been a rather haunted glare on him. When I wake up the next morning, I don't want to. But I don't have that luxury. So, with some difficulty, I finally drag myself up. I feel no better once at school. she says, grabbing my arm to stop me. But I just can't. But it seems I won't be able to stop it from happening anyway. Once there, I shut myself in the most secluded one, lean my back against the closed door, and slowly sink down to a sitting position. I can't do this. A week goes by, and we have just gone back to the way we were before. After a few days of trying to be normal, trying to continue sitting with my own friends at lunch, I find I just can't do it. I start spending less and less of our time for lunch actually in the cafeteria, until, after maybe a week, I stop going all together. At home, I've been spending most of my time sitting alone in my room. I curl up in my bed one night, in the midst of all this, reflecting on everything and feeling fairly miserable. I miss him, I miss him so much. It still hurts, but after about a month, I'm finally feeling ready to accept that this is happening. A big reason why this has hurt me so much is because I really love him, something that still hasn't changed. Reflecting on what I've done, I think I really was trying to push them away. I walk purposefully towards the table and sit down. Archer says immediately. Rowen, who happens to be next to me, pulls her chair closer and hugs me. I breath, letting out a breath I hadn't realized I'd been holding. she bites the side of her lip, growing serious again. I sigh a little. I say. In general, after all of this, I feel…older, somehow. I'd like to say I feel more mature, but I don't know if that's true. I'm trying not to let my mind fall into that potential chasm of worry, but I can't seem to forget Lauren's words from earlier. I'm feeling literally sick with concern and fear. he goes on, still sobbing, hardly seeming to have heard me. I'm feeling absolutely torn. Taylor starts again, and I realize that his voice is slowly moving from the broken, sobbing sound to a flat, dull monotone. I know, absolutely, that I wouldn't be able to handle Taylor's death. Wait. Taylor answers dully. He says in a strange voice, sounding weirdly confused. Taylor says bitterly. The first thing I take in is his bruised, bloody form. The first thing I do is take the gun away from him, carefully, and set it down a good distance away. He's been really close to this breaking point. I've realized that it's pretty important. He takes a deep breath before speaking again, in halted, broken sentences. I approach as slowly as possible. I don't feel anything. I end up being the one to call, simply dialing 911 and giving a brief explanation. I tell the police everything that I know about the situation, about Taylor's relationship with his father, everything I can think of. More of the story comes out. The police try to recreate the scene, exactly what happened between Taylor and his father today. At some point, Taylor's mother had been called; she was away on a business trip of some kind, but is on her way home now. Finally, after a few hours, the police leave. At some point, I actually have the presence of mind to call my parents and tell them what's going on. His mother is supposed to be arriving home any minute. I also wonder what will happen to us if Taylor's father wakes up from the coma he's reportedly in. She's quite pretty, actually; I can see immediately that Taylor inherited his fine features from her. Finally, the time for words between them seems to have ended. Taylor says with raw emotion, immediately hugging his mother once again. School that week is rather hellish for me. And when people aren't practically harassing me, they're staring at me. I almost consider not going to school myself, but I'm afraid that, if I do, it'll just be worse whenever I go back. I don't think I'd have made it through the week if not for my friends. I really hate all of it. Either way, I'll make it through, somehow. Other than that, I've been putting all the effort I have into supporting Taylor. It's Friday afternoon, and I'm at Taylor's house, as has been the usual for most of the week. Most of our time together has been spent in silence, casual conversation, or the occasional moments of Taylor trying to untangle some of his thoughts and feelings a loud. However, I know a lot of what's been happening. The police have officially decided to write it off as self-defense on Taylor's part, and have recommended that Taylor and his mother press charges against his father for assault. Taylor closes his eyes and presses his face into my shoulder. I wisely resist the urge to snort at that. Taylor continues, becoming quite engrossed with his narrative. I blink a couple of times, surprised. It's very strange for me right now, because it's like Taylor's speaking to me, yet he's not. Abruptly, his expression loses the faraway gaze, and he really looks at me again. It's also very, very interesting, enlightening, and at times heart-warming, for me. He furrows his eyebrows, once again staring off into nothingness. Taylor smiles slightly again, with a very sweet feeling to it. I say, somewhat quietly. He shivers slightly, and pauses again before going on. Taylor says this words with absolutely sincerity, and his eyes search mine for something. I say, shrugging slightly. I expect him to continue, but he doesn't. I lead on, hoping against hope that he'll keep going, tell me why. Immediately, I feel guilty for trying to push him, trying to push the topic. Taylor shakes his head slightly. It's painful for me, to hear him, to see him like this. I'm impressed, and relieved, that he's been able to pull himself together as well as he has. We lapse into a comfortable silence for an indeterminate amount of time. I'm reluctant to interrupt, but I felt like I had to. Taylor says, voice laced with more hints of guilt and pain. Somehow, that seems really, really sweet of him. I turn around almost completely and find a way to snuggle even closer to him, in a more comfortable position. He looks at me for a moment, in complete surprise. I blink a few times with surprise. I try to think of a good way to phrase it-  I ask him sympathetically. It's so horrible we have to do this. Taylor asks plaintively. They're supposed to be for students who want to practice with instruments or singing individually, but they also work well for people looking for isolation. I ask, once I've closed the door behind us. he says again, finally. I'm not entirely surrised by this statement. I think on that. I interrupt. Taylor looks at me as though I've grown a third head. I concede to that as well. Taylor says instantly. I love that's it's become easier for him to smile again, lately. I watch his retreating figure for a few moments, feeling glued to the spot. I love him. Chapter 1SuperheroAs a kid, I always wanted to be a superhero. I smiled, brushing my sweat-dampened brown hair out of my eyes. I sighed. I muttered, kneeling beside her to check her pulse. I lifted her limp body gently, surprised by how light she was. I sat on the ground, holding her carefully, as if she might break. I shook my head. Both of the paramedics gave me a strange look. I sat in the friggin' waiting room for what seemed like an eternity. Fifteen minutes later, I was still sitting around twiddling my thumbs. I sighed dramatically. I stalked back to my seat, dejected. I just sat there for a while, staring at the dirty ceiling. Cooper was my one-year-old German Shepherd, and he when he was left alone all night, he had a tendency to eat furniture… lots of furniture. I went back inside and tried to get comfortable in my chair. I rubbed my eyes and got out of the chair. She was propped up on a few pillows, looking confused and frightened. Her eyes brimmed with tears. about . end of that stereotype as I can be. "Once upon a . hello, father, sir. something. the rest by working. blonde man brought the gun down onto my head, knocking me out cold. Valerine Kuyume and Valerane Satomiki have been best since ever since they met in the first grade and found out they look every much alike…and their names were almost identical. Mint had just moved back into Japan after being gone for nearly ten years at the young age of eight. Valerine remembers the little girl he had fallen in love with when he was young. Yup this is the new story I was talking about. Anyway, I have no comment right now, but keep reading, and review! She walked up and stood in front of the classroom. He was the silent, brooding type. I snorted. I sat down at the back of the class. I bent down to the floor to get my books out of my bag. There he was. I studied Ricky West. I saw Jay stiffen as Ricky smirked at him. Ricky asked. Ricky added. He 'dated' one of my friends and dumped her a day later. Ricky drew out. I doubled checked whether my name was on the front of the paper. I tapped him on the shoulder. He took the paper and not-so-subtly read my name. I didn't see what was so amazing about Ricky West. Oh the joys of the circle of life. But if you have an IQ of a snail like some people in school – i. Lola and I said in unison. Lola said. he said biting into his apple. he said taking each of their hands. Ricky said smirking at me. There was a time when Mel and Lola were best friends. To say they never spoke to each other was a lie. Lola stood up faster than lightening. See if I was a moronic, irresponsible teenager I would be on the phone throwing a party. I said to myself. Having said goodbye to Lola and Hans who had history together, I walked off to my own history class. Ricky stopped in front of the guy that was seated next to me. He gave me a once over. I walked off in a random direction. he started. I said trying to sound seductive. I thought Ricky would shudder and leave me alone. I was lost. Ricky said. Ricky said thoughtfully. The word 'okay' was on the tip of my tongue. Hans said unfazed by my sudden angry demeanour. Ricky said as he flopped down on the seat next to me. He kept calling me 'Jamie Stewart' because I hadn't introduced myself? After the whole skipping class incident, Ricky didn't sit with us at lunch. But I was in for a shocker when I saw Lola and Hans sitting next to each other talking, while a person - that much resembled the back of Ricky - was sitting in front of them. Hans said poking at his salad. Ricky turned to look at me. Oh look, hell's frozen up. I admitted. I looked at him and then at the school. I got onto Ricky's motorbike and we sped off just as the bell rang. Ricky mumbled through his helmet. Head held high, we stood firmly together and walked towards Mrs Pauls and Mel. Mr Pauls said to Mel. I say. I nod trying to put on my best innocent look. Mr Pauls' assistant shakes her head at the two of us. he shouts. The two of us are laughing as we race out of the office. Ricky pushes the doors open. Thanks for reading! Disclamimer - I don't own anything recognisable - i. he's a she. crime. also black. his lips. Arden observed a drip of perspiration fall between the nearest collared human's cleavage, the enslaved female holding out a tray topped with a cool, extravagant beverage. Arden agreed, fully aware of her blood-soaked history and the purposelessness of her previous violence. Tolls made her rich, but the money she did not reinvest into her dilapidated space station. Standing from his overly cushioned seat, Arden moved toward the energy barrier separating the Mistress's plush balcony from the dingy venue. How fantastic the livestock was, considering the venue. Drinta's well-guarded balcony sat where she could easily enjoy the show—where her subjects could see her and never forget who was in charge. And down she went, a river of flesh rippling over blood red silk, spinning, falling, torsion mangling her showcase. Ahh, yes. Like others of his species, the huge male did not emote. The way the giant stroked that mane of dark purple hair and watched her perform was so unlike an Axirlan. Though his face was impassive, he could not look away—not when she sought an embrace from her master and was gifted with more. There was no hesitation in the submissive young woman to get on her knees and perform. Drinta's choice of words was not lost on the emissary. I woke up with a twitter in my stomach and my palms sweaty; I always dreaded the first day of school. As I was getting out of bed I heard a loud knock on my bedroom door. 'I'm up, I'm up. My mom was sitting at the table with Jamey, eating. I smiled, grateful for breakfast being ready as my stomach growled impatiently. 'You know I don't really mind,' he said, but I could tell he was only saying that to please our mother. 'So, did you hear? 'Oh really? Annie grinned. A few minutes later we pulled up to the school and parked. Suddenly, as if he felt me staring at him he looked up and right into my eyes. I tried not to roll my eyes; my mother kept telling me how rude the gesture was. 'Eh. And with that I hurried to my first homeroom of the new semester. Other than our little group, I didn't really have many friends at school. 'I heard that too,' Emily Short said, pushing her glasses back into place where they had slipped down her nose. 'It's true,' Megan said; she was considered an authority on the subject of the Riley twins since she lived only two houses away from the mysterious new transfer students. The girls at the table mulled over this new information while eating. The rest of the day seemed to fly by. Finally, the class was settled and our English teacher, Mrs. Kramer, began to take roll call. 'Jackson Riley,' Mrs. Kramer called a few minutes later, catching my attention. 'See anything you like? After class I gathered up my things, stuffing them into my bag. I shook my head, failing to see what the fuss was all about. 'I don't know. 'Pfft. I looked to where Annie was gesturing and saw that Jamey was hanging out in the senior parking lot talking with a group of friends. 'Yup. 'Are you really surprised? 'Ugh. Annie grinned wickedly and I knew she did it just to get on my nerves. 'Want to hang out tonight? I admitted that she knew me too well and after a small debate we decided to go to Westview Square. I was standing in one of the cramped aisles of The Book Mark leafing through the pages of an old paperback fantasy novel when I noticed someone standing at the end of the aisle. Ben seemed more like my brother, had that whole popular thing going for him. Jackson was almost completely opposite. He laughed. 'Oh? 'Don't be ridiculous; I just told you, my friend is waiting for me. 'Please, let me by,' I nearly growled. As I predicted, Annie was impatiently waiting for me outside the theater. Annie laughed as we headed back to her car. I spluttered, glaring at him. He told me, pushing his glasses up on his nose. Usually after school, or before. I found myself spluttering all over again, closet nerd? I spluttered once more, pressing them down for any wrinkles. I didn't even know what a 'wookie' was, but it sounded rather insulting. I tried to see my hair in the reflection of the black computer screen, but it was no good. I plucked my book off my lap, stuck it in my shoulder bag and logged off the computer. he called out, and all these girls looked up from their books and giggled at me. I shook my head no, and with a frown snatched it out of his hands to browse it. He informed me, leaning back against the book case. He said, cheerfully. He said, leaning back in his chair and crossing his arms. It had been about a month since I had met Ryan, the idiot. He could be really annoying sometimes – but this was the first time he ever actually made me annoyed annoyed. I said, too distracted by his hair stroking to say anything else. I said, snappily. He muttered, and went to stand up, but I tugged on his arm. I said, crossing my legs on the chair and observing him. I said, befuddled. Oh. I had literally pounced on him so that I was now straddling him, and then I pressed my lips against his. Ryan froze, and for a second I thought he was just going to go get off, biiaatch and knock me onto the library floor. I do not know why I spent all that time kissing all those popular good looking jerks – God, if I knew what I had been missing. Ryan pulled away and I went  in protest, I looked up at him. He went to open his mouth, but I couldn't let him. The first in my many cliché series – I am gonna write a story for every cliché I think of! Melanie Bradford sat on the stone bench outside her sister's garden shed. Not that Melanie begrudged Anna any of her happiness. And it wasn't as if Melanie was so far gone as to be completely without prospects. 'He,' of course, was the bane of Melanie's existence, the thorn in her side, and the love of her life. Melanie released a rather unladylike snort. Well, he can just go and hang himself! No, flowers were not for her. There was the obvious answer, of course. The garden was quiet without Anna's slightly off-tune humming and Jack – an orphan Anna had taken under her wing – running about. Perhaps she would be able to think of a solution there. Sighing, James ran a hand over his face. Well, perhaps not convince, per say, so much as…coax. God, he hoped she wasn't too upset over the long wait. Thus he had waited until his uncle had agreed to him getting a town house of his own, where Melanie could be mistress and not have to deal with his mother, sisters, aunt and cousin. He sighed and scuffed his boot against the carpet as Averill walked through the room with a valise in each hand, Ellis following behind him with a similar load. There really were too many women in the Fulton household, he decided. The answer to her dilemma concerning James and matrimony had come to her. Melanie had left the park feeling supremely confident in her plan, but now the doubts were beginning to cloud her mind. Well, this time around, she was going to take matters into her own hands. She was normally a very calm, reserved lady, but James, it seemed, had brought out a predator in her. James heaved a sigh as he ushered the women to a row of empty seats. The Gardyner twins were a petite, well-mannered pair. A tap on his shoulder made him turn around in his seat. James smiled, then frowned. He smiled at her as he closed the door behind him. Melanie smiled in response, though inside she was frowning. He did so without qualm, and Melanie licked her lips nervously. Inwardly steeling herself, Melanie reached out and dragged James' mouth to hers. Melanie wanted to roll her eyes. she assured him and leaned up for another kiss. Well, you had better not! Seduction. That was true. James thought he heard something of a sarcastic edge in her voice, but before he could wonder further over that, she had her lips against his once more. She kissed him again, with such blatant and innocent passion that James momentarily gave in. Letting his legs fall to either side of the chaise to give him leverage, James sat up and looked her in the eye. James' hand froze in its stroking of her hair, and he stared at her. And with that, she stood and stormed out of the room, leaving a completely baffled James behind her. Melanie fell silent for awhile, looking out over the fields and hills of Hyde Park. Devil take it, there had to be something she could do. Anna was married and surely knew of such things, but she was all the way out in Wiltshire. Melanie smiled, and saw his eyes grow wary. Suddenly, someone flung himself into the chair across from James. James repeated, sagging back into his chair. Drawing in a deep breath, she stepped down from the hackney and handed the driver his pay. She almost turned around and left, but then she was at the door of the chamber, turning the knob slowly. There was a smile in his voice, and the hairs on the back of Melanie's neck stood up. he instructed. Nonetheless, Melanie slowed her movements. He shifted, pulling something out from his coat pocket, his head bent to look at it. For a long moment, Melanie could only stare at him in complete astonishment. she raged. James stopped in the entryway and watched her slam the door in his face. Melanie couldn't help it. James stared at her for a very long pause. Attending your parent's tacky Christmas party as a teenager is considered to be ultimate social suicide. Instead of our original plans, I find myself wearing a pair of flashing reindeer antlers and playing the waitress by carrying around a platter of hors d'oeuvres. Anyhow, standing in the sitting-room corner with the half-empty plate of cream cheesed fish in one hand and my third glass of wine in the other, things are beginning to look a lot brighter. They both take one as my mother sniggers next to me. It's only now that I notice the very tall and slender man, a fair few years older than me, standing awkwardly behind them, painfully looking like he needed to skip the Pinot and move straight onto the vodka. As the silence continues, I come to realise with a dropping feeling that this is what my mother likes to think of as her 'match-making'. I manage to find a dusty bottle of lemonade at the very back of the larder - it's probably been sitting there for the past three years, back when mum had decided that she was going to stop drinking alcohol for her better health. Damn. Another, more prolonged, silence this time falls, during which the kitchen clock ticks with a horribly loud echo, emphasising every single stiff moment. Very thankfully, just as the silence is nearing the 'I'd rather jump off a cliff than endure this any longer' stage, mother enters, with a smile belong to one obviously drunk, and a teeter in her step. Clyde gives her a very forced smile and a nod before speaking  I raise an eyebrow over my Mother's head as she beams up at him. he flashes her a charming smile, -why isn't he so smooth with me? He graciously takes the tray from her, not even bothering to comment about the six other semi-full trays already through there as I would have done, and ambles out of the room, stooping slightly as to not hit his head on the doorframe. she hesitantly begins and I know what's coming. I murmur, knowing deep down how truthful her words are, but still wanting to be able to refuse to believe it. I leave the room without any more of a protest. I can't help but grin back. A pinkish hue seeps its way into his face. I woke up with gum in my hair, my paper only half done, with thirty minutes until my interview started for my first choice job. I felt someone shake my shoulder. Blinking several times as I looked from side to side, I slowly began taking in my surroundings. The Word document I had open was mockingly staring at me. I shrieked, finally managing to find my voice as I looked around frantically for my roommate. I moaned and shoved my hands into my hair as I stood up in my chair. I snapped, moving to shoulder past her but she quickly grabbed my arm so I couldn't move anywhere else. Right in front of me was a huge wad of gum, entangled in my hair for everyone to see. I stopped midsentence, knowing exactly what it was that Gabby was referring to. I knew she had a point, but at the same time, I couldn't stand the idea of losing the bangs that always perfectly framed my face, but what option did I have? I felt her pull my hair, hearing the quick snip as Gabby hastily hacked off my hair. It was a job as a consultant that offered sixty grand annually as a starting salary. She grinned as she yelled a 'good luck' to me, the door slamming shut behind her as she ran out of the dorm. At exactly 8:35, I was flying out of the front door of my dorm building and running towards the subway station that was a ten minutes away from where I lived. Because of the fact I lived right around the corner from Broadway, I knew there would always be a barrage of taxis barreling down the avenue. I walked up to the roadside, trying to flag down a cab. As the cars continued to move, I realized that this was simply not working. Cursing everything about my life, I began running down the sidewalks of Broadway as quickly as I could. Just as I thought that maybe I had control over the morning mayhem, I felt my ankle twist beneath me. I groaned when I realized what had happened. Regardless, I pulled out the extra pair of flats I always kept in my bag for emergencies. 8:42 AM. This is cutting it way too close. I cheered to myself when I ran into the subway station, finally shielded from the downpour of rain that hadn't let up the entire time I was outside. Hastily, I pulled my wallet out of my bag and walked towards the turnstile. I bit my lip, struggling to keep the stream of profanities from spewing out. At least he looked as miserable as I did at the moment. I grumbled to myself, tossing my bag onto the table. Couldn't they have taken pity on the girl who looked like a wet rat? The officer looked through my bag slowly as I tapped the table surface impatiently with my wallet. I retorted, slamming my fists down on the table. the other officer said, his hand slowly shifting to his waistband and the other up to the radio on his shoulder. The officer I now knew as Stryker replied, humor dancing in his eyes. He warned, taking his hat off. He placed his hat back, shadowing the distinct features on his face. The hustle from this morning suddenly seemed like such a waste. Stryker glanced over at his partner and Porter immediately nodded. I didn't know what to do as I stood there silently watching them prepare everything to move. Stryker said, guiding me up the stairs. The cop snapped at me, the smile that was on his face as he spoke with Stryker immediately wiped off. Stryker replied back slowly, pulling me back so that he was partially shielding my body. I gave the other annoyed officers a victorious smile as Stryker guided me towards the back seat of the car. Suddenly the car lurched forward and I realized that we were speeding down the streets of New York at a speed that was definitely illegal. But Stryker acted like Porter wasn't driving over sixty miles per hour on the city roads. I pouted, ignoring the grin on both of their faces. I grabbed my purse and got out of the door that Stryker was holding open. Without thinking, I pushed up on to my toes and kissed him swiftly on the cheek. I could officially say this was the worst and most embarrassing morning of my life. After one hellish week of studying, writing papers and taking finals, I was finally done. When I came back, I managed to type out the last few pages of my paper and slip it into my professor's mailbox with minutes to spare. I ran into my room and began looking for an outfit to wear while also texting a few of my other college friends that I knew were still around this late. I had told Gabby everything the very second I walked through the door after dropping off my paper. I slipped on the black dress I usually chose for our girls' nights out. I turned on my laptop, opening my Gmail to see if anything had come in from the Deloitte recruiter. I was working up the courage to open the e-mail when all of a sudden I heard a knock on my door. He grinned at me, taking his hat off and tucking it under his arm. I muttered under my breath, turning back to my laptop. I immediately blushed, thinking about that horrendously awkward kiss I had planted on his cheek. Officer Stryker moved towards me slowly, crouching down so that he was squatting in front of me. I smiled softly and hesitantly reached towards my mouse. The rest of it was just a blur. I said, though I wasn't really paying attention to what he was saying. He smiled in that breathtaking fashion again. I hesitated for a brief moment, realizing I had just texted most of my friends that I was going to be meeting up with them. Wuuuuhhh? Anyway, I kind of really… REALLY love these characters. That's it for now :) I have nothing new to say, except for that Eight Years will probably be my next update. I spat out a mouthful of coffee (or something that was supposed to be coffee. She counted off the list on her fingers, and I noticed that her nails were now painted black. I started, trying to refrain myself from strangling her. She reminded me cheekily, punching me on the shoulder, albeit with slight difficulty. I said, waving her off like an annoying bee, and moved suavely towards Kate, my hands tucked into the pockets of my faded jeans. I found that very hard to believe, but I nodded in agreement anyway, letting her stir me into an empty Chemistry lab, and sat on one of the squeaky stools. I racked my brain for an excuse. She muttered, crossing her arms and inspecting her freshly-painted nails. And then Rachel beamed. she said slowly, like I was some kid who didn't know the difference between zebra and giraffe (only a loser wouldn't know that giraffes have black and white stripes all over their body. I felt embarrassed by the crimson that was creeping its way to my cheeks. Okay. She asked, almost sounding impressed. I said, laughing gawkily. I leaned against the cold, uncomfortable chair and sighed noisily to myself. I remarked dryly. I retorted, trying to control the bubbling anger. she greeted us with a smile, but somehow I didn't think she was talking to me. I fixed my stare on Michael as they sat down. I asked nonchalantly. He explained slowly. It took me all the power I had in me to stop myself from running over and punching the living daylight out of him. I turned the doorknob and ran down the stairs, trying to figure out why I couldn't stop thinking about Ray when Zoe said she loves me. Rachel protested indignantly, her eyes still glued to the screen. She said dramatically. Where is that girl? It was a small mall, with less than a hundred shop lots and had just enough space for one cinema. I scanned through the message once more and rolled my eyes. Yes. I told her. I sank down on the steps in front of her house, feeling like a complete douche bag. I told her calmly, looking up from my spot to get a better view of her. I'm a smart guy. The words tumbled out of my mouth before I could help it. And I swear, those were my own words. -. He rubbed his head, pissed off at being sidetracked enough to actually hit it this time. The reason he couldn't help but gawk at the guy was because he dressed like such an idiot. She turned and walked away from him, expecting him to follow. He didn't hear her. He blushed, mad and disgusted with himself. Heather yelled, and Kyle just smiled on the inside, face keeping that I'm-better-than-you look. Though he didn't know much about the reason, Heather and Lucy had hated each other since the first grade. Kyle answered, trying to say it thoughtlessly. He got up from his seat and walked over to her. Trying to keep his composure, he mumbled a quiet 'fuck you' before going to the next desk. She was still smiling; did hurting other people make her happy or something? Wait… why would it matter if he was in Joey's group? At least that's what he was telling himself. This was disgusting, revolting, fucking scary. Jacqueline was caught off guard by Heathers words, Kyle could tell, but she wasn't hurt. And it did, or course. Joey whispered to his sister. Sure, Kyle could see where he was coming from. Joey smiled a little. It was just because he'd never been this close to him. Lucy stuck her tongue out at him, winning this little fight for the day. Kyle said, his face vacant. He didn't need to get over anything. enjoy :)Of Coffee and Broken Elevatorsa oneshot by peanuts and paydays. Mark paused with his hand near the register. Mark watched as Emily took a sip of her drink, made a face, and proceeded to toss it in the trash can near the door of the bakery. But it wasn't my fault that cute familiar-looking-bakery-guy decided to show his concern on the wrong day. In fact, I think I'd handled the situation quite nicely. Granted, he didn't exactly know it was me he was with, since the elevator's lights had shut down after the door had closed and it was completely one-hundred-percent dark in here. I stopped twiddling my hair. A lightbulb went off in my head. Even though it was a joke at the time, I knew there was some sort of truth behind it. When Kent had asked me out, my initial reaction was a flat out  After much persuading from Kent and even Carly, I'd finally agreed to go out once. Her words seemed to speak to me at this moment. I grinned at the revelation of his name, then frowned and tugged self-consciously at my own shirt. Huh. I said, trying to assure him. I almost let out a squeal of affection. No! I sneered at myself. I shifted around on the floor, trying to get comfortable while smirking at Mark's protests. I explained. Kent had, as I'd mentioned before, taken me to one of those restaurants on her first date. I decided to comment with a,  and asked the next haunting question. His words hung in the air as I tried to think of more questions. My eyes flew open as the door abruptly opened. He didn't sound cynical and he didn't even sound angry. Except Carly was wrong. Where's my conscience when I need it? I gave myself a mental pat on the back and smiled. well, there goes my first oneshot. Barton's life was perfect. for chicks. in? A/N I know I have a million things to update, but I'm at a friend's house and. And yes, this is a one-shot. It is strange to me, to have fallen for someone so dissimilar to myself. Donnie, however. Donnie is probably the least likely person to becalled beautiful. I was sixteen when I first started paying any sort of attention towards him. The first time that I can remember ever watching him with anything but distaste was during one lunch-time in late summer. I always wondered why Donnie Avis did not go to a special school. I had muttered as my group passed him, and he had not moved. The words weren't really spoken that harshly, but the way I reached out and pushed his shoulders was violent. His eyes were trained on my lips as I spoke, and they narrowed when I was done. I asked, not taking my eyes away from him. To my friends, the situation may not have seemed too unusual. After that, I started noticing Donnie everywhere. He was not beautiful. I still do not know what had come over me. After a while of watching Maria and Donnie converse, I had made myself known. I answered, turning around to leave. I did not notice this until I was around back, concealed from sight. I asked again, finding the question silly as I knew he could not answer. He was not beautiful. After a short hesitation, his hands braced against my chest to push my away, he gave in. His body was shivering against mine, and I found my arms wrapping around him, trying to shield him from the cold rain. I am not one for sympathy; I never have been, and I doubt I ever will be. Donnie never seemed to stop crying. When I woke up the next morning, his body close to mine, bare beneath the sheets, I did not even consider freaking out again. Donnie is so very far from beautiful. The day after I took Donnie's virginity, school had been terrifying. And sometimes, just sometimes, I'm glad that he is so un-beautiful. And then . So, if you're ever in the mall, with a friend or by yourself, and this guy (it doesn't matter if he's hot - tall, dark, handsome, and with the most gorgeous eyes you have ever seen) comes up to you out of nowhere and says  don't ask for the money up front. Because if you say yes . Hullo Everyone :D! But on Christmas, every single person on that side of family flocked to our house. See, the Higgins had moved out to California this past summer because of my Uncle Charlie's job. I wouldn't have minded that much if the Walshs had to give up one Christmas Eve so that someone else could host it. But I had only been on a plane once. I saw my dad about four or five times a year, but he always drove down to Long Island to see me. I checked the directions and turned onto a highway exit. The endless evergreens finally started to turn into a couple buildings that were spaced pretty far apart. The sidewalks and the street were completely deserted. I knew my father's house was about a mile past town, but I wasn't sure how exactly to get there. A white car was heading straight towards me. Staring straight ahead through the windshield, I breathed heavily, nearly hyperventilating. The boy casually looked from one car to the other, as if this near death experience wasn't thrilling enough for him. One more step forward put me directly in front of him, almost as close as our cars were currently situated. His eyes widened before he put his hands up defensively. After a few more fruitless tries, I finally got the door to swing open. I knocked once again, louder this time, figuring that my dad just couldn't hear me over the television. I shrugged. He laughed and ushered me in, closing the door behind me. My father was sitting at the table with the morning's newspaper in his hand. I lied. I exclaimed, the memory resurfacing to the front of my mind. Since the town had always been so small, there were a limited number of kids around our age. I had spent most of my time with Eric, although it had been unwillingly. Emil watched the street through the restaurant window. The door opened and a Norse god walked in. Kurt's eyebrows dipped as he looked around the restaurant. Emil stood up and waved Kurt over. Kurt's hand was huge. Stupid, stupid. Emil grinned, bringing a twinkle to his eyes. Emil's voice was like a melody. Kurt said to Emil. Kurt was about to agree when Emil shook his head, his hair shifting across his shoulders. The waitress waited a beat, glancing at Kurt. Why had Emil invited him here? Two young women walked by, their eyes in Emil. But of course the man was good looking, Peregrine loved beautiful things. Emil glanced down at the table, so Kurt couldn't read his inner laughter—Peregrine said Emil's face was the window to his soul. Mentioning the names of those old school mates meant that he'd spoken to them. The waitress brought out the freshly charred meat. Kurt ate each piece as he sliced it off. Kurt's face stilled. Emil asked. Kurt picked up his utensils and dug back into his steak. How in the world did this man, this kid, know Kurt had asked Peregrine to leave him? Kurt looked over the page. How much did Emil know about him? Emil sighed. Kurt really didn't know Emil at all if he didn't realize just how serious he was. Emil nodded. Emil knew that was unfair. Did Kurt just think he was going to growl and Emil would bare his throat? Emil took a slow deep breath. Emil smiled. Kurt nodded slowly while nibbling on his upper lip. Kurt did not understand this kid at all. Kurt finished his steak before he realized it. Emil was still working on the second quarter of his steak. Life would be easier if Emil would just step away, but that wouldn't make Peregrine any happier. Kurt swallowed hard, shifted in his seat, and picked up his fork. Emil was grinning. Hello there! left? just hoped she liked him half as much as she liked Mr. Hudson. Hey guys. So while I'm working on overcoming my writing block, I decided to upload a story I uploaded once to FP. Just a fair warning - it's the first book I have ever written in English. It may sound ridiculous, unreal even, but I knew the moment I saw him, deep down inside, that I was done for. But when I walked in the sea promenade one sunny afternoon, I saw a guy standing at the shore in sweatpants and no shirt. I stopped just to watch him, feeling something inside of me stirring. I have no idea for how long I stood there, just watching that guy's back while he stretched his muscles, but when he finished, apparently, he turned from the sea so I could see his profile just for a moment before he started running along the shore. I couldn't move, couldn't walk away, even minutes after he was gone. But even if my posture looked normal, my insides were all mush, my face slightly flushed, my heart beating like mad, my knees weak. With that thought in mind, I ordered myself to forget about the mysterious guy and continue with my life. A nonentity if you will. I remember standing in my drab black clothes at the funeral wondering what was going to happen to me. I remember overhearing this from the two police officers who invaded my home hours after I found out that I was alone in the world. The man in the suit muttered something unintelligible. In the silence the fat rain drops spattered on the double grave between us and the man stared at me. I became aware of his accent, British I thought. He turned around and walked away. I watched him walk away. We were right in front of a limo. He was everything I wasn't. I finally looked up at his eyes, they were looking past me. you. eyes belonged to him. I realize I haven't updated my story since August and I am a horrible person…but I need to pull this down until I either have a beta or re-edit everything to my satisfaction. I was seriously considering pulling this down off the site. I can't stress strongly enough that this is an M rated story. This isn't a simple love story. It was a moment of weakness for sure, or maybe an act of desperation that lead me to the place beside this frightening, enigmatic man. They were searching house to house, and not just asking in the doorway, like polite well-behaved civil servants. I saw him moments after I hung up. Shhh. All the lights were off and the place was silent, the way I liked it. As soon as they were gone he sprang into action. Naked, he stepped from the tub and took me by the arm. he explained, as we moved down my hall to the bedroom. Once in the attic, we climbed over beams and insulation to get to the end over the garage storage area. That's how I found myself in the storage space over the expensive cars parked in the detached garage. He whispered quietly in my ear. He moved then and I saw a small light come on beneath the canvas. It was then that reality hit me. Would he kill me to keep his secrets safe, or would he choose to listen to the part of his soul that asked to bear the cross over his heart? He had the towel I'd given him but he didn't seem to care if he was covered or not. But it was a problem for me. I finally became brave enough to meet his eyes, and found him gazing at my face. I looked into his eyes for an uncomfortable minute, then started trying to slide my body a bit further away from his without it looking intentional. I could feel his hands moving along my back, slipping absently through my hair. His whisper was as soft as the brush of his lips on my forehead. I wanted to laugh out loud, but it would have been dangerous. he murmured, once again in charge. For just a moment he looked at me uncomprehending and even a little fearful. He attacked me then, not with violence, but with a bursting dam of passion. I was moaning and gasping, urging him on. I couldn't stop touching him and kissing him and his hands kept caressing my body. Then he disappeared into the darkness. I woke up to the predawn light sifting in through the tiny decorative window. It was starting to sink in how impulsive and stupid my actions had been. The sun continued to rise, and about an hour later, I heard footsteps. I ran through several scenarios in my mind of how I could get back home. The sun came up along with the morning activity all around: cars on the roads, birds chirping, someone mowing their grass in the distance. When the side door opened, I waited breathlessly as I heard the attic steps being lowered. He was well dressed, showered, and shaved. he breathed against my neck. When the wave finally crested and we were both spent, I helped him dress and forgot what I had said. He handed me a paper bag and shook his head. I cautiously opened the bag and found several bagels, slathered in cream cheese and wrapped in plastic. At a convenience store gas station, I was able to clean myself up a bit in the bathroom, but he seemed nervous and jumpy when I came back to the car. I studied his profile as he drove, noting that there was a dagger tattoo showing above the crisp white collar of his shirt. When he finally started to speak he didn't turn to look at me but kept his eyes focused on the road. He smiled as if remembering a happier time, and I noticed his teeth would have been perfect if not for a chipped canine. The car accelerated with his mood, and I reached out to touch his arm. He squeezed my fingers. I found myself in charge of a smuggling operation – very lucrative and very dangerous. "It would have been better if we had followed in the footsteps of Romeo and Juliette and killed ourselves. I first noticed him in tenth grade. I never asked him. At first glance, he appeared to be the stereotypical hipster. And he was my guilty pleasure. I saw him once, outside of school, in a local coffee shop where I was taking my fake-girlfriend on a date. I didn't know if I was gay or bi or what, but my quixotic fascination with him grew into an almost-stalkerish crush pretty quickly. I made a noise somewhere between disgust and agreement. That class was death. Matt wouldn't have touched an advanced class with a twenty-nine-and-a-half foot pole. Just then, the bell rang, and I looked sadly at my sandwich, which I was going to regret not having finished, later. I mounted the stairs with a bit of nervous excitement. She decided of prolong the anticipation by explaining the project before assigning partners. Mrs. Larson admitted after a second,  I tuned out at that point, and determinedly kept my face blank. Oh, crap, oh, crap, oh, crap, oh, shit,oh, crap. he said, turned around in the seat and smiling. Okay, this is a dream, I thought. Nope, definitely a dream. I replied, managing to conjure up a not-fake smile. I blew the dust off of a remote bag of microwavable popcorn that I discovered in the bottom of the pantry, and unwrapped it to cook. She asked, although I know she didn't really care. she said, and wandered toward the back of the apartment. I said with a nod. The first door on the upstairs hallway bore a poster of The Jonas Brothers, so I knew immediately that it certainly did not belong to a certain pop-culture-eschewing hipster. That had to be it. A second later, the music cut off abruptly. he said hurriedly, waving me in and closing the door behind me. He got up and opened the door, walking down the hallway. Nolan and I looked at each other with shared horror, and then laughed, abruptly, the ice finally broken. I set it down near the desk, when we returned, and Nolan unashamedly started his Lady Gaga CD back up, and we got down to Government business. That sounds awful, but it was true. Speaking of the report, we were almost done. I decided suddenly,  Although the nervousness multiplied. He asked, and I shook my head, hoping it didn't come off as rude. You, I thought. Oh, yeah. I answered forcefully. I had blond hair and blue eyes. He gave me an odd look. he reasserted flippantly,  Right, the one about my sexuality. I explained. He leaned over me; I was still in the chair. Smirk grew. A microsecond later, his mouth covered mine, parting my lips, moving so that our breath mingled. I bit my lip to silence a whimper, and brought my hands up to tangle in his hair. I wanted more contact—I needed him closer. When we broke apart again, he murmured,  and led me to his bed, where I was forcefully pushed down. The belt gave in, and the button and zipper of my jeans followed it. Miles paused, gulping a bit as he stared around the room of undesirables. Staring out over the circle, he felt a bit guilty calling then undesirables. Oh yeah, he was insanely lonely. Miles knew that beggars couldn't be choosers but sitting there and watching how many men jotted a check mark at the coordinators words had him wincing. With that in mind, he discreetly excused himself as if to go to the restroom. Speaking of swords, dear God! Money was not something a man in his career line was accustomed to having but having been left a house by his parents he had only to worry about taxes and general bills. He made a decent living as a professor at a rather high end college that actually managed to pay their educators more than a humble salary so he always had money left over after paying his bills up. he grunted and snapped his head up as he, quite literally, walked right into someone. The fellow looked… intimidating. Not sure what else to say, Miles gave an awkward smile and glanced around in an attempt to locate his car. -. Miles winced at the name. -. he said with a shrug. Miles said, clapping him on the shoulder. Verily, it wasn't even in the parlor window to be exact but on one of the display cases that faced the window. What? Stepping to the side towards side where he fleetingly remembered seeing a reception desk, he still could not bare for his eyes to part company with the lovely tattoo, and as such his inattentiveness found him stepping into another person- again. he paused and took a deep breath, swallowed and tried again. Despite how silly it seemed, Miles only understood that the same man he had bumped into twice was a tattoo artist. Miles wondered what he'd do if he just got up and ran for the door. A full two hours later, Miles finally relaxed. Nodding in thanks, he held the mirror up and angled it just so - Ah! Miles flushed. -. Miles spent all day wondering just why the man had asked, well, ordered him to meet him at a restaurant. So when his last class ended at six and he began a slow walk to his car, it was with a notepad and a pencil that he did so. Miles thanked her and sipped the cool liquid and then brought his hand up to cool his face. he said before clearing his throat. -. Miles couldn't believe how amazing he felt. Having never been one for this BDSM crap, Miles was beginning to reevaluate a few things. -. Flushing - and honestly unsure what to say to such a ridiculous remark - he simply pointed to the desks and watched as the kid finally gave up - after offering a sexy wink - and went to sit down. He had no sooner done the latter and released the class then his phone rung. Miles stilled. Odin walked in, pushing the smaller man backwards as he did so. -. Their affair quickly turned from days to week to months and despite his hardest not to hold on to any emotional attachment, Miles was at a loss. He knew he was a fool and it was clear as day that Odin wanted nothing more than a physical relationship. And so Miles determined it was best to enjoy their affair as best he could. -. Miles glanced up from his desk, he couldn't even bring to life the usual likable-annoyance he felt towards the other man. Miles mused on his students words of wisdom as the remainder of his students finally started flooding in. -. It took Miles three days to finally get the nerve to turn Odin down. That was more like it! There was a growl heard on the other end of the phone before silence. Three days passed before he got another call and Lord knew Miles wanted to go. A week quickly came and went with no word and when a month passed Miles started to despair. -. Miles sighed and unwrapped the plain blue wrapping paper. The kid got the message and scurried over to his seat while Miles plopped down in his and buried his face in his hands. -. A week later Miles was trying very hard to come to terms with his idiotic decision to push Odin away in order to keep him. This particular night, whilst talking himself through a million and one reasons why it never would have worked out to begin with as he polished his swords, there was a rather insistent knocking on the door. Miles flushed. Disclaimer: Welcome to another original story by this lunatic. General warning: This story involves a sexual relationship between two women. Tuesday was the worst day ever invented, Jaz was as certain of that as she was the sky was blue. For her, Tuesday was an extremely long day. Jaz drove a tiny three-door hatchback, which she barely fit in. The way that she fit into the automobile seemed to make her favorite target for police when they had  moments; basically, she  when she was driving. This was another reason that she hated Tuesdays. She did not have time to ponder the houses, careers, or majors right now as a uniformed police officer tapped on her window. Jaz was tempted to not disappoint him in that area. Jaz answered, motioning to the red bag in her passenger seat, which she was sure his nosy eyes had already seen. Jaz sighed; this guy certainly was more ambitious than a couple of the other guys that pulled her over. she retorted. She was kind enough to not to point out that he was probably a smart-ass punk when he was her age and that was probably why he got into police work. He gritted his teeth together and she could see the tension work through his whole face. she said with a drawl that dripped of sarcasm. She did turn her music up to what she thought was a decent volume, the bass shook the windows, and she bopped her head while driving. Recognizing the brown brick pillars and white gate caused her to slow down and pull the car to the sidewalk. Shaking that thought off, she walked up the familiar cobblestone path to the large house and rang the bell. She strained her ears to hear light footsteps from inside the house coming close to the door. The door slowly creaked open and Jaz put on a semi-professional demeanor. The now familiar form of who Jaz guessed was the lady of the house appeared. The line and expression got a very shy smile out of the woman. The delivery girl smiled, happy to get someone that was polite for once. The words, or maybe just the easygoing expression, got a shy smile from the woman. Another Tuesday, another reason to hate the day. The quiz had soured her attitude, which was already in the toilet because of her other classes. She was really sick of people in authority roles, including cops, even if there was a burglar stalking the neighborhood. Jaz hopped out of the car, grabbing a plastic bag and a pizza box. The door swung open before Jaz could tease herself any further and the familiar ebony-haired woman answered the door. Jaz continued to smile, enjoying the woman's somewhat gentle presence. Those eyes that she was such a sucker for blinked several times in confusion. Jaz quickly explained as the woman paused for a moment. Mentally, Jaz cursed herself out, pondering what the hell she had been thinking when she came up with this crazy scheme. the woman said as Jaz turned back around. The delivery girl eased herself into the house and the door was quietly closed behind her. Jaz followed behind her host, taking in the rich room that they had to pass through before they got to the living room. For the first time, brown eyes met blue. Jaz handed over the bag she was holding as well, which contained a two-liter bottle of soda. As she settled into her  she noted how soft and plush the carpet was. Scanning the room, Jaz felt like she owed Georgia money just for sitting in it. The television, which was mounted on the wall in front of her, was as long as she was tall. Georgia did chuckle a little, but she was polite enough to duck her head while she did it. Georgia squinted and her eyes searched the floor, as if trying to understand why Jaz would prefer the floor. Georgia replied, getting up and walking over to the entertainment center. Georgia nodded and went to the kitchen while Jaz looked through the DVDs. Jaz replied as she licked her lips in anticipation of eating another slice. Lights are blinding and my chest burns as I breathe. I begin to sob, nearly unable to breathe. I look, as if in slow motion, to the third row of the minivan, and see Molly laying on the ceiling, her seatbelt caught around her waist loosely, holding her hips against the seat above her. Her fingers move, or maybe it's a trick of the headlights still rushing past us. I grab at her jacket, begging, please, not her too. I look up at the man that reaches me first and his eyes remain open while closing and I want to beg him to do something. , I say, looking at my friends, at my mother, as they're pulled from the car by people all yelling things. I watch as Jaymi is laid on the ground, her hair splayed like a dark halo around her head, her face still. A/N: here I am again! get back, I'll see lots of reviews! at her sympathetically. Crystal shrugged. Oh my God! wanted to ask you out. so weird. What do you think? We are wearing our school uniforms, as it is our first day back from summer break. After we give our goodbyes to our parents we walk to the nearest Starbucks for some coffee. Lauren asks with curiosity, as we sit down outside Starbucks to enjoy the oddly warm San Francisco morning. I reply. I have always been a perfectionist. I roll my eyes. As I turn around, a figure bumps into me. He questions with shock. I shake my head. He answers. I mutter. I just continue to furiously scrub on my shirt. I grunt. I hear her call after me. After I finish talking to Mrs. Lowery I head off to the consoling part of the office to pick up my schedule. I nod as my cheeks heat up. He answers. Goth Boy hears Kevin's comment and glances over at us. We watch walk him leave the office and I suddenly out a deep breath that I hadn't realized I'd been holding. Lauren is also a dancer but not as serious as I am. I swear, sometimes Lauren just does that on purpose to make me jealous. Our artistic director makes her way to the front of the studio and claps her hands to get the all dancers' attention. A/N: Lyrics from Jesse McCartney's Between my three best friends, I guess they covered just about every cliché there is. One guess who has been the bridesmaid for the past two weddings? Of all people, I had to have a crush on golden-boy Jared Hortin for the past eight years, and counting. Annie flounced away to look for Dan, leaving a trail of fairy sparkles in her wake. I looked away, feeling baboon-buttocks like blush happily staining my face. I watched helplessly as Casey and Alice were led away by their husbands and felt myself instinctively shrinking into the background. But the faint glimmer of hope was crushed as quickly as it rose. The hand that I placed on his shoulder was numb. Awhile later, Jared stepped out of the locker room and noticed the dented paper box on the floor with his name on it. Jared opened the box. I waited for this day for eight years, but not like this, never like that, never out of pity. And being the coward that I am, I walked away. Before you think that this is cute, it's not. Oh right. Dan blushed a deep red and tried to slide down in his seat while the audience chuckled. He jumped down the stage and sauntered towards me. If you wait long enough, if you look hard enough, you will get your cliche one day. you enjoy it! better disappear because it's giving you away. sip of her drink. maybe he just needs to find the right girl. playboy Kyvan Sparks into a one women man? who has all of Philly thinking he's the shit. him. can't say his voice isn't down right sexy? they're rehearsing just to listen to him. we get to move across town. you. take care of myself. man. Gates. caught up with me. few parties, get drunk off my ass and hopefully find a chic. gigs. bed. of fun. the blonde behind him. PROMISE! Hello everyone! Sunlight flooded into the spacious room of the blank apartment. Estelle looked around her, amazed at the sheer size of her new apartment. She finished with the painting of the living room walls and climbed down the ladder, careful not to fall. She needed to go to the court and change her name. Having light hair and green eyes, she was an outcast to her family with dark hair and dark eyes. Estelle's Grandma had told her. Arms shaking, Estelle tried to calm herself by taking deep breaths. She walked out of the living room and into the hallway that led to the door. Estelle took the elevator to the lobby. Four lifeless bodies laying in pools of blood now take up space on the cold floor of the warehouse, all of them creatures called Beneaths, or to humans, demons. He looked at the wound. He reached for the railing bars to support his balance as he stood up. He dragged himself out of the warehouse and over to his truck that was camouflaged behind some frost covered trees and bushes. Gage dropped the cigarette on the ground and crushed it with a bare foot. Looking back at the warehouse, he frowned. With one large hand, he impatiently tore off the shirt he had just put on, and, slamming the truck door, walked to the end of the icy river. The halls of Marymount Manhattan College, or MMC, were unusually crowded today. Estelle's eyes widened. She put a hand to her temple, struggling not to lose herself. Justin Cooper introduced himself to her in her first class, telling her that he'd be her personal guide. Alyssa unzipped the bag and held up two dresses. Estelle changed and finished with the clasps. Before she could go back in the bathroom and change, Alyssa and Cheyenne took both her wrists and pulled her to the door. For Estelle's benefit, Alyssa told her to sit in the passengers seat of her four door Chevy truck. Alyssa told her that they were going to pick up the boys at Justin's condo. Estelle took a sip, looking into the dancing crowd. One of the boys, Kevin, finally found them at the bar and told them that they found a long booth just overlooking the dance floor. He had been here for a month, and he was bored. Gage just closed his eyes, feeling suddenly tired. As they went separate ways, Gage fought the urge to look back. A beatiful glowing face with a body to match had, unusually, caught his attention. A blond that was dancing with her whispered something in her ear, and finally she opened her eyes to reveal glossy light blue. He couldn't leave now, not yet, not until she came with him for the night. His legs unconsciously lead the way to her. Her eyes widened as she recognized him for what he was. Gage had saw the coldness in her eyes and the wrinkle in her nose. He forced a smile and reached out a hand to stroke her arm. Gage stilled. Justin looked at her, disappointment in his eyes. Gage didn't notice it, but glowing eyes had been snared by his actions towards the human. When they were far into the alley, Gage tried to grab her arm. She ran after that, and only turned around once to see the shock on his face as he felt the blood trickling down his temple with his hand. Gage just smirked down at her in no way amused and in every way dark, showing her his victory. Swinging her leg back, Estelle rammed it into his crotch, hard. Gage didn't follow her, but instead held himself and scowled, a hand braced on the cold ground to keep him from falling completely. What am I to do now? A hired tracker. I'll be a goner. Addison sighed, and pushed herself up into a sitting position. River was cut off by the dial tone. Addie cut him off, pressing her soft, pink lips to his. River finally gave in, slowly and gently at first, gradually increasing the pressure until he was kissing her back with as much fervor as she was putting into it. River could felt his cheeks warm at this. River was confused. Addie sighed. River paused. Addie exclaimed. Some people call me Shaylee. Want to know something pathetic? My determination would turn out to be the end of any dreams I might have had. Please review this story! well, i've stayed away from fictionpress for far too long. this one shot was great to write, i enjoyed it quite a bit. EDIT: oh fuuuuck, i totally forgot! sunday, 9 september, 2007. Well, sort of. When I was fifteen, my parents divorced. I didn't mind the music, and I didn't mind our silence. Ken was their youngest, his older sister and brother already out of home and away in college somewhere, but he was the same age as me, if not younger. Grandpa didn't really have a guest room, just the room my mom and my aunt used to share when they lived here, so that's how come Ken and I ended up sharing the same room. Ken was never really very close with me, and was certainly never my friend, but he was one of the cousins I actually liked, because he never made fun of me or ignored me, and had laughed like crazy the time I had a snake in my pocket and it escaped, causing nearly everyone around to freak and run around while I tried to crawl beneath the table to retrieve it. The guy sitting at the dinner table was far from his nine year old self. Ken tried to be friendly with me, at first, but my bewildered attempts to return his overtures for friendship only confused him, and he never understood it when I would disappear into the woods for hours at a time. Everyone knew what people said about Chase at school, about how he stared at guys in the shower and made passes like he was going to grab their dicks while in the locker rooms. Chase turned at the call, but I was already gone, grabbing my book from where it lay on the dusty-wooden floor. The same jealously as before spurred me to glance upwards and around, spying a tree that might offer me just enough leverage. I could see enough to know that Ken was grinning with laughter about something, his deep voice just barely carrying up to me, not enough to discern words. Stars were beginning to dot the sky,visible through the leaves, when I finally slithered down the tree and put my feet to the somewhat soft ground. When I reached the house, I first stopped at the back pump, running the tepid water into my hands as I scrubbed them together to remove dirt. Unable to force a response from my mouth, to speak around my enlarged and dry tongue, I turned and lightly ran up the stairs just beside the living room, heading for our shared room. I looked over to see Ken standing just in the door, his shoulder holding his weight against the frame as he looked at me with something akin to curiosity in his eyes. Father? It wasn't even dawn by the time I woke up and rolled out of bed the next morning. I went over and looked outside, where the sky was just beginning to lighten. The fishing equipment was in the shed attached to the house, and I had to move Ken's bike from in front of the door before going inside, utilizing the flashlight kept upon the shelf just inside. The grass was damp with the morning dew beneath the soles of my feet, making my toes go numb before I was close enough to hear the water gurgling, but I didn't mind. By the time the sun was up and burned the dew from the grass, I'd caught two small river trout and even an average-sized bass. I didn't respond, just ducked my head further against my knees, eyes staring out at the somewhat clouded water of the river. I let out a strangled laugh, and he rubbed my shoulders a bit; if it were anyone else touching me, I'd have shoved them off and run away. My skin is browned gold from the summer sun, and my feet are just as dark, if not darker, than everything else. Above all else, Ken wears a shoe size probably five times bigger than mine, and the difference is easy to see when we sit so close. It was a somewhat large clearing within a huge clump of thorn bushes, the foliage thick and somewhat uninviting; I only found out about the clearing because I'm foolish and stubborn and pigheaded. It was on the tip of my tongue to mention all the times I had reached this clearing and stripped naked, reveling in the sinful pleasure of being nude while outside, in the middle of a harsh thicket where no one could ever see me. So I moved in front of him and reached up, standing on my toes as I curled a hand to the back of his head and tugged him downwards. The one boyfriend I've ever had didn't like that, he used to bat my hands aside except for when he was too far gone to care. His larger hands settled on my shoulders, fingers kneading, shocking me at how…aroused just that bit of touch made me, my gasp high and somewhat embarrassingly girlish. Lust. We spent the afternoon quietly, lying side by side, half naked in the middle of a thicket. We sneaked outside one night to look at the stars, quietly sitting atop the hood of Grandpa's truck. He bent down and just barely managed to brush a kiss against my mouth before he had to pop back upright, and I teased him for being too tall even as I sat up and turned around, leaning forward for a proper kiss. Ken had his bags ready when his parents pulled into the drive, the two of us looking from the upstairs window, in the room we shared for three months. I didn't care what Grandpa knew or thought as I flew from the back door and into the woods, hiding myself in my grief until darkness had fallen, supper long past. Maybe I'm the weird kid in my family, the one nobody understands. anyway, glad you stuck it out 'til the end. I managed to catch a glimpse of her everyday since I'd read her poetry in class. She had freckles on the tip of her nose and scattered across cheeks that were red from the cold. I let go of her reluctantly, feeling both elated and like a first class shitheel. I fumbled for something intelligent to say and took note of the rest of her. I couldn't help myself. I stepped close, like right into her personal space. I whispered, rubbing her arms. She opened her mouth and then closed it. I slowed down. I grit my teeth. Alice blinked at James and then at me. I gave him the finger without turning around as Alice mumbled a good-bye. Inexplicably, she giggled. She bit her lip and suddenly I was terrified that she would say no. Those three words effectively put the kibosh on my ramblings. She thought I was good-looking! I said nonchalantly, so as not to alert her to my inner happy thoughts. I could feel my ears redden as I heard myself. Happy 2009 guys, I guess I'm not dead afterall! Also, I'd really like to thank you guys for still reading and reviewing my work; you have the patience of many pagan Gods and more! We were standing in my small, messy dorm room and Luke was leaning over me all charming like - and I knew that it was only the phenyl ethylamine that made me feel this way. It was my own fault really. It was crazy, really, because I knew all that. he sounded like he was talking to a small child. Then he leant in. So I shut my eyes. His lips were really soft. Luke's jaw became a little tense,but he didn't move from his position in front of me. Luke asked, and his voice was really commanding. (AN: I felt I should share with you all just how nerdy I really am. Author's Welcome: Hey y'all. She did. She couldn't hear anything except the wails coming from her brand new little siblings. It's none of their business, she thought to herself angrily, glaring at the runners and joggers and old pensioners lazying on the park benches. She didn't stop. She'd been so excited. When they got to the market, she remembered being awed by all the scents and sounds, the hubbub of the nearby villagers and passing tourists. And she was off. An old, crippled man, begging at the corner she was supposed to turn at. Her heart aching at what she knew must be, Chelsea made her way toward the unsuspecting old man, pulling out her money bag as she went. She looked back once, to see him in the same position she'd left him. She was thirteen and in junior high now. She couldn't believe it. And so it was, her first experience of ice-hockey. She loved the game from that very day onwards, and always thought back on it with a longing that was never quite filled again afterward. He never took her anywhere to play again. He probably had never seen a stretch mark in his life. His entourage was similarly dressed, all five or six males dressed in black. Emma thought herself pretty, maybe a little ordinary, but decent nonetheless . Emma drew back her attention into navigating the crowds of the large trendy plaza where she was currently employed at. The sound of cooking could be heard, orders were being called out and the familiar adrenaline started coursing through her as most nights in anticipation of the dinner rush. She took a quick inventory of her station and headed towards the pantry and refrigerator to gather more product and set up for what she knew was going to be busy night. Her head, along with everyone else's drew up. Her large brown eyes flew back to the large intruder her hands quickly patted her work station until her trembling fingers came into contact with a small parry knife. Patrick softly spoke trying to ease her panic. A small cynical smile curved his thin lips. A/N: A couple months ago, I thought,  Then I sat down to type and gave birth to this monster. It's a rivalry on par with the Montagues and the Capulets, the Hatfields and the McCoys, Apple and Microsoft. Well…okay. And blood has, in fact, been shed! We've been in a war with each other since before I can remember. I don't even remember how the feud started; I just know that I've hated the Bowman boys since I was a kid. There are four of them and only three of us, so we have to compensate for being outnumbered by being extra clever. Then there are the Bowmans: Colin, Gavin, Joey, and Dougie. And then there's Colin. Colin Bowman has no heart. I roll my eyes. I smirk. That's how things work in the Garrity household. Ten minutes later, Maggie has finally parted with her beloved sketchbook and Casey and Dad have finished their game of catch in the backyard. Dad chuckles. That just makes my parents laugh harder. A couple minutes later, we pull into their driveway, and I instantly put my guard up. My family goes up and rings the doorbell. I smile and lean into the embrace. It's kind of heartbreaking that someone as nice as her could have had a husband as shitty as Mr. Bowman. Maggie nods, and my parents and Mrs. Bowman head into the kitchen. I yell, but I'm too late. The two of us proceed hesitantly down the stairs. Sure, Gavin may have designed the trap, but we all know who the real culprit is here. We trudge upstairs. I scowl darkly. When the song ends, Colin and I turn to look at each other for the first time since we've sat down. It seems kind of silly to still be doing this now that we're seventeen, but we've done it every year since before I can remember. When Colin sees what I've done, he springs to action. Satisfied, I watch him glare fiercely at me. And I actually believe him. About half an hour later, our visit is cut short when all the Garrity boys are throwing up in various toilets and garbage cans. My Dad had eaten the brownies, too, and he spends the whole car ride home throwing up into a plastic bag. Ben is a cute blond in my Government class who's had a crush on me all year, I'm pretty sure. He smiles back at me, but he looks kind of nervous. I frown. Ben has already started to back away from me. But after hearing at least two of his words clearly, I'm seeing red. I whirl around and storm through the hall, pushing aside the little freshmen and sophomores, my eyes scanning every face in search of Colin. I clench my fingers into my palms and swallow. I search his face. Maggie. It's official. That's Gavin Bowman. Casey and I gasp in unison at the mere thought of nuptials ever occurring between a Garrity and a Bowman. Casey shakes her head emphatically. I know, I know, I can be a little melodramatic. At 7:10 P.M., Casey and I donned our disguises and got into my car. Did you really think I was going to just hand my sister over to the enemy, just like that? Casey would make a horrible spy. The movie starts. Casey hisses from next to me. I groan under my breath. Wait a second. I dig my fingers into Casey's arm in a death grip, wordlessly warning her not to say or do anything that might alert the Bowmans to our presence. Colin whispers, looking confused. I gasp, affronted. In an attempt to dodge the steady stream of food flying back and forth in front of us, Colin and I lean back in our seats and draw our heads even closer together. It doesn't matter what he says. I crane my neck, looking down. Maggie spots us first and jumps up in her seat. The five of us emerge from the theater and see Gavin and Maggie in the hallway. Meanwhile, Colin is trying to corral his younger brothers. Maggie turns to watch him go. Her words are like a punch in the stomach. I don't know what to feel. It's summer vacation. A few days ago, Mom had sprung the awful news on us at dinner. At least I don't have to share a tent with my whole family. Things are still pretty tense between Maggie and me. And yes, Maggie and Gavin are still dating. I grab the direction pamphlet, but it only has directions in Spanish and Chinese. I gasp in indignation. I don't beat him, of course. Suddenly, I hear laughing from the middle of the clearing. I can hardly believe my eyes. Standing above me, Colin makes a horrified sort of strangled gasp. I open my mouth but no sound comes out. Well, fine. I reply. Eventually, Mrs. Bowman calls us over to the picnic tables for dinner. I snicker to myself. Mom and Dad spread out a blanket on the sand under our beach umbrella. I put my towel on the sand and take off my shirt and shorts, lying down in my bikini to soak up the sun's hot rays. I push my sunglasses onto the top of my head and squint across the beach. I don't hear any response from Colin, so I glance over to his towel to see what he's doing. Oh my God. Alert the press. But it's true. Later, I'm lying out on my towel again when I realize that my throat is completely parched. After he gives the worker his money, he turns around and spots me right away. You, my mind thinks slavishly, before I mentally slap myself. I smirk as I remember knocking his Gatorade out of his hands in the hallway at school so that it spilled all over his feet. I roll my eyes and turn to look down at the beach. I exclaim. What happened to the fierce and bitter war we've been waging since before I can remember? I hand over the bag. I snap at him. Colin smirks over at me. I grumble under my breath. He smirks, satisfied. It isn't until Colin makes a strangled sound that I realize that I've just sucked on his fingers. Eventually, the fire starts to die down, though not after Casey, Dougie, and Joey have burnt nearly every flammable thing they could find lying around our campsite. Our parents certainly don't. I've taken a couple steps away from the fire when I feel a strong hand grasp my arm. I narrow my eyes at him and try to wrench my arm out of his grasp, but his grip is too tight. She gets up and heads toward the entrance of the tent, unzipping the flap to leave. Maggie rolls her eyes. When exactly did my sweet little sister become such a badass? I reply. I groan. Colin squeezes into the tent and zips it up behind him. He glances over at me and smirks as his eyes rake over my bare legs. Aside from the fact that I loathe him with every fiber of my being, there's also the teensy problem that ever since seeing Colin shirtless at the beach, I've started to react in unusual and strange ways whenever he gets too close to me. I force myself to snap out of it, horrified at my own thoughts. I guess he's right. In the darkness of the tent, Colin's eyes stand out amidst the shadowed planes of his face. My eyes fly to his and I see that his trademark smirk has resurfaced on his face. I expect him to argue with me, but surprisingly, Colin simply shrugs. Suddenly, the reality of the situation hits me. There's a tense pause, and then I hear him sigh beside me. My brain usually takes a while to kick into gear after I first wake up, but now my mind starts racing as I process what this could possibly mean. Oh. I want to shriek with panic, but not for the reason you might think. As I start to wake up more, my intrinsic comfort at being held against his body is quickly overshadowed by the realization that this is Colin. I reach up and shake his shoulders. I sigh in annoyance. But his arm over my waist only tightens around me, and he draws me closer into his body. I exclaim. How the hell did we even end up like this? Oh God…my parents! He groans. Shit. Okay. He blinks and reaches his other hand up to rub his eyes. Fuck. I hurriedly unzip the tent flap and jump out. I narrow my eyes at them and storm over. I snap when I arrive at the fire. She and Gavin glance at each other and snicker. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Colin making his way toward us across the clearing. I turn on my heels and storm away from the campfire. Finally, after four excruciating days in the wilderness, the last night of our camping trip arrives. I quickly take stock of the scene. I sigh. It's hard to muster up the energy to get really worried about Dougie, because let's face it – the kid's crazy. He begins to walk even faster, and I roll my eyes. We continue that way for a while, calling out Dougie's name and searching with the flashlight. Colin stops in his tracks and whirls around to face me. Colin yells. Colin takes a step toward me, his eyes flashing with anger. I scoff at him. I yell, advancing toward him in anger. He clenches his jaw. In our heated conversation, we've drawn so close to each other that I can see every detail of his face. My pulse is racing and my blood is boiling, I can feel it. I respond. Before I even realize it, I'm kissing him back, our mouths opening and our tongues exploring each other. I make an involuntary contented sound as his lips trail from my mouth down to my neck. I pull away from Colin, needing to regain my senses so I can listen for it better. Colin's eyes widen with recognition. Finally, we spot him, making his way toward us through a thick grove of trees. Colin tells him. I nod and take out my phone, making the calls as we make our way back to camp. The rest of the night is a bustling blur of packing to go home and recounting tales from everyone's separate adventures when we had split up to look for Dougie. Mom exclaims as she grabs our drinks from the barista. I reply. It's been a week since our camping trip, and I haven't seen Colin since then. I gulp. I say hesitantly to his three younger brothers, cautiously making my way into the room. Gavin seems pretty calm, but then again he always does. Gavin shrugs and opens his mouth to reply, but Dougie beats him to it. Oh God. Joey finally raises his eyes to look at me. I say, because I don't really know what I can say to make things better. He's right. I stare back at Gavin challengingly. I can only last so long before I feel the overpowering urge to wipe that smirk off his face. I make my way through their house to the back door, and I slip outside, letting my eyes adjust to the afternoon sunlight. I take a deep breath and make my way over to him. He turns to face me. My palms start to itch and my heart rate increases. Colin's eyes flicker with something I can't name. I reel from the suddenness. We stand there staring at each other, silent except for the sounds of our breathing. I nod, even though I don't know, not really. he replies solemnly. I bite my lip when I realize he's asking me for advice. He nods, mulling over my words. Colin chuckles. I sigh. He stares down at me, his face a mess of emotions, and I almost feel like crying because it's heartbreaking to see him like this. I'm surprised at first, but I quickly settle against his torso, leaning into his warm embrace. It's a hot, hot day. We should be in an air-conditioned house right now, like all sane people are, but Mom went on this weird rant this morning about how Maggie's been spending too much time with Gavin and I've been spending too much time with Nat and Vic and Casey's been spending too much time with her friends and we haven't been spending enough time together as a family and blah blah blah. Casey groans, wiping the sweat off her brow as the ice cream shop comes into sight. The ice cream man hands me my cone. Suddenly, I look up and see Colin walking toward me. Colin replies. Just then, the ice cream man comes back. I roll my eyes. This year, though, there's a decidedly more relaxed tone to the barbeque. Just then, I feel a sharp shove from behind and, taken aback, I tumble forward off the swing and onto the ground below. He shrugs. I sigh. Hmm. I'm wearing denim shorts, so my tanned legs are bare, making the very faint bruise on my knee plainly visible. It's a preposterous, ludicrous, completely radical idea. I smirk. We're called over to eat the burgers and hot dogs Dad's finally finished grilling then. I turn to my sisters, who are sitting with me at the table on our patio. Casey nods and scurries ahead of us. Maggie and I smirk at each other over the plastic tub. Ha! My sisters and I have been planning this prank for days. Maggie and I catch up to Casey and pry the lid off the plastic tub. Splat! Maggie, Casey, and I can't stop laughing. Eventually, the Bowman boys find us, and they're predictably livid. Rolling my eyes, I respond,  I grab his arm and lead him to the laundry room, with Colin muttering under his breath the whole way. He takes two cautious steps until he's standing in front of the dryer, facing me. Colin shakes his head, though his expression has lightened a bit, probably because I'm being so gentle with my scrubbing at his skin. Glad that he's calmed down a bit, I start to run my fingers along his skin, pulling him closer to me so maybe we can finally make out like I've secretly been wanting to all afternoon. Uh-oh. He snorts. Oh, yeah. I exclaim. Ha! Despite himself, Colin grins. I start to say, and then I stop myself short. Colin sees my flabbergasted expression and continues. Colin steps closer to me and reaches for me, one hand settling onto my hip to pull me closer to the edge of the dryer and one hand going up to cradle my face. I'm still slightly in shock, so I sit there on the dryer, motionless. I take a deep breath. He pulls me back into him and leans down to kiss me once again. A/N: Congrats! Update 3/9/08: I rewrote the first chapter. south for three steps. music. healthier lately. me now. know. you're what, a size 5? Opening my eyes slowly, I found myself in a tree. I shot up in bed, breathing heavily and covered in a cold sweat. 'Joy. I got up and stretched, muscles rippling gracefully under my pajamas. Yawning, I went to my vanity and picked up my hairbrush, still pondering about how life had changed since I had moved to live with my brother. I cast myself a distasteful look in the mirror. 'Oh, well. Then again, just living in a mansion itself was a disadvantage. He was born and raised there in Washington. I had no hate for Trent, but when I first moved in, I couldn't help but to look at him in distaste every time I laid eyes on him. In all truth, no one could blame my mother for hating him. We lived alone in the great mansion. I had been ripped from my home in New Mexico and drug all the way to Washington, just to find out that Father had had no plan for our lives. After that, we'd had to jump through so many court loopholes that Trent almost lost his good grades and the scholarship that came with them. Even though I was not hard to take care of, I had been grateful to him ever since. About an hour later, I trudged back up to my room, took a shower and dressed myself, having decided to go bug my friends, Zoë and Jamie. Zoë and Jamie Tellerman were my two best friends. Grabbing my leather jacket and gloves as I left, I took off on my motorcycle; pausing just long enough to remember that I was supposed to wear a helmet. Silently, I padded into the bathroom that adjoined the two sisters' rooms, and filled a glass of cold water. I laughed at her favorite quote and made my way back up. I winced, cursing my kind's heightened hearing. My race, the Loupa, was the equivalent of the human myth of the Werewolf. Instead of shaking her hand, brought it to my mouth, planting a gentlemanly kiss on her knuckles. All the color drained from Jamie's face as she turned to me, expecting me to do something. Her laugh struck a bell in my mind, and I found myself a bit calmer. 'What is it, Aubrey? 'Jamie, I think this human is the one. I couldn't believe it myself. Among the males of my race, each year they gained, the more wild and uncontrollable they became. I inhaled deeply, allowing her calming presence to surround me. To blow off some steam and to think on the uncomfortable situation with Aubrey in peace, I merely drove around on my bike until it was time to get to school. Scanning the empty desks, I picked out one in the back, closest to the window and plopped down onto it, staring blankly and pretending as though I was listening to what the teacher had to say. The rest of the day passed uneventfully. For lunch, I rode up to my favorite little coffee shop. My eyes widened and I whipped around, feeling my long hair come into contact with what I hoped to be his face, whipping him. I ordered my usual, and sat down in my favorite corner by the back window. Usually, I would have told him to get lost. My eyes widened at him. I laughed. Looking into his eyes, my heart rate increased for a second. I sensed Aubrey come up behind me before I felt his hands go to my shoulders in an attempt to calm me. And, with that, I tore out of the coffee shop, not stopping to see if he was following. Surprisingly enough, the other side of the wall was an alley too. Turning into the closest alley, I headed down it and got ready to jump the wall again. He mumbled something unintelligible, sounding like, , in his own reply. I took a few steps from him, taking a deep breath to calm myself. Alice in Wonderland has always been one of my favorite tales. Perhaps Alondra will indeed fall down the rabbit hole and find Wonderland, perhaps she will stay there forever. A/N: So this is the sequel. I suggested. "I'm serious. Mac clapped her hands. perfect. those 4 months. support them. Jared said. just forgot, that's all". Ben and I had gotten together. lift to school tomorrow"? night. drummer. night. talking now". of them did it. around Ben glanced at the clock. Flowers, like red fire hydrants, like forbidden love, like The Girl Next Door, are a cliché. Darel Coffman the Gay is not at fault, like one would expect. He did so for a year, assuming his glances and flat out stares unnoticed, because not only was he nowhere near Matt's league, he was not even on the king's mind. After six months of staring, however, Matt noticed, and Darel Coffman found himself with two black eyes and a broken leg, screaming blindfolded from the bottom of a dark well. Eyeing the books, he asked Matt what he was doing here. Matt grinned and began explaining the technicalities of reproduction. Three weeks later he was back in the Second Kingdom, cast, crutches, and enough biology homework to scare Charles Darwin. Well, letting go of Mathew Hobkins was sort of like trying to let go of his own hands. There were two things wrong with this. But it had. He dared not ask any questions, nor put his name down. While the smell was somewhere between deer urine and feet, it was kind of homey. Darel Coffman kicked the ductile crate once, screamed like Penny Wise, and breathlessly admitted defeat. Just as he was about to lay his head down and sprout wings to his kingdom come, the lid opened, and Mathew Hobkins's head blocked the sun. Thirty minutes later, he woke up in a bed. Matt buried his head into his pillow and said I haven't got a clue, Darel, not a fucking clue, over and over again until Darel Coffman punched him in the ribs because love was supposed to be tough, right? Well, getting up from Mathew Hobkins's bed was sort of like trying to step out of his own feet. Also within said year, Darel Coffman had undergone many tragedies. None of this, as mentioned before, has anything to do with Darel Coffman being gay. Today however, five years later, they are in University, and it's Valentine's Day. Darel Coffman isn't sure he should bother. Darel Coffman doesn't like hiding, though. Matt puts a hand over his mouth. Cafeteria? Three hundred eyes are on them, and Matt lays on top of a very vexed nerd, smiling. So, I wrote this. Enjoy! kill you in less than three seconds. noticed my chest! up". smart-ass! 16. few feet away from us. arrogant. Seth slammed his locker shut as the bell rang out across the school. He had been here two days and already he had been accepted into a group. He started towards his first lesson, chemistry. He nodded back. Seth turned into the lab, his eyes travelling to his area. Before he could say hi, he was suddenly dragged back. His partner jumped, gasping slightly. Seth drew his eyes away and sat down, David's words ringing in his head. Shit. Even his voice sounded feminine. Alex's face opened up in surprise, his thin eyebrows rising. By them talking it would mean horrible consequences for the both of them. Alex couldn't help but look up at Seth. The long blonde haired boy's eyes flitted over to where David was. Seth was taken aback by his chilly tone but one glance at David told the story. So, I'm kind of nervous about this story . Summary: A gay prince, an unintentionally sexy foreigner, and the meddling Wizard who just wants them to get laid. a skinny, weasel-like man shouted as he waved his weapon around, hitting as many people as he could. The fat man had a slow way of talking and a very thick accent, as if he were trying very hard to pronounce each syllable perfectly. he said, and the skinny man nodded. a cold voice suddenly asked. he ordered. He knew it was a bad idea to question the boss, but his curiosity bade him to plow on. They were now lined in ranks, the killing halted, and similar questions were on everyone's tongues. The nonchalant voice made the prisoners huddle together in fear. With that, he sent them to work. the boss asked, but the cause of his discomfort immediately became apparent. The other man held him back with laughable ease, but made no reply. R&amp;R: Enjoy please. I'm new to fictionpress, but I've been around in fanfiction for a few years. I mentioned in the summary that there would be an underlying lesbian theme throughout the story although it won't be as pronounced in the first few chapters. It was strange and surreal at the same time. It was the fourth quarter of only the third game of the season, but Kieran was quite sure that her minutes were going to increase steadily from now on. She could literally feel the beads of sweat developing on her forehead as she bent her knees and prepared to shoot the second free throw shot. Kieran shouted, passing the ball to her teammate who stood at the three-point line by the baseline while she was still in midair. Kieran sucked in deep breaths to fill her tired lungs as she followed her teammates to their bench. Kieran let out in a tired breath. Rhea chirped, playfully elbowing Trixie. The coach rolled her eyes. the team shouted back, obviously ready to do what was expected of them. The college junior let out a long breath as she bent down and braced her hands against her knees. The whistle blew and the ball was passed into the waiting hands of an opposing player from the sideline. Kieran thought as she ran across the half-court line. Three defenders leaped into the air with their arms stretched up to block the ball, but they could only gawk as the skilled point guard kicked the ball out, passing it into the waiting hands of an unguarded Kieran. Both Bea and Trixie slapped her hands as they ran past her. The raven-haired girl nodded her head to her captain and positioned herself for defense. Rhea shouted as the ball once again glanced off the rim and fell into the hands of one of their opponents. Kieran told Maya who had determinedly threw herself onto the floor in the last play. The raven-haired girl hesitated. Bea asked, offering an unopened bottle of Gatorade to her friend. Kieran finished the contents of her sports drink and walked towards her locker. The rest of the team nodded their heads in agreement. Rhea joined in. Rhea shook her head. The coach nodded her head, seemingly unaware of what had transpired prior to her entrance. the coach promised, looking over the statistics. Matt replied. Just as he said that, Kieran walked out of the shower room with a damp towel around her shoulders and her hair wet and uncombed. Coach Jeanne shook her head. Matt laughed heartily. The volleyball captain laughed and waved her hands in front of her to stop the tirade of the rookie. Ilina ordered, eyes suddenly focusing on one basketball player who had just exited the shower room. Maya greeted back, not at all affected by her former teammate's teasing. Kieran assured the group of girls milling around her. Michelle read aloud. Kieran shook her head. The girl walked down the aisle in search of a vacant seat and stopped when she saw one. Kieran replied, grabbing her duffel bag from the window seat and getting to her feet. Kieran blinked and shook her head. Kieran agreed. Kieran replied. Kieran retorted. That startled more laughter on the part of the volleyball player. Kieran raised her arm and looked at it. The raven-haired girl shook her head. Kieran said sheepishly. Steph smiled at her and fixed the collar of her own varsity jacket. Kieran slung her duffel bag onto one shoulder and stuffed her hands into her pockets. Kieran replied. Rhea told her. Trixie announced, waving their team closer. Kieran rolled her eyes. Rhea gave her friend a sympathetic look. The team captain laughed and waved at a passing group of boys and girls from her class. Kieran nodded. It was nearly five in the afternoon by the time she walked into the lobby of her apartment. Kieran muttered, leaving her kitchen and making her way outside. Ann shouted. Kieran sighed and crossed her arms over her chest. She may have been an ideal student and an athlete to boot, but everyone has their imperfections right? My footsteps echo across the marbled flooring of Evans Advertising, Inc. as I cross the lobby, reaching the front desk to rest my elbows along the granite top. I rap my knuckles against the polished black of her desk gently and step back. I sit down in one of the overstuffed chairs pushed against the far wall and stare out the glass face of the building. There are magazines scattered effortlessly across a stainless steel and glass table. I stand and trail after her. I've been doing this for two years, though. Giving others what they need most—be it companionship, sex, or even a taste of the life they gave up for marriage—is my job. The door glides open smoothly and he's standing there, my client, exuding an all-American charm with his blonde hair and blue eyes. I take a seat in one of the plush armchairs situated across from the position I assume he holds behind the desk as he busies himself with my water. I nod curtly but don't elaborate further. I crack my neck again and let my eyes drift shut for half a second. I exhale loudly. His Adam's apple bobs as he swallows once, hard. I slowly sit back down. Kyler gestures to the file in front of me. I pick up the pen; it hovers over the line marked with a big red X.  My handwriting is shaky, but I sign with my usual looping curves. I am slowly going through and rewriting/editing the chapters. kind of. time. his head. please. – Hello? tap tap tap. want to be say. to let you know I don't want to be. kiss. answering "It means 'little doll', the 'mi' part. a/n: One reader (deny. The major ice prince. Hah. Ooh. He recited in a slightly accusing tone. Yes, you got that right. Jonathan ran towards me, again. The people sitting around him, on the other hand, started giving me an odd look. He asked. Then I ran straight home, skipped the rest of the periods, and cried myself to sleep. Tyler doesn't like me. I got up from my bed clumsily and stared gloomily into the mirror. But that can't be true. Okay, so maybe I kind of… Unintentionally blurted out some of his embarrassing moments (Like that time when curiosity got the better part of him, and we found him in my mother's room, lipstick-smudged and eyeliners dotting all around the edge of his eyes. And perhaps he wasn't very happy the last time we played football together, and I accidentally stepped on his foot when he was dribbling the ball. If you're currently lying on your queen-sized bed, thinking up reasons for him not liking you, stop. I didn't recognise the phone number, I didn't know who sent this to me, but I was terrified at how well this person knew me. Then again, this is Jonathan James that we're talking about. I giggled. We need a psychologist, the two of us. Hey, thanks. He cut me off by pulling me into his embrace, his arms tight around my waist. The first time Tyler decides to say something that is longer than a three syllable word, he tells me that he's an asshole. Just wait for the shooting star, Emma. He blurted everything out in a single breath, his cheeks tinted red. Think wisely before you make every decision, Emma. Control yourself. But somewhere, deep inside, my heart. That reply never came. Tyler, do you remember how we first met? Hey, Tyler, I found a picture of us sitting on a set of swings. Are you ever gonna talk to me? I'm sorry, Tyler. I like you, Tyler. My messages. And he always will. I don't know how I feel about this piece, though. Oh, and by the way, if you're thinking that this is too clichéd, you're in for a surprise. Renee answered coyly. Neither woman paid any attention to the one patron sitting in the corner of the restaurant sipping coffee and watching the all too amusing scene before her. Patricia didn't hear the softly spoken response, but smiled to herself at Renee's coy laughter that followed. Renee continued. The rich timber of Trevor Rayne's voice finally reached Patricia as he shook Michelle's hand politely. Patricia was glad Renee decided to bring the attention back to herself. Although Patricia had dropped her gaze when Renee had spoken, she felt his presence as he made his way over to her table. Trevor Rayne stood quietly for a moment, studying the woman sitting in front of him. Trevor didn't miss the rolling of Mac's eyes as she looked up at Renee. Mac never looked up from the letter she was reading as she motioned to the chair across from her. Trevor smiled at the beautiful woman across from him. Mac was taken aback by the smooth richness of his voice as she listened to his words. Trevor watched the calm control come over Mac's features as she weighed her response to the overbearing woman shouting at her. Mac interrupted the tirade, her voice sharp. Trevor hadn't thought Mac's eyes could become more cold. Trevor interrupted, abruptly cutting off whatever Mac was getting ready to say. Trevor stood a moment staring at Mac as he watched the play of emotions cross her face. Her smile lit up the room like a mid day sun and made her eyes dance. Mac's eyes traveled down Trevor's broad chest, admiring the tautness of the deep red shirt as he inhaled each breath. Mac turned pink when she realized she had been caught admiring him. Mac had never been bothered by a man staring at her. When Renee returned to the table to refill their coffee cups, both were laughing hysterically. Mac had never gotten along with Renee. Trevor watched the corners of Mac's mouth quirk up in the beginning of a smile. Before Mac could respond, Renee stood up again, not wanting to be part of what was inevitably going to ranch talk. Trevor beat her to it by placing enough money on the table for both of them. As Trevor turned around, Renee had slid up next to him, patting her eyes to make any woman from the East proud. He was just in time to watch Mac mount the beautiful white stallion he had admired earlier. Trevor suddenly wished he was a horse. Mac smirked at him. Mac answered as she surveyed the dilapidated building. Trevor waited patiently for her to finish before he realized she was going to remain silent. she replied without looking at him. Mac finally allowed herself to look at the man riding beside her. When he didn't answer right away she looked back over and noticed the sadness was back in his eyes. Trevor turned to ask Mac what she had meant, but his breath caught in his throat at the raw beauty before him. Once again Trevor was amazed at the woman who rode by his side, completely defying the feminine world around her. Mac doubted the sunset was responsible for the amused smile that had graced his features a moment earlier. She didn't allow him to respond as she spurred Snowdance forward into a gallop. Before Trevor realized it, she was well ahead of him and still pulling away. Slowing her pace, Mac looked over at him. It took Trevor a moment to realize she hadn't meant anything by the comment. Mac watched the emotions cross Trevor's face. Noticing the turn off to his ranch, Mac decided now was the best time to make him realize she was not on the market. Trevor was surprised at the ice in her voice. Mac glanced over at him completely shocked at his words. he continued. As they rode into the ranch yard half an hour later, Trevor was once again stunned at the massive spread before him. Not wishing to second guess her, Trevor turned his mount toward her and followed her inside the structure. Trevor couldn't hide his mirth as he continued watching her. she smiled back knowing he didn't mean anything by it. Trevor instinctively grabbed Mac, keeping her from falling, his arms encircling her waist. Mac was having her own problems breathing as she realized the intimate position she now found herself in. Knowing it was a mistake, she raised her head to look into his eyes. Trevor recognized the fear in her eyes and fighting every instinct in his body, gently pushed her back. Dropping her hands and taking a step back, Mac quickly turned away. After dinner with her father, Trevor had stayed for brandy and cigars. Finishing her braid as she walked around the corner, she was startled to see Trevor already sitting at the table sipping a cup of coffee. Mac stared stunned as the woman quickly looked into his coffee to make sure he didn't need anymore before turning to finish readying breakfast. Plastering on a winning smile, she made her way over the table and sat down. Trevor explained. Shrugging her shoulders slightly, Mac continued drinking her coffee. In a few moments, Harriet came bustling in with two heaping plates of food and places them on the table. Trevor was sat in stunned silence and he watched Mac make serious in roads on the bacon and eggs before she reached for the fresh biscuits and butter. Mac said teasingly, stuffing another spoonful of grits into her mouth. Mac laughed all the harder at his question. Before he could answer, Milton walked into the room, limping noticeably. The last part was mainly to keep her father in the loop. She also knew that his soreness this morning was more from the fall from the horse the day before than the cold. Mac said to Trevor as she drained her coffee. NOTICE2: this is my first time trying to write a fiction, so please be nice. Summary: Matt McQueen has just enrolled in highschool, but life takes a wrong turn when he catches the eye of a certain dark-haired prince. She giggled and twirled again. She bent down and hugged me. Jessica is my older sister and Zane's identical twin. Chris cheered loudly and I managed a watery smile. Zane is the best big brother out there ever. I rolled my eyes when I heard that. He replied. Zane got out of the car and gave Chris and I each a large pat on the head. We opened the dark polished double oak doors and slipped into the already full hall. Chris suddenly grabbed my arm in a death grip and screeched into my ear. I looked up and saw the brunet from the stage again. He smirked and the next thing I knew the air was out of my lungs and I was trying to hold down my breakfast. I managed to squeeze out. He smiled again and snapped his fingers. 'Wow, Duke really is evil' was the only statement I could come up with after fifteen minutes. It was another brunet about the same height as Zane and he was frowning at his cell phone. The tap was turned off and the sound of footsteps began to fade, I hung my head in defeat. He sounded like he was commenting on the weather. He looked very smug as he put the phone back and glanced down at me. He rolled his eyes skyward as a tidal wave of colorful profanities hit his ears. Rainbow Rocks: YES this is short, but i type slow so forgive me. And now, here is the sequel to The Great Pretenders. The gathering was a celebration of sorts, but was also a goodbye party—Keely was leaving two days later for an internship in Australia with a company called  The FFP was a newly growing business that worked through the government to buy up property that was in the works to be converted into factories, and instead keep the land as a natural park. The two had met as toddlers and had gone to middle school together and then both attended a private boarding school in Vermont. a female voice yelled up to the pair. She paused, fiddling some more with the hem of her dress. It didn't take long. one of the men in the group told her with a laugh. He grabbed his chest dramatically with his hand. Andrew interjected with a laugh. Andrew cut in, putting a protective arm around her shoulders. Her bedroom was off to the side of the den, tucked away in a corner. Keely peered out of her bedroom to see the stunned faces of her guests. Andrew did not see her off at the airport the next day. Summary: 20 year old Bianca Woods fell in love at sixteen. Bianca Woods blew a piece of her brunette hair away from her crystal blue eyes. Graham moaned in utter admiration for the twenty year old in his arms. She snapped back to reality. Ugh. Bianca responded sarcastically. Hallie asked. Bianca sighed. Though Bianca listened to Graham's music group Shadow Follower's tunes privately in her room or car, she wouldn't admit it to Hallie. They got into Bianca's Toyota Celica, backing out of the parking spot and driving toward the mall they worked at. Hallie said with a smirk. Bianca said with a chuckle. Bianca kept a straight face now. Bianca said sighing angrily. Bianca's frown turned into a small smile. Summer was near, and it was in the air, which she had longed for it since January. Bianca lied. Later, when Bianca was in her room, she decided she could take a risk. She went onto her Myspace account. She said to herself aloud. She decided to look through their pictures. Seeing Graham's photos made her heart beat a little quicker. Bianca inhaled deeply. She decided not to worry about it for the rest of the night. It ended with my heart in more pieces than I cared to count. Henry Bishop was my friend. Each had its own set of merits and downfalls, but because I had seemed to enjoy masochism, I, of course, chose the option that would leave the issue alone but would, in the long run, hurt me more as I allowed my affectation to continue thriving in each little gum wrapper. Only when I was halfway up the second flight of stairs did I stop, earning shouts of frustration and interesting names that involved several colorful four-letter-words. Under normal circumstances, the loss of a pen was not an omen of terrible things to come. Changing the routine was bad. With a string of curses that would have put many of my peers to shame, I shoved everything back into the locker, clumsily whipping my bag over my shoulder as I trudged to the band room. I was still trying to figure out what I was going to do when I walked into band. I took the gum disappointedly. I instantly regretted it. I shrugged, an eye squinting as I tried to chew past the tanginess of the gum. I'm not sure what pained me more: Chewing the citrus acid gum or calling my own professions of love gibberish. It was on that thought that I felt nearly so sick that I almost wanted to throw up. The routine that had kept me so safe, so completely insulated from the reality that I was chasing a fruitless desire that I hadn't even recognized when it started to fall apart. I sat in my usual corner, legs pulled up to my chest, forehead resting my knees, willing myself to cry. There were two options available to me now, and neither was looking especially appealing. Never before had my hands shaken quite so much as they did struggling to unfold that wrapper, and never before had my heart pounded so hard as my own words (I love Henry Bishop. I figured it would work well enough for an excuse; enough teachers in my life had unknowingly made the same speech to a girl who had inherited none of the same brilliant traits as her elder brother. It wasn't perfect. A lone figure hobbled into the eerie forest, gasping for breath as she felt a painful stitch growing at her side. The moon was full and bright, giving her enemies a greater chance of catching a glimpse of her. There were neither stars nor clouds in the sky; it was just a vast black sea. She looked up and gasped as she noticed her enemies approaching even faster. She rushed but it was hopeless. Sleep in heavenly peace-He clenched his fist, pulled it back and brought it down hard. Her heart died that night; her soul along with it. I'm pretty sure I saw this in a song once. I'm the jerk. I almost didn't chase her. I'd like to say it was a look I wasn't familiar with, but I lost my virginity to this woman. He'd clearly planned this, and planned this well. His bike pulled an easy left off of the high street, and reaching the corner 10 seconds later, I knew I'd never catch him. I actually was, too. We laughed at this, and I pulled her close and kissed her again. I asked when the laughter subsided, knowing this was a good an excuse as any to go to a fancy restaurant and eat good food and enjoy each others good humour and wit, until I drove her home and we'd enjoy each other physically. she mocked me, knowing I couldn't give a damn about Derek Fisher. What an honour. But that was that. Eleanor and Michelle gibbered in the back, giggling and squealing occasionally, talking in girl speak; that inane, senseless, high pitched banter that only makes sense if you play it backwards through a cassette. The car instantly went silent. she threw her arms around the seat, pulling me into a tight, and rather dangerous considering I was the driver, hug. Eleanor reached forward wordlessly, and high-fived him. We arrived to the usual valet parking bay. I smiled. I glanced to my left, and there it was. Michelle grinned. Eleanor giggled as she drained another glass of wine and Derek somehow managed to knock her fork off of the table. Michelle giggled loudly and drunkenly, and looked towards Derek, who leaped to his feet, grabbed Eleanor by the hand and steered her towards the door. I had been played. I was a jerk. I made my way to the valet bay the taxi had just pulled out of, and the same valet who had taken my car arrived with it moments later. I had ran past The Snail at a brisk jog. It was perfectly dark. she shivered slightly. I muttered. We lay in what I took to be dignified silence. I thought back to the social commentary we placed upon each and every cliché. I think at this point she had an inkling as to where I was headed. I grabbed the ring from under the pillow behind my head and showed it to her. She took the ring, and put it on. I only woke once, to the sounds of her phone receiving a text message at 3am. It was Mom. They all thought I was mad. It did seem a little crazy. The high school was old now, and out of use. He had planned it all, and planned it all so well. It was there, 15 minutes later, she found me among the rhododendrons. Yes I did. I leaned back coolly on my elbows. I laughed. We lay there, her white dress slowly staining, my shoes ruined, blazer torn and shirt dirty. she looked up at me. Her eyes said it all. ah, yes, this is a rewrite of something old. The voices in heated discussion weren't more than loud whispers, but the sounds easily carried through the communal dwelling occupied by the eligible young men of age. The man nodded and loped off in the direction of the medic, and Sean turned back towards the driver of the cart. The Quarter had been founded nearly fifty decades prior by a group of men banished from a selection of various tribes, banding together for their common interest. One of the most important was the system of child rearing. There was a communal dwelling which housed the children and young adults, but once into adulthood, they went on to live in the communal adult dwellings. Nodding at the simple directive, Tim clicked his tongue to get his horse started again, knowing the way as he drove to the dwelling Sean had referenced. Sean was eyeing the man with some interest, seeing how dirty and unkempt the strangely cut garments were; they covered skin from neck to foot, the only bit of flesh visible being gray swatches of face and hands. Also nauseous, but for different reasons, Sean joined his lover outside, gulping in vast amounts of fresh air and wishing he could dispel the image of human cruelty inflicted upon another. This brought a faint smile from the leader, and he leaned forward to press a light kiss to the other's cheek before he left to find Marsh, the female leader. Port was the only one present when the stranger regained consciousness. Fevered eyes blinked open, dark and glassy as they roved until finally settling upon him; the reaction thereof greatly startled him. Tim revealed to Sean and Marsh that he'd come across the man while passing through a tiny and relatively secluded village a fair distance away. Port hummed a tuneless little melody beneath his breath as he went about doing some of the day's everyday errands. He balanced a tightly-woven basket filled with grains against his hip, idly recalling how long the intricate pattern woven into it had taken him; Sean had repeatedly teased that he'd grown far more obsessed with the project than their lovemaking. Port slowly came to a standstill, a dreamy sort of smile on his face as he remembered the bout of heavy lovemaking that had resulted from that little blowup. A situation had cropped up not long after he'd arrived to the Quarter, one in which he was plunged into the thick of a jealousy battle between two inhabitants. Still lost in his thoughts, Port's eyes wandered the scenery, pausing only when he saw two figures walking down the main road leading into the village proper. It was only when the taller figure stopped and cried out, voice deep but childlike in tone,  that he stopped disbelieving. Robin was two years Port's senior, and Ollie was five years older than Robin. It had been that promise, and that promise only, that had forced his hand in allowing Port to be merely banished from their tribe. Tears prickled the youngest brother's eyes at the painful memory. The mistake when he was born, killing their mother. Taking the man's bigger hand into his own, he proceeded to lead him to the home he shared with Sean, hypersensitive and aware of the stares aimed at the both them as they walked. Once he'd sufficiently healed from his extensive wounds, the quietly anti-social man had been forced to bathe himself well, and was given new clothing quite unlike the ones he once owned. Ollie lit up and eagerly nodded, holding his hands out in a greedy fashion. With that amiable agreement, Port walked off, uneasily glancing over his shoulder…somehow, he felt that he could trust his brother with the other man. The mental image of his brother in skirt or dress, or makeup around the eyes like the women of his tribe, had him collapsing into giggles, his countenance bright and cheerful. When Port again nodded, Sean didn't even have a chance to blink before he was swept up and into a hug with a low 'oomph! A slight smile crossed his face; he'd been surprised when he found Port looking for him in the women's faction, a place Port never felt quite comfortable wandering through. And now, here was the childish yet likeable fellow who was talking rapidly with Zacharias--who was replying in kind, albeit far more reservedly, but still talking. Zacharias didn't need to read minds to know what he was thinking. Long after the small group had departed, Zacharias sat in thought--his cleaned fish lay forgotten in front of him. Zacharias knew Ollie's mind was childlike in many ways, but he had sensed that the man was much brighter than he let on to be. Vaguely, Zacharias could recall the case of a similar child he had known, many years ago. Darkness pervaded the compound late that night, but a group of men laughed as they ate their communal meal around one of the fires inside their dwelling; the smoke twisted up and flowed through a smoke hole specifically put into the ceiling, joining the tendrils sent up by similar fires. They remained silent for the entire time he went about transferring the meal to a bundle of large leaves, the fish tied carefully to prevent meat or steam to escape, and they were still watching as he quietly stood and left the dwelling…an event that had never happened, that they were aware. The paths were dimly lit by stars just barely beginning to peer down from the night sky, but Zacharias knew his way well enough that he had no difficulty making it to the leader's dwelling, having gotten wind that Ollie was staying with his brother. Again, the rarity of Zacharias' smile was flashed, catching the other two occupants of the dwelling off guard; Sean would never have guessed that the man possessed such a charming dimple in his left cheek, but it was beyond obvious just then. Ollie pressed, and the other man nodded. The stars were a bit brighter as Zacharias walked back to the communal dwelling. But growing up, that particular method was only used during ceremonies or momentous occasions--the birth of a child, or achieving adulthood. Zacharias' family had fallen ill to a widespread, deadly disease when he was barely of the age to walk, killing his parents and two older brothers while sparing his life. Not that it would matter, regardless. That man was sprawled in the dirt beneath the weight of a hyper, chirping redhead who acted as though his best friend in the world was within his proximity. It had always pained Port that people could be so cruel towards his brother, as the kindly fool didn't have a mean bone in his body. The memory of fevered sobbing still haunted Port at times, that one simple phrase searing his heart with ache. I suppressed a groan until we were a safe distance away from the classroom. While Sofia and I were known as the English and history brains, our other two friends, Ellie and Colt, were the math and science Einsteins. Ellie sighed, sympathizing with me. Colt said, watching some juniors in short dresses and knee-high boots make their way onto the lunch line. I groaned. The girls went back to what they were doing. Ellie had harbored feeling for my oblivious friend ever since he stood up for her in the seventh grade. But Colt was a guy. Sofie glanced at me, quirking an eyebrow. Sofie's thick yet groomed eyebrows were knit together, the realization dawning on her. I grinned, proud that I managed to come up with such an idea without any help and basically on the fly. Of course. There was nothing wrong with expanding your circle, don't get me wrong. Sofia asked, opening the plastic lid to the small salad. Ellie shrugged and neatly placed her physics homework back into her binder, setting them aside. Chapter 1: First MeetingI never had the greatest life. Hold on! Anyway, the point was that I thought that I would never see him again after that night, I thought that it was over. full collection of Doctor Who? Battlestar Galactica. for breakfast? hands, folded neatly in my lap. didn't recognize you. appearance wise you're still cute as hell. this way. It is then that I realize that we are complete opposites. There's a difference between simply seeing the rainbow and tasting it. I held up my head up as I walked down the dirt road in the small town of Godwin, but pulled my hood down more over my hair to keep that part covered. I inwardly sighed and just accepted it as I continued to head towards Mrs. Leerins home. Now normally, those in need of medical attention came to me at my home, instead of me having to come out and succumb to all the looks of judgement. I guess I couldn't really blame them, considering I was very different than anyone I had ever been in contact with. This was a small straw and mud home, like everyone's in this town. I called out at the walk-in entrance. she moved off to the side and allowed me to enter. she pleaded, sounding so desperate. I said nodding to her. I watched and waited as she walked out of the room. That's when I leaned forward, bringing my face close to the infant's body. A smile tugged at my lips. I smiled and giggled. I just watched in joy at the sight of it all. she asked, seeking to pay me. I felt guilty as well, unable to even heal him. With that I strode out of the home and made my back into the town slowly. a man snickered with a dark tone. Apparently, being a mystery and being able to 'miraculously' healing people, I was some kind of devil or someone who used witchcraft. I replied nicely. he winked and took a step towards me. He sighed and ran his hand through his thick hair, his arm muscles tightening at the movement. He groaned in defeat and annoyance. I was cut off by his towering body moving in to stop me. his voice started to become deeper, and more husky as he reached up and grabbed the hood of my cape. I tried again but he grabbed my arm and pulled me against him. he whispered in his husky voice and smirked. I felt a hard shove causing me to take a step back. he yelled, furious. Tall, muscular build, and very long black hair stood out the most for me right away. his deep voice spoke, giving me chills. I almost shook it all off and started to move away from Mr. Willink if I hadn't finally caught the man's eyes. Never, ever had I seen such eyes before! I held a blush as I finally was able to shake it off. Finally his gaze was torn from mine, but not on purpose. A smirk grew on his lips yet again. I cried, running up to them and pleaded. I looked to the side as I felt a light tint come across my cheeks. I pleaded again. I couldn't believe my ears! The woman took me to her home, ushered me inside and into a chair and then instantly, without warning, grabbed my face and pulled her own closer to it. she mumbled to herself, but I heard it. The look of annoyance and fire flared up in her eyes and her body as she crossed her arms and looked straight at me. I stated bluntly. Her hair was long and like fire. It was my first time seeing such red hair, and it was lovely on her. I heard her speak, breaking me out of my thoughts. I stated, annoyed. Well at least her name was accurate and not off the wall. I heard her voice shake as she asked. I asked. The Trouble With Cats Blaine said as Eryn dragged him into the pet shop. He wanted to laugh. she giggled. They walked out, cat in hand, Eryn still complaining that he was an idiot. he smirked. The cat didn't move as Blaine crept closer, but when he was making to tie the collar on, Tom bolted, zipping to the opposite side of the room. An hour later they were both lying exhausted on the kitchen floor. He sat up, wincing as his sore muscles complained and all the fine cuts from the night before lit aflame. The interruption of his sentence with an explicative was because the cat sitting on the floor was no longer a cat. he fingered the collar around his neck, which somehow had grown with the transformation. Or something. But, aside from the shock, he was strangely not disturbed by any of this. Blaine shoved the bag of kibble that he'd bought into the bottom cabinet and began searching the upper shelves for something more appealing. The kitchen door swung open. he sighed, dumping half of the large can into a bowl. It was the first time Blaine really looked at him and his coloring. The kitchen door flapped and Holt walked out, swerving around the seat Eryn had taken and leaping into Blaine's lap. He tossed his keys into the bowl by the front door with a relaxed grin. Holt smashed their mouths together, his tongue forcing its way into Blaine's parted lips as agile fingers began groping along the clothed body. And yet, this was his cat. Blaine stepped back, forcing himself to think dry, boring thoughts, even as Holt purred and swayed his back, stretching, licking his lips. he nearly groaned the word, although he'd meant to sound more demanding. Blaine didn't hesitate on running from the living room into his bedroom, the only door with a lock, and making sure that lock was secured. Outside, unaware of what was happening in the bedroom, Holt kept talking. Blaine was left to finish himself, only vaguely aware of hearing Holt stand and a few minutes later the shower start. Blaine grabbed his keys and wallet before heading to the grocery store. Meat, spinach, flour and some prepared dinners made their way into his cart as he ambled around the store. He would just need to explain this to Holt and hope the feline understood. Groceries purchased, the walk home was spent planning out exactly what he would say. Holt meowed in greeting, trotting up to rub against his legs. Most of the groceries were away by the time Holt followed him in. Holt nodded, his eyes drooping closed as he shifted into cat form, the clothes falling around him. It was a pretty casual restaurant, with small, personal tables surrounding the large family ones. They talked about work, about recent movies, about all those things that friends talk about when they get together. The calico was sitting on the arm of the chair, watching the door expectantly. Roe said, his arms pulling Blaine into a close embrace once the door was locked. Roe let himself out and Blaine leaned his head back. He spent his evenings curled in bed sleeping, reading, or on the couch doing either of those things or watching television. No matter how much rest he got, he was tired and unmotivated. His hand slipped away as the fever overtook him. Holt left without another word, returning ten minutes later with a deep bowl of steaming soup. Holt blinked and stood, stiffly. Nor did he return the next morning. Holt was gorgeous. Holt stepped in, his hips swaying slightly with a stray-cat strut and he tossed a bag of clothes to Blaine,  his eyes flashed to Roe, but there wasn't anger, just hunger. Blaine's head dropped back, wondering how he could explain that Holt transformed into a cat without explaining exactly that. And if so, then why did he still want him? and the answer made Holt's voice crack. Blaine shrugged. Blaine nodded, even though he hadn't, because what would have been the point? Of course Roe wouldn't let it go. Blaine didn't move. He did, even though he knew where it was going to take him. Of course, Holt probably felt like a scolded cat. The little girl laughed, and then glanced over, probably feeling Blaine stare at them. Blaine still stood there. Holt sighed. Tired. They sat in tense silence until Blaine shook from his stupor and left. and it was horrible, but he almost wished it was. Roe admitted, As he approach Holt, the look in his eyes made it clear to Blaine that he looked angry, not hurried. He reached down, taking a fistful of Holt's shirt and dragging him to his feet before kissing him with enough passion to get his point across without being lewd. Holt took hold, turning away, leading him to the pet shop, then down the alley and up a fire escape to a flat above the store. It was different, but good. But Roe was also right about Holt's inexperience. His arms wrapped around Holt, relishing the warm, soft skin pressing against him. The Internal Struggle of Stacey-Jo DawsonBy LeveyThis story stemmed from my desire to write a football romance novel where the characters actually talk about football. When I stepped outside the back door of the Gypsy Bar intending to catch a cab and avoid a scolding from my friends, I did not expect to find a man sitting on a trashcan. While I had nothing against Danielle (I love the girl to pieces), I didn't like her boyfriend Mason's friends. Maybe the attractive, brooding man would ignore me and I could go on my merry way down the alley to the street. Blue eyes, dark hair, stubborn chin, sharp nose—I recognized him. Two games into the regular season and already it looked as though Dallas Kier's career was on the line. To be honest, I had seen all the nasty errors on the highlight reels and I'd gotten kick out of it. I felt no need to apologize for my rudeness, however. I tried to step past Dallas, but a look of surprise crossed his face and he rose from his seat on the trashcan to stand in front of me. He opened his mouth to say something, but, after some consideration, closed it again. His eyebrows lifted, but he didn't say a word. Dallas laughed. I tried to sidestep Dallas again, but this time he reached out and caught ahold of my hand. The word came out before I could really consider the situation. I'd never been kissed by a pro quarterback before—especially not an attractive pro quarterback who had spent the night brooding over his possibly failed career and didn't want to be left alone right then. His mouth was on mine, lighting my whole body on fire. He started to release me, but before he could step away, I wrapped my arms around his neck and started kissing him again. His hands were moving over my body, starting at the shoulders of my skimpy dress, his thumbs tracing hot circles over my exposed skin. He pulled away from the kiss and my eyes snapped open. I laughed. And that is the story of how I hooked up with football legend Dallas Kier—this was back before he was a legend, obviously. A/N: Yet another new story. How shocked my parents were when I could suddenly speak, read, and calculate at that tender age. Therein came the training. The easiest, most basic, yet most important of all trainings, consisted of detaching one's spirit and floating around at night while the body took its rest in sleep. Tonight I was probing around a random tabby's mind, trying to find a crack to slip through. It was a bad sign to see him here. I had heard news of him in my previous lives. I sneaked closer to Derek and the men surrounding him. Abruptly stopping the conversation, Derek inhaled a generous amount of air and held it in for a few seconds. I hurriedly returned to my body. I was born to tediously normal parents in 1789. I trained alone, when I wasn't helping out with the family 'business', which consisted of a few cows, a noisy rooster and his harem of a dozen hens, and a small field where we planted wheat. Apart from our settlement, there was another one beyond the woods – not British like us, which explained why we didn't mix together too much, even though most of them spoke English. The wolves recognized me as an oddity and let me explore undisturbed. My magic grew stronger each year, and I learned more about my abilities by merely trying out things. I was warmly welcomed into the wolves' community, but that couldn't make me give up my desire to travel far from that place. While human Conrad was against our wedding, wolfie Conrad was all too happy to have me around. Until one night he crept into my room in his wolf form, and I let him climb next to me as usual, petting the thick coat sleepily. The moment he came to, he looked at me horrified. My heart felt cold at his words, and my eyes stung . As soon as he married that stupid she-wolf, I would leave. Conrad listened to my advice and disappeared with the Alpha's daughter for two months. When they returned to the settlement, Helene was pregnant. I told them as a parting gift. I didn't clarify the nature of those changes the child was going to bring. Then I left the village behind. Contrary to what I had promised myself, I was compelled to return to my place of birth again. A friend of mine once told me how jealous she was of my family – that she hated being an only child to a couple of workaholics. Maybe, under different circumstances, I still would. The finished basement was cool, to say the least, and my interest perked. I stepped inside and gasped. I said as I continued to take in my new room. I snapped. Aunt Franki murmured behind me in a feeble voice. I hurried down to my new room – hopefully my new haven – and set the boxes down carefully. I sighed and plopped on the bed as I waited, listening for the voices. I sighed again, a little heavier. Damon said. Once I heard the door at the top of the stairs close, I sank to the bed, fighting the urge to curl into a ball and squeeze my eyes shut. I shook my head furiously as I pushed off the bed and returned to the bookshelf. I managed to empty the boxes on my own – filling the dressers and shoving pens and paper in the desk. I chanted and plunged my arm inside. The final item in my treasure trove was a tiny, china ballet dancer frozen forever in a pirouette. The CD and the pencil I shoved under my pillow then gathered the empty boxes and stacked them neatly outside my bedroom door. A/N: So sorry for starting a new story before finishing  but I just couldn't help it. This story, however, stuck in my head. Kaw- if you're reading this - you need to email me or something. One more thing - the sinus infection is gone! Summary: Feisty Haley cannot stand the player Conrad, who will do anything to make Haley his own. To every girl, the boy known as Conrad Hart was beyond a dreamboat. Haley was the daughter of Belle and Dean Saunders, who happened to run the academy that both she and Conrad attended. Conrad, on the other hand, was the son of a young beauty named Corinne Nichols, which of course, didn't make him a real favorite of Belle and Dean Saunders. Sitting next to her was her best friend, Lily Jane, who was a beauty in her own right as well, although she was much shyer than Haley. Dean asked as he took a seat next to his daughter, while he glared at Conrad. Conrad said angrily as he turned away from Haley and her father and put his attention fully on the stage. Bite his tongue off. Conrad said to Lily, feeling slightly bad. Conrad bit his lip, feeling anger rise up from inside him. Dominique said, swishing her blonde hair and smirking at Conrad. Dominique groaned as she placed her hand on Conrad's cheek while he growled. Haley said, her eyes light and sad as her mother and father ran to Conrad and took him off of their daughter. Conrad asked sarcastically, turning to face Haley. This should be the beginning of a very interesting summer…Total drama, but it's obvious that Haley and Conrad have a history. Mark asked as he smiled good naturedly at a middle aged woman surrounded by a gaggle of overexcited kids screaming for kid's meals. After taking the woman's money and going to fetch her order, Mark turned to his shift supervisor and called out,  Chandra nodded her head that it was okay, so Mark pulled off his apron on his way through the back and dropped it on the back of one of the break table chairs as he headed for the back exit. Tonight he had plans for one of those lunch packs that Star-Kist Tuna put out with the little crackers and single serving packs of mayo and relish. His boyfriend, Jason, was a bit 'overprotective' at times and insisted that Mark not leave work to run around during his breaks. Unfortunately he wasn't paying attention and slammed some poor guy in the face with the door on his way out. the man replied, dropping his hand and giving Mark a dazzling smile. A sandy-brown eyebrow raised in surprise at Mark's offer but, before Simon could react, Mark turned and took off across the parking lot at a quick trot with one last glance over his shoulder at the friendly stranger he'd accosted. Mark replied with a sigh and one final glance over his shoulder to see if Simon was seeing any of this. Jason didn't look too happy about being dismissed that way but Mark really didn't have a choice. Mark watched Jason's broad back for a second as he walked away and then turned to go back inside with a sigh of relief. Just as Mark approached the break table to sit down, he realized that he no longer had his lunch. well, right? Anais is the new girl who is used to being popular but now feels alone and a loser. Silence enveloped me as I stared at my new school from the cozy cocoon that was my car. The first thing I noticed when I entered the hallway of West St. Thomas High School was the silence. I must have looked like a lost puppy, just standing at the middle of the entrance hall, because a kind janitor asked if I needed something. Now, it's time to look for my locker and go to – I glanced at my schedule – AP Calculus. After a few wrong turns, I finally found my locker which was near the cafeteria and very far from the classrooms. I closed my locker and just leaned on it for a while. Oh, look. I looked up and saw the most gorgeous guy I have ever seen in my entire life. I looked down and true enough, my right hand was grabbing his shirt. I ignored him. My second period class was English Literature which I am looking forward to. Until my Dad announced that we were moving. I arrived at my English Lit classroom a little late and there weren't many good seats left. The class went by smoothly. I saved my number on her phone and decided to turn back to the teacher and listen. That was weird. Judging from the guy I bumped into this morning. I chirped in. She then went on to drag me towards the gym. We finally found the gym and – oh my gosh – this place is huge! There are four courts in the gym which can be converted from a basketball, volleyball, and badminton court. My face fell. I need to get out of here. I can't breathe. I quickly removed it off me. I looked at Tanner who was talking to who I assume is their coach, a fit but bald man who appeared to be in his early forties. He is the hottest piece of man I have ever seen in my entire life. A few minutes later, the coach gathered the players around him and said something I couldn't hear. They were the coldest shade of gray I have ever seen. How was it? new story, sort of. the title refers to a carpentry term. My voice spurred the beast of reckoning into action, his mouth parting in a goofy grin as he took off down the hall. Following in the dog's wake, I walked barefoot from my room to the kitchen. Someone once said that if you wake up and all you can think about is writing, then you're a writer. Carrying the toast downstairs, I entered my workshop. When working with the heavier tools, I tend to wear jeans to better protect myself from debris, and I had on a pair of old denims worn soft through use. But, to be fair, most of my brother's attitude towards me stems from his bitterness at my inheriting our grandparent's lakefront home. Though Hatti chattered enough for the both of us, my mind stayed on Alice Mojier. After dropping her off, I decided it was time to pay some people a visit. I walked from there to Brand's and found another young sales clerk 'holding down the fort', though male this time. It was quickly apparent, however, that everything was in good form, and my inspection changed to that of admiring some of the other pieces available. I don't really mind having to park my car around the block anymore. I know what you're thinking- why not just tell Jasper and his gas-guzzling friends to get their vehicles off of my property? Jasper's a good guy, but his friends. I'm not into the party scene and I never will be. I saunter into the kitchen, throwing on a pot of water to boil for pasta and then grabbing a couple of cookies out of the pantry. Tonight, however, someone interrupts my attempts at having cookies and watching Iron Chef America. More blank staring from me. he asks. Jasper looks surprised and definitely hurt, but he just sighs and scuffs his shoe on the edge of my porch mat. I wonder if he honestly wanted me at his party that much. When Friday morning rolls around, though, the cycle breaks, in the form of me puking and spiking a fever of some ridiculous level that should probably mean I'm dead. With an annoyed sigh, I throw on my hoodie, a pair of flip-flops, and grab my car keys. And usually this isn't a problem. This is my fucking house, dammit! The party isn't what I expected- I was anticipating something like from back in high school, all flashing lights and red cups and slutty girls on a dance floor and bad rap music that pounds through your whole body. It's a little bit of a shock, and I can't help but feel out of place all of a sudden. No one in the nearby vicinity answers, and I just sigh, the air catching in my dry throat. Instead, I'll have to settle for puking in my toilet. I yawn and stretch like a housecat, falling back onto the couch and clicking idly through the different shows I have recorded. Sorry about last night. And. About twenty seconds go past and then I hear the sound of the deadbolt unlocking. Jasper doesn't look convinced, but he manages a bigger smile this time. My throat catches in my throat and I feel kind of warm and fuzzy and excited. he says, picking up where the phone conversation left off. He tugs on the collar of my shirt and starts to walk backwards, and I get the idea, following him as we stumble our way to the bedroom. Jasper gets this hungry gleam in his eyes and wastes no time in picking me up. A/N: Happy birthday Emily! I didn't know at the time what was happening. Little did I know, those twinkly grey eyes would never sparkle the same way again. Knowing her she just might be still asleep in her bed, but I'm not sure how to explain all the other missed calls. I walk down the hall, bemused, having not seen her anywhere. I blink at the blonde girl, more bemused than ever. She wouldn't be caught dead hanging out with Bonnie Bryant and Angelica Monroe. She, quite literally, fell asleep listening to them go on, arguing about which one was prettier than the other. She walks faster, her legs so tiny they look about to snap under the pressure. I feel hurt starting to well up in my chest as Bonnie reaches up, squeezing her shoulder with a hand and whispering something to her. Bonnie, beside her, starts to laugh. The bell starts to resound throughout the school, signalling class is about to start. Because in her eyes there is no happiness, there is no light. I snap back to reality and blink, looking around the hall, wondering where everyone went. I give off the impression of being a goodie-goodie, as some people like to put it, and that's probably because I am. Walking down the locker aisle, I try to think of what I'm going to do. I don't know what to do. I mean I normally always know what's going on in Corbin Cox's head, but that's not because I'm a mind reader. This summer that stopped, though, and I don't know why, and I don't know how long ago it stopped. If something was going on, why didn't she come to me? Fine, there's plenty of other places I can eat. Only then I guess I'll have to save my sandwich for later because you're not allowed to eat in the library. Sighing, I shrug my shoulders and pad down the carpet slowly, hesitant to let myself in and be disappointed. Oh look more emo romangst. First chapter is dedicated to Brouc, for being so awesomely fantastic lately, and smexy Chad for helping me out more than he'll ever know (insert hearts). Boarding school all the way, baby. I give her my most charming smile, my hand snaking expertly between the dangerous cluttering of condiments. You always know it isn't a laughing matter when your name is said twice. I point out around a mouthful of soft, mushy broccoli. Foot in mouth much? Her hand rises to push back that insufferable, so-blond-it's-practically-yellow fluffy 80s fringe of hers and I can't help it; I inwardly grimace, imagining those oddly rectangular nails of hers catching on her face. Oh, well, wasn't that kind of her? I love it when my mother gets angry (except, obviously, when I'm on the receiving end of it. I reply coolly and I set my cutlery down, well aware that I won't be returning to the table after this. Her voice is low; nothing but a malicious hiss and I know I've crossed the line. Fun. I have about a weeks worth of clothes packed tight into my sports' bag (I think it was a cricket bag once? I dig the phone out, cursing as it slips through my fingers and grabbing it just before it hits anything noise-producing. …More importantly, what am I meant to do with it all? The screen is flashing angrily, and I randomly hit at buttons to shut it the hell up. It's from Mike: an eloquent hav fun in woop woop haha. There are seven hours to go, seven long fucking hours, and already I'm yearning for my small, cramped little bedroom. At the mention, at the thought of her, I put the headphones back on and turn the volume up as high as it can go. Penelope and I were close once, I think. Whatever. But we give family too much credit. I haven't eaten anything since I left, and my stomach is twisting and moaning in starvation. And it occurs to me, not for the first time, that I don't really have to get off. I get up, taking my hoodie and bag with me, and my walk is more of a stomp. Pfft. What a place to settle down. Ooh, wait! The bus isn't that big, but there are nearly eleven people strewed about, and the noise remains at an acceptable level. Tablelands. I sigh, the tip of my tongue dipping over my lip, and stretch my legs out properly. It's a hassle and a half getting the stupid bulging sports' bag through the thin doorway, and the messenger bag slips half-way down my arm when I finally manage to climb the hell down. She nods and looks out over the road, one hand arching up to pull the sunglasses down from her head. I watch her climb into the passenger seat of the car, leaning across to give the guy a kiss, and they drive off. I leave the sports' bag by my feet for a moment, wishing like fuck I'd worn my thongs too because there's a sauna going on in my joggers, and dig into my pocket for the stupid address. I almost drop the twenty bucks, swap it over to the other pocket, and finally snag the torn bit of paper mum scribbled Penelope's address on. She looks up from what her Woman's Day and purses her lips for a moment. The duck squawks, quacks, whatever ducks do, and abruptly changes course, its fat little body waddling back this way as fast as it can, putting some serious distance between it and the girl, who is yelling bloody murder at it. I jump back, because fucking ow that hurt! God. …I wonder if it's for sale. He chides and I guess his age to be early twenties. I snap, giving him the barest of glances. So she's engaged now? Oh god, please tell me she doesn't have kids. He continues, and I stop mid-step. I mutter, turning back to him slowly and ignoring his extended hand. Oh, this is just fucking great. I narrow my eyes suspiciously. Do they? …Is he fucking serious? I wait, watching as he gets smaller and smaller in the distance, this horrible dread feeling building inside me. He has to come back, obviously, I mean, it's not like he can just leave me here… it's illegal, isn't it? Nearly an hour later, I'm kind of regretting not handing over the bag. He asks for the umpteenth time, his voice laced with amusement. I grunt. He makes a motioning movement with his hand, at something behind him, and I figure it's the town. He chuckles quietly, his hands in his pockets and shoulders slouched in a relaxed type of way. I cut off, tired of his stupid questions. I groan, hissing at the burning pain rolling over my shoulders and he looks up at the sky. I bristle but don't answer; as if I'm going to give him the satisfaction of knowing my weedy city legs are absolutely dying. It's evening, beyond evening, so why the heck is it so hot? I wonder if my mother thinks I'm here, actually doing this, or if she's assumed I've backed out and run away somewhere. Anyway. But the house is tall, phallic (lawl) and its walls aren't brick. No friendly vines, no chimney. He closes the gate behind us, and gives the house a fond smile. Well, beggars can't be choosers. Well. The last time I saw Penelope was… what, two years ago? White, with pale pink stripes. I remember mum's frantic pleas, her cries (sobs) of how can you leave now, now? Remember the white-hot burning hatred that bubbled and boiled within my stomach, raced along my veins like wildfire. I haven't spoken to her since then either – why the hell would I? Nervous. And I didn't think it was possible for her to have changed so much. Despite her eyes, despite her face, she looks good. What does one even say in a situation like this? Probably not going to go down so well. She speaks first, and there's not the slightest hint of uncertainty in her voice. Taller. For a long moment her eyes study me, study mine. I don't reply, but I give a shrug. For the longest time nobody speaks, and nobody moves. Her spindly fingers tighten around the poor wooden spoon until I'm almost sure she's going to snap it in half altogether. But shes cut off again, this time by her fiancé. Of her. Family reunions. Wisely, Daniel doesn't try to talk to me on the way up the stairs. Upstairs is a wide hallway with four doors, startling white against the walls. I mutter, turning away from it and peering over the smooth, dark timber railing. He doesn't comment on the tone, the smile, anything. The room is perfectly square, with naked white walls and a rectangle window above the bed. He points out and I step inside gingerly; it's completely spotless. Great. I cross the room to the bookshelf; just as I suspected, it's a Bible. I snort, and slide the book back. Miles and miles of green. I snap, and yank the blinds shut. Um. tonight. A.N: When I was young both my parents worked until after school hours so I had to go home with one of my cousins. It started off innocently enough, I mean, you can't really blame me. He was okay, I guess- John, that is- he was clothed in the usual garb of jeans, boots and a casual shirt. I was nice; I introduced myself, allowed a smile at his terrible joke and let him down gently with a myriad of polite excuses (I'm new in town and want to establish myself/ I don't know you well enough/ I'm a teacher and probably educate one of your cousins/When I say cousin I mean sibling, 'cause you look a little inbred). I then started to get a bit more creative. Among the multitude of horny bachelors, Chase was something altogether different; not in looks per se, he had typical messy brown hair, dark brown eyes and tanned skin that were a dime a dozen in these parts. What made him different was that in those six months, he hadn't approached me the way the other guys had, we actually got to know each other during our quick five minute exchanges as I bought drinks. I looked around the room and couldn't find a single face that I hadn't already rejected. I smiled and tipped my bottle in salute to the table. Oh shit. At this point a resounding chant of 'Chase! I crossed my arms and shook my head. He let out a sigh. he murmured and pushed his chair closer to the table and tilted his head to the side, the mixture of amusement and sympathy almost endearing, but not enough to make me forget the hushed silence of our onlookers. I raised my eyebrows in the universal sign for 'Really? I let out an exasperated sigh and averted my eyes to the other side of the bar. He said lowly so that I was the only one privy to the information. He continued and moved us out of the way of two older ladies on their way to the toilet. I enforced and finally managed to take my arm out of his grip and lean against the wall, trying to get as much space between us as possible. his mouth pursed and he looked down at the ground between us for a moment. I let out a breath and averted my eyes to the intricate decoration in the corner of the ceiling. I shot my eyes back to meet his and saw that his hands had moved from the wall and he had taken a miniscule step back from our initial position. He grinned and gripped onto the bottom of my shirt, pulling me into contact with him. He bellowed down and was met with a resounding chorus of cheers, laughter and clapping. So, if all of that is what it took to end up with the bartender I really wanted, well. I don't think I'd rather have it any other way. It came just as I finished wiping down the last of the tables. warned Megan. Once in the safety of my car, I turned on the heater and backed out of the car park- on my way home. The rain came pouring down harder until my windscreen wipers were swiping at their fastest, yet it was still difficult to make out the many road signs. I don't know what it was at the time that made me so interested in him. However, this guy didn't have anyone to talk to. We stared at each other for a few seconds, neither of us moving. I was spared that thought hen he suddenly turned away from me and continued walking as if he had not seen me at all. As soon as I said that I slapped myself. He looked much larger than before. I blushed when I glanced up and saw him staring at me. I wanted to reach out to him, to comfort him but I stopped myself. I chuckled. I snorted as soon as that thought left me. However, I knew deep down that this was not the reason why I had taken to walking back from work this last week. I squinted up ahead, trying to see if there was any silhouette of a man walking but I could see no-one. I sighed. I looked out towards the road. The sky was turned orange as the sun began setting. I froze. My hair whipped around my face and I'm sure it caused him a lot of visual trouble seeing as he sometimes had to bend his head over my neck to see. There was my huge 18th birthday party, 2 years ago where the whole family as well as all my friends were invited to. My anger died a little before it flared up once again at the 15minutes of pure fright I had endured. I felt disappointment cloud in my stomach but didn't let it show because he was watching me intently. I blushed looking down at my empty plate, hoping he couldn't see my face. I glanced back up and into his eyes. I continued rambling, making wild hand gestures. We stayed silent and I assumed that we were driving to my home seeing as I had given him the address earlier. I wonder what my best friend, Linda, would say about this if she saw me. Right when I said that, it came pouring down. It continued raining and soon my clothes had become all drenched. I enquired once again. Ok, he's still hasn't said anything. Great, I had to go and ruin everything. We arrived at my home, an extremely small 1-storey brick house. Those few words make my heart burst and I closed my eyes as he bridged the gap between us. Yes, I thought. You may not know this, but there's a limit to how many times you can fall down the stairs without repercussions. I plugged in my straightening iron and waited for it to heat up. Not knowing my plan for the day, I strolled around my neighborhood and enjoyed the autumn scenery for a while. After a couple hours, I was thoroughly frustrated with trying to work on my website and needed to take a break to reset my creative zen. Sage shouted as she attempted to clench the back of my jacket. Sage sat up and felt around for her glasses. I screamed and scurried forward towards Sage. Was all both of us could think of. Expecting the blow to come we closed our eyes and braced ourselves. Sage screamed out with a mix of fear and relief in her voice. The man advanced further and my mind went completely blank. I said slapping his hand away from her face. Sage screamed, and attempted to push him away. The guy called out and, from what seemed like nowhere, out popped another dude. I turned my head away and closed my eyes. Sage screamed, panicked. He asked in his raspy voice. At that moment I came to a conclusion, the man was crazy. I asked after 20 minutes of running. I mouthed back. Soon we approached a great white, stonewall that seemed at least 20 feet high. I had relaxed on his shoulder and fidgeted less. He threw his shirt to the side, turned towards me, and I stared at his chest. I hopped off the bed and made a break for the first door I saw. I put my hands on his chest and tried pushing him away. He said rubbing his head in my neck. He undid his belt and threw it to the side next to his shirt. I said seductively while wrapping my arms around his neck. He kissed down my chest and started tugging at my bra with his teeth. He growled, leaning his chest on my back and wrapping his arms around my waist. Must I say it again? I commented. He asked rubbing my butt again, if that was suppose to help relieve the pain then that was one dumbass method. Trying to slow my breath I searched for my clothes and put them back on. I cried out like a cave man and stood up. Being dumbed down by rage and fear I ran around the house like a hamster with its tail on fire. I grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him closer,  I… I… I was not thinking correctly that day. I asked, if there was one thing in the world I could not live without, it was my laptop. We had walked through the mansion, out, and down the road. Getting away from the story here, sorry. He asked tossing me a catalog. He smiled and leaned down to me,  He pecked me on the lips and started walking away. On the bed again, I was. He had me there, I didn't deserve for him to be gentle, but I was fighting for my life and dignity. First published in 2007, I'm taking the time to revamp the first couple chapters of this story because they were pretty terrible, and I could not live with myself. the time they were such. I.. a crush on Chester, he is just so cute and. "Oh. "Um. o. "You're. "Uh. whatever. "Um. lake close by, hmm. "Cool. "Oh. "Um. yeah. Well there is the first chapter. This is an apology for letting the story rot for so long. The bad news is that too much time has passed since I started this story. Thank you again. either, if you get my drift…. only I could find him…. of Chapter One. for The  Contest. Nevertheless, I'd had my revenge. The best part? And then, finally, I headed toward the hallway his locker was located in . . Can you believe it? Still, as I felt my eyes being probed by his, I knew this was the point of no return—I did like the guy. Then I scampered off quickly, hearing the deep, amused sound of his laugh as I sprinted into English, the first person there . . But Jared Barrett was popular, and surely the high school grapevine would have revealed his relationship status eventually . Ali frowned, hating the idea that all of us we're going to be separated now, but I knew it was gonna happen someday, so thank goodness it was now, when all I wanted to do was escape Ian and his . And then my mood immediately went down . I started walking . I sputtered, cursing the unruly fact that I just had to wear heels today. And that was it—that was the moment I knew my life would change forever. Yup, maturity. What the hell just happened? I must have fallen down somehow, without knowing. There was a knock at my door and I hobbled over to open it, surprised to see Ian standing on the other side. And that was it—the big secret I kept from everyone: Ian Cross? Hesitantly, I smiled, and he smiled back, thank goodness. notes: this is officially the longest oneshot i've ever written. to update this weekend I decided to post this instead. that this recipe makes no promises. promise to respond to all the reviews in the next main chapter! Usually, I hate confrontation. I'm not sure what it was, but something about the conversation I had just had with the current 'particular person' who appeared to be pissed off with me, was off. Will unceremoniously dropped me from his back and spun around to fix me with a fierce glare. There's another thing I can't stand – looking a person in the eyes. Shit. He said bluntly. I mustered up a glare from somewhere and met his eyes. He had caught me mid-sentence. What's he getting at. Suddenly, he was gone. Still walking. I contemplated acting dumb as I stared at the ground. But. I couldn't act dumb, not any more. Not many people can make me feel this way. What? Jesus almighty save me now from humiliation. . . Before the warmth could slide out of me again, I kissed him once more, pulling his bottom lip between my own and biting down on it gently, then attaching myself to his whole mouth. What I saw made my stomach leap, almost painfully. Will stared at me. Stupid boy. He murmured, before kissing me again. But. He said suddenly. Woop. It's funny, cause I started this oneshot with no clue where it was going. Please, please, PLEASE review! Quartetto [© Thea Nishimori, 2009]This story is a work of fiction, and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. Cesare Ricci, our intrepid leader by default of being the oldest, was a quintessential Italian opera singer - big voice, big ego, but with an even bigger heart. Luc Laurent, the youngest of us, was a handsome Frenchman who, unlike the rest of us, came from a non-classical background. Well, perhaps not as privately as I'd thought. I'm Brian Douglas, the only American of our group, and a farm boy from rural Illinois who always feels like an unrefined boor among these genteel Europeans. When we finally went out to the reception hall to mingle with our guests, Luc having hastily swallowed his sandwich, I had the same vantage point as I usually did. I noticed that Johann had broken away from a small crowd of adoring female fans, and was heading in my direction. he said, raising it in the same gesture of salute as I had given earlier. I offered, with a genuine smile. I answered, struggling not to blush. he said, glancing back at Cesare. Young Prince Louis, only five years old, had been standing patiently in the room where his dying father laid abed gasping for breath and coughing horrendously to expel the air. His mother, the queen sat devotedly on the bed beside her husband. Prince Louis slowly approached the bed and reached out to touch his father's hand. he managed to say. When his father breathed his last there was silence and his mother let out a single cry as tears ran down her slightly wrinkled face. They cheered and bowed down to him, their new king. Nineteen years later, Louis had become a king who was adored by his subjects with his charismatic ways, but at the same time viewed by some as inept, as he made one foolish blunder after another in his rule. King Louis made his way to his chambers after a long night of revelry. said the king haughtily. Louis was undressed and changed into his nightshirt by his officers and valets. King Louis nodded. When he went to bed he was still frustrated with women for not being capable of satisfying him. King Louis thought of himself as an irresistible and tantalizing man. Mademoiselle Blondelle de Marlon, his last mistress, was the perfect example of the sort of women he was bored with. She had remained her high position as his mistress for barely three weeks. The next morning he had his Secretary of State find a courtier to wed Mademoiselle Blondelle. Louis wanted a young lady for himself whose seduction would be a challenge, a lady who would not give into him so easily. Colbert knew Louis was not safe on the throne unless he had an heir. He turned to his side, opening his eyes. She certainly did not look familiar to him. She had a faint aroma on her of an exotic flower, possibly freesia. Her skin was fair and soft looking and sprinkled with light freckles. He wondered how she could have slipped into his chamber unnoticed. He had never seen a lady's nightclothes such as she was wearing. King Louis whispered softly, as avoid frightening her. I'm dead. King Louis looked on the Englishwoman, his mind now cluttered with even more questions. Elora, what a beautiful name, but who was she? Perhaps someone had drugged her and deliberately placed her in his bed to ruin him, for he had enough enemies. He would perhaps transfer her via the hidden passages too another chamber once she was conscious. King Louis put on his robe and looked at he clock on his mantle. The king opened his bedchamber doors himself, quickly ordering them to be shut them behind him by the guards. There were serving women of all sorts that entered only minutes later. It was obvious to Louis that this creature thought he was going to make love to her, but he would never consider the degradation. They straightened their posture, showing they were at attention to do the king's bidding. King Louis nodded with approval. She sat down for a moment and wondered how she got hoisted into this duty. Moments like this she wished her husband, Francis, were still alive. As the lady slept Suzanne prepared for her awakening. The lady had no gowns or underskirts or corsets or stockings to speak of. She would have to make several trips to fetch all the things her mistress would need. This newly appointed duty would far outweigh her position at the king's court before now. Thank you so much for reading The Celestial City. pulleys? to tremble and her eyes to fill with tears. out. money. know. Don't. other tattoo". other tattoo. the first chapter yet not reading anymore. to her hell in the future. D'Airain College! his. I scowled, he didn't recognise me? ''Hi! AN: I re wrote this story, SO STOP TELLING ME STUFF ABOUT THE FIRST CHAPTER! want to write more about this chapter and how it sucks NOW then GO AHEAD. I have a temper. said, upturning cushions on the sofa. handbag? did apply to her best friend. face. staring into space as she recalled the memory. name". 'Our'. cringed. were ugly. direction of a guy standing on the outskirts of the floor. intense itch all over their front, especially their private parts. his face. lost somewhere in the crowd. to sound boring enough to get him to leave. with money and promises of free drinks". his hair, longer than average and falling over his face, was red. way. it. said after a short pause. are no different than everyone else. past. asked, frowning a little. little. asked. again". She wondered, watching his face. situation. her side, listening to the cars rolling past outside. good time? Summer's breathing behind her. Okay, either I was a robber, thief, murderer etc in my last life, or God just really hates me. My name is Lena Scott. Well, that brings me to the next part of the story. Jake never wanted me to be with nay guy. I knew how it worked. I sighed. 'Huh? 'Are you okay? 'Yeah, I know. 'Oh yeah sure. 'Not much better. 'Its okay, Jake. 'Not everyone,' he replied sadly. I knew this line already. Well, he wasn't THAT good looking but he wasn't ugly either. 'Hey. 'Ah well. 'Oh god! 'Whatever,' I said. 'That's not the problem is it? 'Oh him,' I replied. And then he got up and walked away, leaving me dumbfounded. 'Jake, open up, its me! 'You heard me,' he said loudly. He froze. In most romance stories, this would be the part where I kissed him. And that was when I also knew what great things punches could do for you. A parent is never supposed to bury a child. My little brother is. That is, he's the only one who knows how to perform the surgery unless we want to pay for three tickets to Switzerland and then pay the $950,000 for the surgery. It's hard watching someone you love die… watching them slowly wither away. I grinned at her, feeling the pressure of all the lies I'd been telling welling up behind me, threatening to make me crack. I lied through my teeth, flicking a strand of wavy strawberry-blonde hair out of my eyes. Mary-Alice was hurt, I could tell. I'm always surprised when I think about our friendship. I called back, smiling apologetically even as I pushed further away. I winced – it was my mother's employer's son, Gabriel Donovan. I mumbled irritably, and tried to push past him once more, but again he stopped me. I stood still. Our parents – his father and my mother – were in love. Getting around school all day and through my classes was a trial, as it had been over the last couple of weeks. The harsh voice that broke through my thoughts late that afternoon during the last period of the day belonged to Mr. Jeffries. All in all, he wasn't a pretty sight, and at that moment the not-so-pretty-sight was leaning over my desk, his long, pointy nose inches from my own. Perhaps I should also mention at this point that it was rumored that Mr. Jeffries is a pedophile. I asked in kind, knowing immediately that it was the wrong thing to say. Throughout all this, the classroom had remained utterly silent. Mr. Jeffries replied coldly, just as a paper plane soared past my ear, and landed at Jeffries feet. Mr. Jeffries hissed. Gabriel sounded bored. As always, the five second pause was in play. A few minutes later, the bell rang, and instead of the feeling of freedom I usually felt at the end of the day, I felt cold, numbing horror. I live with Gabriel. Now, Gabriel and I may not have spoken much, despite living together, but at least he never treated me like a slave or anything. Jeffries somehow always makes his voice sound like silk – so smooth, and even, and ultimately evil. His grin was the epitome of malevolence as we stood. I still felt creeped out, but I satisfied myself by wallowing in my hate for Jeffries and Gabriel while counting each second that passed. I tried to keep the sarcastic bite out of my voice, but I had a feeling that I failed abysmally. Gabriel stood. I gave him an odd look, but without further provocation, I slipped out the door silently, and waited for Gabriel. I finally asked. I didn't know why I was pressing the matter – I loathed spending time with this being, and yet I was questioning him like I was his mother, or a clingy girlfriend. I snapped back. Gabriel snapped back at me. Just as swiftly as he had cornered me, he was suddenly gone, striding down the corridor and out of sight. I murmured, absently fiddling with his bedspread. You know those plates that spin on top of those poles, and you have to keep spinning them, or they'll all crash? She wasn't panicked, just resigned. Dragging my heels, I made my way to the den with the vacuum cleaner. I said mockingly, bowing my head. The softly spoken word came from Gabriel, and it carried such authority that instinct and habit demanded it be obeyed – it also made my dignity demand that I ignore the command and sweep out of the room anyway. he continued, ignoring her protestations. He murmured something softly, but I had already left the room. I jumped, and scowled when I saw Seth leaning against the doors behind me. Seth grinned, and I felt my bad mood slide away like water off a ducks back – I'd always been a little in love with him. Seth said dismissively. I stared at the single salty drop that quivered on his index finger, and a wealth of longing welled up inside of me. As if he had heard me, Seth pulled away, and made me look at him. A/N: Hey all! 2. 3. I don't know, it sounds kind of sucky. My eyes flashed angrily as I whirled on him, even as I kept my voice at a low hiss. Copyright © Hannah Hooton, 2012The right of Hannah Hooton to be identified as author of this work has been asserted in accordance with the Copyright, Designs &amp; Patents Act 1988. Come Race Day, she realises that there is a lot more at stake than just a trophy. They drove up the busy Newmarket High Street towards the Clock Tower Roundabout, and with each rotation of the wheels, Ginny felt herself being reeled in, closer and closer to the familiarity that was home. 'Were any of the Muppets racing trainers? Ginny watched the road ahead, a silent battle between her insecurities and ambition raging inside her. Ray snapped back to attention too late. Scrabbling with her belt, Ginny followed suit. Ginny was drawn back to the owner of the other car by the dry sarcasm beneath a lyrical French accent. 'No, no. 'Why don't we move everything to the side of the road? 'I'll give you my number then. 'Here you are,' Ginny said to the man, proffering the Lotus' bumper. But the Frenchman was already gone. She could hear her mother in the kitchen, above the cheerful banter of Radio 2. 'Oh well, you're here now. 'Oh, Ginny. 'Ginny! Despite her efforts to be strong, Ginny felt a lump rising in her throat and she struggled to swallow it. 'Now, now. Ginny followed her father's groggy lead out of the house and down the brick path which bisected the front garden. 'First, let me show you our new champ,' Jim said, bustling across the brick yard. 'Even better looking when we have him out on the track again. 'Evening, Mr Kennedy. 'Much better, thanks, Kerry,' Jim replied, his tone softening. Ginny swivelled round, thankfully recognising the man. 'Ginny! 'Listen to you! 'Sure she has,' Jim said. Okay, okay. But other than that, yay? Tiernay shot me that multi-faceted glare again, and again I fought the urge to drive some wood into his lung. I told Tiernay, shifting the crossbow in my arms to a more easily fired position. I shifted into a squatting position on the fire escape, my butt tingling from having sat on the metal stair for too long. Ten minutes past. An indignant noise burst from my throat as I stood and leapt off the fire escape, and attempted to follow. I frowned. Jesssssiiiccccaaaa. I whispered to the Tiernay, unable to keep a touch of fear out of my voice. Tiernay grunted. Jeeeeeeeessssiiiicaaaaaa. I had long ago gotten rid of my squeemishness in regards to killing human-ish creatures, easy enough to do when it had been a way of life since fourteen. These DOIs were nicely dressed. I stated out loud to myself, even as I swung my giant knife overhead two-handedly to chop off polo-DOI's head, the only way to permanently kill a vamp other than sun-frying and heart removal. I whirled around, brandishing my bloody machete, but it was only Tiernay there, wiping his hand on a bloody t-shirt. I let out an inarticulate yell and charged, my blade sliding through the woman's shoulder with far more ease that it should have. Pulling myself up painfully, stabs of fire shooting through my abdomen informing me that I most likely had a cracked rib or dozen, I looked towards where the woman was staring into Tiernay's eyes intently, a malicious smile on her pretty face. The woman snarled at me, and I had to repress a shudder of revulsion as some of the skin peeled away from her face like a mask, leaving behind a red sort of. Calc replied with a smirk I could hear across the damn phone. There were socially acceptable methods for obtaining a roommate for grad school – Darcy Kincaid IV had seriously considered those socially acceptable methods until one Spencer Moran entered his life. Though Darcy and Spencer were not complete strangers, their one degree of separation was precarious: Spencer was the long-time pen pal of Darcy's close friend Emily Park, who was utterly embarrassed by his lack of etiquette and common sense. They had been writing to each other monthly for over eight years, covering high school and college and several life changes. Spencer was plainly abnormal. Curiosity and admiration for Spencer's accomplishments – more first author publications than Darcy had; more hackathon victories than Emily – did not make up for the fact that Spencer seemed a borderline sociopath. Perhaps Spencer knew that Darcy would not hesitate to matriculate to Harvard. California had changed him, no doubt. It seemed that Spencer, too, had craved a change of scenery and thus decided to move down the street for grad school. Spencer Moran was a math genius from Boston with poor social skills and no friends – that was the extent of his personality, though Emily insisted that he was funny and altruistic sometimes. Just when Darcy had found a roommate in Henrik, another incoming physics grad student who seemed perfectly reasonable, Spencer Moran apologized for his rudeness, and begged Darcy to be his roommate. The blonde obsession was an inside joke that began when Darcy and Ricky moved into their fraternity house in their first summer. Susie Sweet was probably the most beautiful girl on the planet, and Darcy's ultimate blonde crush. The Susie obsession preceded the Spencer obsession by a few days. Darcy and his friends certainly had fun, and the best of their adventures were faithfully reported in Emily's letters east. They'd all graduated, gone on a whirlwind road trip through the great national parks of the American West, and made memories to last a lifetime. His new life lay at the other side of the gate, and he thought optimistically about new beginnings. He did eventually fit in, but just as Darcy was beginning to feel at home in Silicon Valley, he was returning to his patrician, Ivy League roots. Hey darcy your boxes came. With an exasperated shake of his head, Darcy whipped a quick text back: beer and chips. Darcy was seated next to a goddess who, in all his years flirting with and fucking blondes, was the closest to Susie Sweet as he had ever seen. I jump as I hear a male voice coming from behind me, in my very own bathroom at that. I shake my head at him in disgust and walk out of the bathroom and down the pink carpeted hallway. He probably isn't used to feeling such strong feelings for a girl, being so reserved and all that. Just I'll have to get another toothbrush, I wrinkle my nose at the thought and turn into the kitchen, flicking on the lights and heading for the fridge. I shake my head and grab out the rest of the pancake mix from last night and set it down on the counter, closing the fridge gently behind me. Clean all the time. No. He says and doesn't move. I comment with a shudder and go to get the margarine out of the fridge when it's shoved in my face. I say looking in the bowl with an ahhh right sort of tone, shaking my head. He says with a little bit of irritation. I want to know. I grab his shirt and pull on it, a button popping off and spinning onto the table top when I do. I say with a nod, walking with determination towards the red and white chequered tea towel. I note with a smirk; something he definitely has in common with me, something I never thought possible. Furrowing my brows I can't seem to find anything I dislike about his hair; it looks, feels and even smells really nice. I groan, crossing my arms myself and curling my lip. He gets up and grabs Muffy's leash from the hook, shaking his head and then giving yet another eye roll at the leash. Oh, his shoes. Tugging on a piece of hair I look away from the door out into the hallway innocently. That Male stares at me like I've said something very stupid indeed. I beam up at him, deciding to get to my feet when his expression turns murderous. That Male doesn't even abuse me for 'his old shoes being better'. Standing back I stare at all the piles, eyeing them critically. I'm thinking he needs more colours. I jump out of my reverie and swivel my head to the door. What else are they even there for? He storms back out with the shirt angrily and I open my mouth, about to say but I was 10 years old when I hear the front door open and slam closed in a matter of seconds. I am so mad I kick over one of his cheap, plastic chairs and storm out of my house too, after him. Oh, it's Jarred. Staring back at him, I'm surprised to say I am kind of repulsed. I say, reaching for his hand and giving it a squeeze. I say sweetly and Jarred beams even harder, but when I look back to That Male; I discover he is gone. I actually say yes. Honestly, he has to be pulling my leg with this. I growl and cork his thigh with a knee, making him stumble back a little. I feel a groan from in the room, and look down to see Jarred coming to. What? Matt spins around to face him, and his fists clench. Wife and husband? I'm about to point out that Matt's in the room, kind of irately, because of what I thought would be a coming together of a new, more mature relationship he is calling fun. he says, and without another word, exits the house. Just like we're – just like we're already married. I go out with my friends and I…complain about him to them…and then I, I walk the dog some mornings when I'm off work and he has idiotically forgotten his lunch that I made him…and, Oh my God. Everyone's been saying it. But we act like we are, and like it's been that way for ages. I spot Jarred's scarf, lying innocently on the coffee table. …I'm doing it again. I say, as if it were obvious. Be nice. I say quietly, trying my hardest not to get irritated. I don't know what I mean, actually. He reminds me and I press my lips together, not being able to talk, save I blow up at him for his complaints. It's like he's trying to aggravate me on purpose. Ignoring him, I pull out the drawer and grab the ladle, about to walk past him when he lets out another. Bringing my arm back, I smash the ladle on top of his head where it snaps in half and the front of it falls to the ground. I feel his arms encircle me, and his lips press back against mine. Sorry I don't update as much as usual. A/N: Thanks so much for reading! I groaned, shutting off the radio as I pulled into Chaucer High's parking lot. It had been a personal tradition of mine to make February 14 the most miserable day possible, going back to the good old days in lower school, when the teachers had us make personalized Valentines for everyone in the class. I pulled into a parking space behind a four-foot snow pile, checking my reflection in the rearview mirror. Sighing, I pulled my snow boots out of the trunk; the sidewalks still hadn't been cleared completely from the previous week's blizzards, and it was impossible to drive while wearing those clunkers. Yeah, right. Will had proved himself right—when he'd still lived at home before college, he'd have a different girl over every week. Am I bitter? I locked my car, plodding through the slush and losing myself in the crowd that was pushing its way through the school doors, buzzing with excitement. My best friend Molly greeted me with a wave. I looked down at myself—I was wearing black pants and a gray and white striped top. Kelly fidgeted with a small bag of candy hearts. I heard a shrill call from behind me, and I spun around to see Olivia Lee, a senior from my hockey team, towering above the crowd, striding towards me. Olivia called over her shoulder as she turned to continue down the hall. I shrugged, and she nodded. I stuck my tongue out at Molly and searched through my backpack until I found my wallet, motioning that I'd be back in a second. It was none other than Noah Peterson, my most recent  We'd sat next to each other in Health, cracked jokes on just about every sexual innuendo we heard, and I'd gotten to know him pretty well. I rolled my eyes. Noah pushed his dark blond bangs out of his eyes, so they stuck out in front of his face. Noah offered. I smirked, dropped a dollar on the table, and left for English class. Alex Sanders, a redheaded senior, stepped to the front of the group. Amy Cohen's face was reddening by the moment—Alex Sanders was now leaning on her desk, crooning into her ear—and at this rate, her face was probably going to start turning purple soon. The class was silent, all eyes on the Cobra Chords, as, Noah stepped out from behind another boy, pulling a paper heart from his blazer pocket. Crap. My heart thudded and I sat on my hands. Noah dangled another paper heart in front of my face. I sighed. I couldn't concentrate for the rest of English. I was actually going to murder that girl when I saw her next. Noah paced in circle around my desk as he sang, occasionally leaning onto my table, and even taking my hand once. Noah muttered, smiling. I was useless the rest of the morning. She shrugged. Sure enough, Noah smirked as he sauntered over to my bench, motioning for Kelly and Molly to move over. Message: So it's a war of love, is it? I sighed as the boys began with a chorus of hums. Noah smiled, pleased by the compliment. I declared, taking a bite of my sandwich. When the bell rang for the end of lunch, all I wanted to do was glue my butt to that bench and never have to get up. Señora Hernandez barked. Crap. Message: Let's hope we settle this war soon. Well, this was awkward. He brushed my hair from my face again, just like he had in the hall. Señora Hernandez stood up and began to usher the Cobra Chords out of class, but I couldn't help myself. I murmured and wrapped my arms around his neck. I was still pretty sure I didn't believe in high school love, but if anything came close, this would be it. She groaned. Selene felt a new but familiar annoyance sweep over her that morning. She slapped his hands away. Selene looked at her watch; she was going to be late. Selene suppressed a groan, she wasn't late but the teacher always felt the need to call her out either way. She was so tired, she knew last night she had class today, she told herself not to have too many but then the bet with Ben and then it turned into a party she couldn't help herself. the truck". Are you okay"? clear. Her mother looked at her. Hey guys! Bedlam Inc.How was Layney Aldridge supposed to know that more excitement than just clubs and hot boys awaited her on her spring break to Miami? I slurred, pausing and trying to think back to when I had last seen Ali. He winked at me and disappeared into the masses. I giggled and batted my eyelashes at him, looping my arm around his as he led me from the swaying mass of bodies into the staggering humidity of nighttime Miami. He ran his hands up the backs of my legs, his deep brown eyes pinned to mine. We broke apart, breathless, though he continued to ravish my neck with his lips and teeth. His lips returned to mine and he backed me against the wall, his hands running all over me. I opened my eyes, the outside world swimming before me, and tried to locate the speaker, but everything more than two feet away from me had gone dark. My stomach bubbled and I opened my eyes to blackness, though even without seeing, I felt as if I was on the Tilt-a-Whirl that came to my town each summer. My mind raced. He too, only smirked. My breathing grew labored, though my heartbeat roared in my ears. Chapter: PrologueCharacter is what you are in the dark. I barely whispered aloud, knowing the only one in the house was yours truly. My body began to tremble as I walked to the opposite side of the garage and began to place the metal cuffs around my wrists, not tight though. Then I sat and waited. Night. I cannot hold onto that truth. No. We hope that you enjoy getting to know Dag and Adreyan as much as we enjoyed creating them. Hey there. Most people seem to think that I'm not very open when it comes to meeting new people, and I'm inclined to agree with them. I have two personalities, I guess you could say. As for that personality thing I mentioned earlier, well, let's just say that I dress differently, and act differently than when I'm here at school. Now, for the club life, I'm not too different. As it was, I was currently getting ready to go out to a new club I heard a few guys talking about a couple nights ago. I was just getting out of the shower, and I had been in the process of getting into my clubbing clothes, when, to my everlasting annoyance, my roommate shows up. His name's Gage D'Angelo, he's Italian, and one of the loudest people I have ever had the pleasure or displeasure of meeting, depending on how you look at it. Gage can be a bit to handle at times. He's a little shorter than me, standing at about five feet seven inches tall, with straight black hair that's long in the front and shortens as it goes back, and he has dark blue eyes that are constantly covered in gray lens prescription sun glasses. His dress style is something like mine, except, he refuses to wear anything except sandals with no socks. Sighing, I dropped down in the chair in front of my desk, resigned to the fact that I was probably going to be embarrassed tonight. By the time I'd grabbed my wallet, making sure I didn't need to go to the bank first, Gage was out of the bathroom and had changed into another pair of baggy cargos, dark green this time, along with a tight, dark green muscle shirt under a pale green button down tee shirt. Opening the door, I motioned for Gage to get out, locking the door behind me. Nodding, Gage leant over, pulling a black folder from under his seat and handed it to me. Waving him off, I headed towards the bar. Nodding, I looked towards the stage, seeing the members of the band starting to come out on stage. Frowning, I glanced towards the stage and saw what must have been the lead singer of the band and saw that Gage was right. He looked to be in excellent shape, probably from all that moving around on stage, though he wasn't very tall by my standards, probably only about five foot six or seven. Usually, when I went to a club, I would always pay attention to the lyrics of the song being played or sung. Glancing behind me, a little annoyed, I growled,  I cut myself off. As I watched him down half my drink in one swallow, I shook my head, wondering who this guy was. Wide eyed, I could only stare at him. To say that I was shocked, was the least of it. Swaying my hips slightly, I stopped in the middle of the dance floor, close to the stage where Adreyan could see me. As I watched, he turned to his band mates, and helped them gather their equipment and pack it away before disappearing backstage again after flashing me a grin. Waving him off, I watched him make his way to the dance floor, sipping at the drink in my hand as I watched the people move on the dance floor. Disgusted, I shook my head. To Be Continued. A/N: Hey there. I leaned back and pretended to be impressed. I didn't react. Balang settled. I let out a small sigh. What was I the goddess of? Throughout all the pantheons that existed there were all sorts of extraordinary gods and goddesses – creatures who stood for and symbolized the greatest forces of the galaxy. Then there was me. He would see me in the morning. . I stopped past the shops on my way home to pick up some cat food. Surrounding myself with hundreds and thousands of facts made me feel alive. By the time I made it through the front door the sun was already setting. After work, each night I would come home to my Earth cottage. I had a library, too – a great, grand, wide library. Not all gods were like me. They didn't, however, break the rules. There were other rules, too. All you had to do was accept to live and behave in accordance with the rules. Thinking about Thor/Zeus/Jupiter brought an angry flush to my cheeks, and I took a hearty sniff as I turned the key to open my front door. I took one last glance at the sky and the rays of sunlight filtering down. If I'd had the time, I would have counted them – though it technically isn't possible to count rays of light. It was always in the details for me – everything was. Tia is the owner of La Palace, which we opened together after graduating from cooking school three years ago. And all this is due to Tyler Hutchence. Summary: A dispassionate young man, plagued by a childhood accident, spends his days hiding away from a village that largely pretends he does not exist. Exactly three days had passed since Allen last feared for his life. He'd tried to put up a fight, had kicked and wrestled and screamed at the top of his lungs, hoping someone would hear him before it was too late. Allen was no stranger to the folklore surrounding the thick expanse of trees bordering his village, had grown up listening to stories of the dark fae and Crys said to inhabit the forest since he was a babe. With the sky completely blocked out by thick branches, there was slim to no chance that he'd make it home before nightfall. Allen asked hesitantly, looking between the boys gathered around him. We had a long history, him being my next door neighbor for all the eighteen years we'd lived. I was stunned when I found out that I was in love with him. And now, at this very moment, I was holding his arm and he was looking at me in surprise. he said and I tried to regain my balance by holding onto his arm. I snapped back to reality. he said, shaking his head so violently, I feared that it might fall off. I assured him. he snapped. I waited edgily. I pouted in response. I smiled, letting my left hand wander to his head, tentatively stroking his thick brown hair. I just stared at him. I was faltering. Finally Duncan pulled away. he seemed angrier by each passing minute. Finally I got him to pull away. he snapped. I pressed the matter, clasping my small hand around his upper arm. I said, blushing and feeling highly embarrassed. I shuffled uncomfortably and finally looked up at him. I slowly walked over to my own house, just a few yards away. I observed him from my room when he played basketball, mostly only in his shorts because of the August heat, but he never so much as glanced over to my house, let alone my window. I had been pondering about why he'd thought I'd made any kind of bet and with whom. During the past days, even my daily dose of South Park episodes couldn't do much for me. So on that faithful, or at least I hoped it to be, Wednesday, I stepped outside and went over to Duncan's car. After I'd finished, I hurried back to my house, dumped the paint, a. When he finally came out, I saw him check his hood, jump back and… turn around. Two and a half very long and sweaty hours later I cursed myself, panting heavily and wiping my forehead. I stared hard at Duncan, who'd been lying in the grass for the past hour or so. He yelped and jumped to his feet, soaking wet and dripping with water. I just nodded, feeling a bit shy under his intense stare. he said, sounding tentative, making me look up to him and gaze at his gorgeous face. help! this round. Marshall, honey. the hell else would I be? seen their Uncle Marshall. I forget. book. craned my neck to see the title of the DVD. . Pants? I need to quit smoking. live in . about. proud of what you've become. myself in the mirror. Professor . on the second floor. looked relieved. You can call me Graham. was really a nervous kind of fellow. this one. Uh, if . uh. Hi. . Drinks, and. '. This is the story of me, Mia Bailey, one girl with boring dark brown hair and boring brown eyes. You all know of the cliches, right? Yeahhh. Anyhoo, The 'guy makes a bet to make a girl fall in love with him' cliche, was supposed to happen to me . ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Tell me what you think. I cry as I near trip over a garden hose, the plastic cased ornaments threatening to spill from my arms. The two girls, blonde and red-headed respectively, share a look and turn their pouts upon him. I offer, casually, trying not to make it sound like too big of a deal. Sighing, I narrow my eyes at the pine needles, flicking a branch absent-mindedly. His chest bumps into my back, and the top of my head with his chin, as he reaches across my shoulder to hang a shiny silver bauble on the tree. Kent walks forward and kicks him in the leg, grabbing Madeline by the back of her dress and dragging her from Comet's pant leg. Deciding to change the subject, I grab the ornament out of his hands and hand it to Alex, my brother's quieter, sweeter friend. My brother sends Comet a scowl, before snatching one of the ornaments out, and then purposely stepping in front of him so he can't get to the tree. Pursing my lips, I narrow my eyes at him, waiting it out to see if he stops. Madeline scrambled into his arms, causing my brother to glare daggers at him and Alex to shake his head, hitting his temple with a palm. As Madeline puts the angel on top, she sneaks a glance at me and sticks out her tongue. I whisper back, blinking in bemusement. What did he just say to me? Nonetheless they turn back to their jobs, poking and kicking each other instead of using the baubles and little candy canes as weapons. I bite my lip, trying not to laugh as he falls off the roof, about the third time in five minutes. I walk over to him, eyeing the lights warily before bending down to unravel them. My fingers brush his bare knees as I take off the last, twisted string of lights, and my cheeks warm at the exposure to his skin. Comet's face ends up inches away from mine, and he reaches up with a hand to touch my cheek. Damn it, she saw it. Feeling relieved that my face has somewhat turned back to its normal colour, I turn to face him, preparing myself for the worst. He better hope he doesn't fall off and get in amongst the lights again. His lips twitch at that and he looks down at the stapler, shrugging and pressing down on it, creating a perfect little oval. Grabbing the cushions and putting them into little piles we squash down on them, making ourselves comfortable and dragging the coffee table – with all the strips on it – to our feet. In fact I've been pretty much having fun the whole time I've been hanging out with him, these past two days. Except I know. Frowning at the TV screen, I feel my happy mood start to slip. Sighing, I try not to think about it and return to doing my paper chain, concentrating it on making it better than his. A hand reaches over and covers mine, and I nearly slip and stab a staple through my other one because of the shock. What is he doing giving us strange looks, anyway? Of course he's not going to forget about it, though. He visibly flinches at my words and it makes me inwardly wince, feeling guilty for being so nasty. I want to apologise to him for what I said, but it's probably better this way. I stare at him, lips twitching with mirth; his lips are now the colour of Marilyn Monroe's, except very poorly applied and with very crappy lipstick. Thankfully Comet had a lot of my relatives, especially the younger girls, talking to him and distracting him from me for the day. This is great, actually, seeing as lately things have been really weird between us. The night is nearly over and people are already starting to leave, and we've barely exchanged a word. Sticking my tongue out at her, I walk out into the hall and through the front door; hugging myself when I realise how cold it's gotten outside. Turning, he starts to make his way back over to the front door. Sucking up my embarrassment, I walk over to him, arms swinging stiffly at my sides and heart speeding up to a mile a minute. He tastes like peppermint because of all the candy canes I've been feeding him, and he smells like the pine tree in the lounge. Only he doesn't seem to be clapping at just me. I know this isn't perfect – I know, I KNOW. But I hope it's enough! LOVE YOU ALL! Mom sticks her head into my room, as always without knocking first. I do. I could say, Actually, you did, but I don't. She smiles at me, like that makes it any better. At a quarter to seven I peek into the living room. He looks good. Slowly I limp through the room, throw myself down in the couch. Charlie pats Jamie on his head and rises, then sits down next to me. I say, even if it's not. Charlie watches me with concern. I avoid looking at any of them. Sometimes I wish I could be like Charlie around my brother. he says to Jamie, who only dips his head, picking up a yellow cube. I frown. When he's gone, I sit down on the floor in front of Jamie, forcing myself to study his face. I say to Jamie, taking a gulp of my Coke. He turns to face me, puts both his hands against my chest. I complain, picking up the cigarette butt before it makes burn marks in the floor. I put the sandwich back in his hand, but he drops it on the table, whining. He doesn't talk much, and when he does, Mom beams. I put my elbows on the table, hide my face in my palms. I groan, disentangling his fingers out of my hair without losing too many straws. I throw at him, angry now. He nods and something hot spreads in my stomach, up through my body, reaching my head. I know there's no point in keeping my hopes up. I help him on the toilet, help him brush his teeth, help him undress and dress him in his pyjama pants and a t-shirt to sleep in. I tell him, using more force. I say by the door, flicking the switch to the lamp in the ceiling. I limp back to the bathroom to take a shower. I've finally found her, standing with two of her female friends in the backyard, talking about her rose bushes. I go back to Jamie who's waiting on the driveway with our bikes. I push my black bangs out of my eyes. We ride down the road, going past well-kept gardens and big, tidy houses. Neither of us is wearing a helmet, and that thought hits me hard the second it's too late. It hits us, makes us both fly. Damian's OracleBy Lizzy Ford* * * * *Copyright 2010 by Lizzy FordSmashwords EditionCover design copyright 2010 by Matt Edmondson* * * * *Smashwords edition license notes:Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Sofia dropped her purse on the desk in her cube without removing her sunglasses. She gritted her teeth. She rolled her eyes. Damian Bylun. He flashed a smile and strode from her cube. Sofia bit her tongue. Lacy's mouth dropped open. Sofia hung up, frustrated. She was going to die. As she stared, the silver seemed to flare into a deep glow and swirl around her irises like cars around a racetrack. The strange symptoms went on for three pages. Sofia shrugged the sense of foreboding away and stuffed her hands into her pockets. She hung up and stared at the number on the paper, wondering if Jake had lied to her or if he flat out screwed up the number. Hopeful, Sofia crumpled up the paper with Dr. Bylun's information. The sound of screeching tires and a scream soon drew the patrons from the coffee shop to the window. She froze at the sight straight out of her vision. Coldness seeped through her as she watched the familiar scene before her. Realizing she clenched the phone in her hand, she flipped it closed and sat staring at the asphalt. She fled, staggering as she bumped into more people and more visions flashed. She closed and locked the door behind her. Her headache was now a migraine, and she shielded her eyes against the light from the street that filtered past her honeycomb blinds. Her blood spattered on the wall, and buzzing filled her ears. Damian Bylun stared at the phone. He changed into all black and strapped a sword to his back before closing his eyes and envisioning the interior of NOVA Sector. He saw the man who called him pacing as Laney had indicated. Damian held up his hand. Only an oracle's blood was drained to force her to bind with her master. A few Naturals were found every year, and he didn't bother to remember their names in an organization his size, leaving that level of detail to the regional and sector commanders. Damian grunted, expecting Dusty's message. He left his room for his office. The middle-aged man with bright green eyes standing in his study looked harmless. Damian hadn't expected his day to be so eventful. His jaw clenched. The visions started. She pulled her knees to her chest and wrapped her arms around them, hiding her face from the light. There was a warning note in his voice that made her more uncomfortable. Her body was beginning to ache more, from her battered hands to her bruised cheek from where she'd fallen after fainting the night before. She'd never been moody or wimpy or weak! She drank the cool fruit punch down, grateful as it chilled her parched throat. he said, reviewing the past hundred years of battles depicted on a map. An oracle? Damian grimaced, recalling the last time he'd seen the beautiful woman, his slain brother's wife. Damian snorted, gaze lingering on the map. A crash came from the hallway. A second scream. And him. Furious, she pushed off the bed coverings and stood, teetering dangerously before deciding to sit again. She hated the headaches and feeling like shit! Her vision was too blurry for her to see much beyond hazy shapes and colors. She landed hard on a cold floor. Her blood was a slash of stark red against a white marble floor. Phone, police, help. Voices prevented her from losing herself to her pain. Fear flew through her. Sofia screamed. The room was dark aside from curtains opened to allow the moon to shine through. She hugged her knees to her chest and peered through her fingers. Sofia's gaze cleared, and she focused on her surroundings. The others fanned out, and she suddenly felt like a lamb surrounded by a wolf pack trying to decide what to do with her. If the men around her were predators, the man who entered next was their alpha. She tightened into her ball. A sense of power swirled around him that scared her. She looked up at him, surprised. He touched her arm to pull her free, and she jerked as dark visions crossed her thoughts. He lifted her and carried her down the hall, and up the stairs. She didn't miss the surprised look on Han's face. Sofia was afraid to ask where she was, who the man was before her. Here she sat, covered in blood, drugged, one day from being all out crazy, kidnapped, and the sight of the man before her turned her on. He was the sexiest man she'd ever seen, and the swirling aura of command only amplified his physical appeal. She met his gaze with a nod, and they looked at each other until her face flushed. In fact, she felt no pain at all, anywhere. Suddenly, she wasn't so sure she wanted his help. He wasn't sure how someone going from the second to first floor had managed to get bloody enough to look like she crawled through a warzone. He reflected on the images in her mind when Jake touched her. He tried to move away, unaccustomed to anyone touching him. Damian breathed in her scent, brutally aware that all that lay between her tight little body and him was a long t-shirt. She sighed. Damian heard the laughter in his voice. To his surprise, she'd passed out. Han nodded. No, you owe me about thirty. Damian chuckled. Two rolled from his place on the concrete floor in the corner and unwrapped the ratty blanket he used to keep himself warm. Pants, socks, shoes. He left the basement and entered the heated first floor. He obeyed. He recognized it. His master emerged from the bed, naked. They looked at each other. His woman laughed huskily and approached Two naked. The monster in the corner of her mind was a man, shrouded in darkness. She focused on flipping through a magazine. Han chuckled from his position near the window. He snorted. He was right, but she didn't want him to know she knew it. Jake ignored him, and she shook her head. Damn. She wondered what he meant. Frustrated, Sofia stormed out of the library. The light beyond the solid French doors made her flinch, but she forced herself through. She began to sweat before reaching the door leading from the patio to the green blur that was the gardens over which the patio overlooked. She emerged into the bright light of a warm December afternoon and began to melt. Rainy, a brooding Guardian with striking green eyes and a shock of dark hair, was his youngest station chief at a youthful two thousand years old. Damian sobered, troubled by the news. Damian crossed his arms. Most Guardians did, including Dusty, who personally oversaw every one in his hemisphere. He thought hard. He started to transport himself to the oracle's room but thought better of it. Damian clapped him on the arm and opened the door. Her eyes were swollen and red, the silver glowing in the dim light of the room. She closed her eyes and uncurled. She withdrew her face from his chest and looked up at him, her silver-blue eyes filled with emotion. The woman in his arms ducked her head again and closed her eyes, missing the flash of darkness that crossed his mind and face. Her body obeyed. Three pairs of two fought while the others cheered or jeered them on. In fact, she did see him in those positions, and in many more. As silence fell from the courtyard, she opened her eyes. By the look on Damian's face, he wasn't happy. His hand dropped, and she faced him. Heat rose to her face as she stared openly. She trailed him up the stairs, taking in every inch of his perfectly round butt to his slender hips and thick back. He led her to his private suite, which took up half of one wing. When he rejoined her, he'd put on a t-shirt and sandals. She frowned, unconvinced. They gazed at each other again, and she tried her damndest not to look away. It made no sense, but neither did the sudden craving for peanut butter that dragged her to the kitchen, where yet another man she wanted to avoid was lounging. He frowned but followed her into the cool evening towards the garage. He dialed and spoke in a different language to the man on the other end. She turned, startled to find the man in front her of the same make and mold as Damian's men. She stared at him and edged around the kitchen island. She pushed herself off the floor and rose. As if hearing her thoughts, Czerno gripped her arm again. Damian turned the cell back on and emerged from the Marriott's conference room, the random place chosen by his spy chief for this week's intelligence briefing. Dusty's suggestion of bringing in every regional commander and station chief for interrogation was sounding better. Damian accepted his hand in greeting, looking around. They were fucked. He ignored Dusty's intent look, aware his BFF knew when he was avoiding answering his question. They drove west, away from DC. The daylight almost dropped her to her knees. She followed, heart racing. There were two other men in the study Czerno led her to. The man in the black hood left while the man with midnight hair and eyes approached. Jilian grabbed her again, and she grated her teeth against the visions, staggering as she tried to keep upright. The torture room from her visions. Oh, god, oh god, oh, god! Horribly. He held up the long syringe. Sofia began to scream as her nerve endings sizzled from the inside out. The alarm sounded the second he materialized into the compound. Jake led him into the Gregorian mansion, whose stone walls resembled an old school fortress. He tracked Czerno then placed his hands on the back wall. He saw Jilian's blow cleave the transporter apart the moment he materialized down the hall. The screams stopped, and Damian's heart quickened. The wall before him burst into dust, and he crawled through the opening, firing a full clip at the form at the other end. Damian rose, sickened by the sight before him. Damian followed his gaze. Dusty obeyed and punctured deep into his jugular. Dusty watched in silence. Damian carefully gathered the woman into his arms and closed his eyes. He ordered his body to cease the transfusion and pulled the tube from his neck, healing the tear. He cut her shirt open while it charged and placed the paddles against her chest. She stared at the sunbeams moving across the ceiling, not remembering where she was or how she arrived. Yet the sensation of fire creeping through her remained. Because of me. He complied. She jerked out of the memory with a cry. It was dark outside. In fact, she didn't crave anything anymore. Though nauseated by the thought, she heated up a can of soup and forced herself to eat it. She closed her eyes. He touched her face, and her mouth went dry. She hung in indecision for a long moment until she recalled that being in his arms was the only place she ever found peace. Horror and hunger surged through her. She ran from the mansion into the gardens and towards the forest. It should have been her instead of Jake! She spent the better half of the next day too depressed to leave her bed before forcing herself up and parking on the patio in the sun, determined not to waste another day in the dark. And he walked away. On her terms. How silly was an oracle who refused her own destiny? She took it, her insides quaking in anticipation and hunger. The scent, the taste was unlike anything she ever experienced. She closed her eyes and drank. Something in his voice compelled her to hurry. She tried to sift through her emotions, before she returned to his door. He was guarded again. She backed away from his door, wondering how that deviant thought emerged. She glared at him, sensing his amusement. His voice was as clear in her mind as if he spoke the words. she whispered after him. Sofia shook her head. She gritted her teeth and forced her attention to the stack of books, jotting down notes on her notepad. The mansion was quiet, and she roamed until she found where everyone was. She was even different from them. She watched the men eating happily around the table and left the mansion for the gardens. She took it back. Damian held out his hand to her. She was trying. His gaze followed her until she disappeared into the house, and he shook his head. In a different time, he'd simply command her to take her place at his side and in his bed as his mate and slake his heated blood whenever he felt the need. He strode away. She was getting a better grip on her newfound talent. He appeared relieved, and she felt guilty. She placed a checkmark next to the first of her ideas for learning to use her power. Her stomach growled. The edge of arrogance surprised her. He lifted her chin with one finger. He placed his bloodied wrist to her mouth. She stood in a dark, cold place, gazing at the hunched form in the corner. Darian stirred, pushing himself farther into the corner. He began to cry, the soul-deep weeping of a man who'd lost all and spent his tormented life in a level of hell she'd never be able to imagine. Darian wouldn't leave her alone. Damian hadn't returned the night before. He muttered a curse and flung his door open. The sight of him in bed made her blood surge. The curtains closed at his silent command, and she lay still, waiting for him to make some move on her. Usually when he awoke with a hard on and a woman in his bed, what happened next was pretty straight forward. She roused herself and lay on her side, facing him. He pulled her into his body, even as she refused to look at him. He met her gaze and saw her confusion. She didn't finish. Then again, he was a man, and he didn't pretend to understand a woman's mind. His thoughts turned dark. She closed the door behind her, dressed in clothing that accentuated her large breasts and tight body. She kissed him, and he responded, his mind on her and Sofia. Her arms slid around him, and he pulled her against him, kissing her hungrily. Surprised, she tried to move towards him. The voice awoke her from her deep slumber. Claire. She had a damn good point, Sofia admitted, and hated her for it. Sofia peeked out. What in God's name was wrong with her? Her face flamed red. A few hours later, she sagged against the toilet, ignoring Pierre as he tsked her and held her hair. Sofia groaned and held her stomach. Sofia bit back a retort and forced herself to her feet. She sashayed away. Sofia forced her attention to her list. He followed the group to the courtyard to spar. He closed the door and moved the laptop Pierre had brought her to supplement her oracle research. The scent of his blood overwhelmed any objection she could make, and she snatched his arm. He left, as pissed as she was. Unable to be alone with the man in her head, she went to her library. He led her from the library, across the courtyard, and into the far wing of the mansion she'd not yet explored. Three men stood in the main foyer, two in the same shade of brown as her bodyguard and a striking man in designer jeans and an expensive sweater. She braced herself and placed her palm against his. Sofia sat in one of the plush chairs, legs pulled to her chest, and watched their brotherly exchange. He pulled photos from the envelope as he spoke. She shuddered as the distant sensation of burning returned. She shook her head. Traci's eyes were on Damian. He'd been considering how to help Sofia adjust. Damian's attention lingered on the image on Rainy's screen. He threw the canteen, and it hit Two's cheek. He didn't remember when this man had arrived or why he was supposed to remember him. His master's friend was powerful. Kiri. Two obeyed. He'd had a dream last night, something he never remembered in the morning, except for this time. The woman came from his dream! Two obeyed and left the room filled with lights and computers. He went to the kitchen. Sofia jerked from her place beside her window, not sure which voice came from her head and which from the handsome man before her. He wiped the corner of her mouth, and she resisted the urge to nip his finger. She watched him retreat, desire burning within her. She picked up the box to toss it on the chair when something slid out. Her irises were half silver. She trailed him down the stairs, eyes on the guests milling in the courtyard beyond the opened double doors. Sofia almost laughed at herself. He's sensitive about that shit, like a woman, Damian whispered into her mind. She stood beside Dustin on one side of the entrance while Damian and Claire assumed the other. The first man was in his prime, and his eyes crinkled in a genuine smile when he clasped hands with Dustin. There were ten men and two women she greeted before she felt the first flash of cold. The second traitor came soon after, a man whose past stunned her. She swallowed hard and held out her hand to another woman in red. Pierre unloading his shotgun on the man in executioner's garb from Czerno's. She steeled herself and nodded. Dustin escorted her into the boisterous banquet room, and her spirits fell farther. Caterers served up food she'd kill to eat. She stared at the embroidered tablecloth, tormented by the scent of food she couldn't eat and the visions of death and betrayal that left an acrid taste in her mouth. She fled the banquet hall for the library. He tensed. Damian's gaze swept over her. They sat around the low table still scattered with pictures. She didn't think anyone heard her choked words. She couldn't bring herself to say what they'd done. Hurt, she fled into the cold night air, stopping only when she reached the center of the gardens. Dusty's words floored him, and Damian couldn't help but feel hurt that his BFF hadn't told him of his suspicions sooner. Maybe Darian hadn't been talking about infidelity but about something else. He roared and slammed his hands on the desk at the far end of the library, unable to stop the images racing through his mind. He knew Dusty was right, knew Sofia was right, knew he'd known since just after Darian's death that there was something not right about Claire but was too desperate to hold onto the last piece of his brother to face the truth. Dusty nodded and strode out. Damian knew him well enough to know all the tales weren't true. As for Claire … pain spiraled through him. Pierre was in front of Sofia's door. Damian snorted. He entered her room, emitting enough of his power to hide him from her senses. He sat down heavily in the corner, watching her. He wanted her to see what he saw, the good his Guardians did for humanity, the courageous, selfless hearts of his men, the difference they made in fighting evil. Yet she tried to learn her new role with a selflessness that struck him now as incredible. He rubbed his face, mind going to Dusty. He leaned forward. His phone vibrated in his pocket. She stirred from her trance, mind replaying scenes of Darian's death. The thought of Czerno loose somewhere in the house made her sit up quickly. A town car with darkened windows awaited them. She hesitated then exited the car and shivered in the late night breeze. And slammed the door. Sofia swallowed a retort. She trailed them through the house that resembled a frat house. He moved away from her to meet the others. The three looked at him, the bloody man - Rainy - with pure hostility. The four looked at her. Rainy hesitated, then threw open the door he guarded, glaring at her. She entered, and he closed the door behind her. She held up an IV bag. She sat down on the bed, careful to keep the blood from her gown, and touched the woman's face, bracing herself. What was Damian doing? She hung back as they entered the hospital and watched the emergency room personnel take Traci. They waited. he demanded, approaching her so quickly she backpedaled. To her surprise, Rainy obeyed, though he sat across the room and stared at her. Pierre drew nearer, and Linda waved her forward again. Sofia listened as she approached Traci's bed and gazed down at the unconscious woman. Sofia watched her take a bite of a muffin, at once longing and agitated. Sofia gazed out the window, mulling over the night. She jumped, watching as he folded himself into the small chair across from her. His aloof response made her look up. She left the library to return Damian's phone. He drove her crazy, and she was hungry again. She ached to touch him but refused, hugging herself more tightly instead. There was a serious note in his voice that made her stop. What was it with these men and their moods? Her eyes narrowed. Damian stood and moved away, emotions roiling. Fury lit his insides as he regarded her easy dismissal for one of the most painful events of his life. she shouted as the invisible hands stripped her of her immortal gift. Damian took aim with the pistol and fired into her heart before she could make another sound. A part of him did. Miles away, she couldn't shake the feeling that something was very wrong with Damian. She unraveled herself from her favorite chair near the window. Relief flooded Linda's features as she saw Sofia. Pierre walked by and snatched Sofia's hotdog. Sofia glared at him, her embarrassment deepening at the look the men around the fire gave her. Did they think she was a freak? Han's words returned, and she forced herself to relax. Traci choked on a half-laugh, half-sob and accepted the packet of tissues. She turned at Rainy's voice. Images flowed behind her eyelids, most too fleeting to catch. Their gazes lingered before they returned to their conversations. The sense of power increased tenfold as she entered the mansion. She swallowed hard. His command reached her as she opened his suite door. Fear unfurled in her breast, and she clenched her fists. His fury, pain, and sorrow choked her. He whirled and stalked towards her, his face a mask of fury. Her breaths came in short gasps, but she refused to back down. The burst of furious power shot through her, the shockwave rattling the windows of the house. She opened her eyes when nothing happened, shaking from both cold and fear. She felt the tension within him melt, and the restless shadows wrap around her, cocooning them before retreating. He drew away from her, and she met his black gaze. He offered his wrist, and she knew he was offering much more. It was one thing to offer her body, but her heart, her soul … he would take all of her, consume her completely, irrevocably. Damian listened to the door closed behind her, stunned by what he'd seen in her thoughts. He'd never thought much of that talent, the ability to see into someone. Dusty rolled his eyes. He slapped him on the arm and disappeared. Two awoke from a dream. It was the first time he'd understand the words she spoke to him. He rubbed his face, his fingers slowing as he felt his scars. He was breathing. He couldn't sleep when she cried. He had no choice. He frowned, troubled. His eyes traveled from the desert to the sky. Two looked around him. Two went back to the door and looked at his hand. The master's friend had heard her crying. Pierre received a wide berth from the Starbucks customers, his massive frame standing out even more among normal sized humans. Traci joined them, coffee in hand, and they merged into the crowded mall. Texting, Traci led them into the jewelry store. He opened the box to reveal a man's platinum signet ring with the half-moon, half-sun and arrow symbol neatly carved on its head. The three moved with her, Pierre speaking tersely in French on the phone. He towered head and shoulders over the mostly female crowd and leaned with deceptive casualness that radiated danger against one of the pillars in the food court. He looked at the charm dangling from her necklace and held out his hand to her, palm up. Jule's smiles were less reserved than those of the other men despite his unfriendly appearance. The men around her were smoking crack. The sense of normalcy faded as they moved through the mall. A car awaited them when they exited. She shook her head. Damian and Dustin awaited them. She closed her eyes, the home videos playing in her thoughts. He wasn't sure if he should be angry at her defiant insubordination or amused by it. He strode down the hallway to his office, trailed by his two friends. Damian said in a cold voice. Damian smiled and tossed his head towards his computer, straightening. Jule flipped open his phone, and Dusty sat in front of his computer. He gazed at the ring, touched. Her two-toned eyes were still, her head resting on the back of the chair as she looked up at him. Her eyes swirled with arousal, and her parted, plump lips threatened his resolve. He whirled, aware he'd been too lost in thought to heed his instincts. She snatched her satchel and dug out Linda and Traci's numbers. She went to the key locker and chose one of Damian's sports cars, her instincts urging her to go somewhere, though she didn't know where. Sofia said, pretending to be interested in the football game on TV. She felt Ving's gaze on her as she walked. Her phone rang. They were quiet. The adobe structure was guarded by several more Guardians, and she stopped the car before reaching them. Sofia stopped at the edge of the driveway, horrified by the bloodied and broken bodies spread across the expansive area in front of her. She knelt beside the vamp. Czerno himself had been there for the well-timed ambush that overwhelmed the two Guardians assigned to the safehouse. Dustin released her, glowering. Jule freed a gun from the small of his back and pointed it at the vamp beside her. He dropped his arm, and she picked her way through the bodies, covering her mouth to keep from vomiting. Sofia watched them walk away, alone and cold. He hung up, and she stared at the cell then looked to her car. Czerno would never let her go. She bolted to her car, far enough ahead of any of the men that they couldn't stop her. The staging area was where the vamp remembered it being, tucked at the base of a mountain in a draw. The underground world was well built and bright with white washed walls lining corridors wide enough for two people to walk side-by-side. Damian was nowhere to be seen. She screamed and launched off of it. The shadow emerged from the corner again. Though his blood didn't ensnare her as Damian's did, it tasted familiar. He moved away when she ceased drinking, back to the corner. Terror washed over her at his calm, controlled words. Two freed her a few hours later and let her walk around the room. She faced Two, the only thing between her and escape. She'd heard no such thing, but then again, she didn't know anything about oracles aside from what little she'd gleaned from books and testing herself. He pushed his sleeve up farther, revealing the bottom of a thick bicep with a partially visible tattoo. Images flooded her mind, Damian's, Claire's, Isac's. She staggered back, the visions cementing in her mind, overwhelming her. He didn't move, didn't respond. She started over, talking until he freed her once more. He was struggling. He didn't respond. His face was as deeply scarred as his hands. She raised to her tiptoes and kissed him, her own memories of Damian forefront in her mind. His eyes opened, and he met her gaze. Sobbing, she dropped to her knees. Sofia tried to push him away as he lifted her onto the table. He'd never heard kiri cry so hard. He didn't know what to do. The images in his head made him stagger and fall against the rough wall. He looked around him and at the necklace in his hand. Two went to Damian's cell and opened the door. Two stopped and looked at Damian, another flash of dreams driving him to his knees. Two released him and lifted him over his shoulders. Two's chest clenched, and he was afraid. Sofia darted off the table, staring at him as he entered, trailed by Two and the man with green eyes. A backhand sent her world reeling. Czerno snarled. His vamps scampered out of the command center to obey. Damian was free! She closed her eyes, in too much pain to concentrate. She jogged after him as he strode through the maze. Sofia almost cried in relief. Two took her arm, driving her onward. He snatched her as she passed, but not before she heard a shot and felt fire burn through her. A dark shape moved from the rocks while three more fanned out from the sides. In the distance, a small army of vamps was running towards them. Pierre dropped beside her, muttering in French. Dustin's face was a mottled mess of emotions. Sofia pushed his hands away. They ran to the next nearest group of rocks, where a handful of four-by-fours waited. Sofia shielded her eyes against the wind and sand. She felt his fear and squeezed her eyes closed, the man in her arms colliding with the man hiding in the corner of her mind. The chopper landed. Jule's arm shot out to block the interloper's progress towards them then froze. Horror descended upon her as she realized the depth of Claire's betrayal. Damian's voice was soft, but his command made everyone in the hangar jump. His brother was somewhere inside the scarred shell of a man before him. Damian couldn't help his smile at the words. Damian's spinning emotions warmed at the idea that Sofia saved him. Darian was alive. Sofia watched the last of the blood swirl down the drain. Pierre mumbled a few curses. She sprung up and snatched her purse. Grande and Lon awaited them in the living room, and they rose as they approached. She went to him, eyes wide at the activity. She was about to lie down when she sensed him walk by. She opened the door, heart pounding. He didn't have to finish the threat. He said nothing, didn't move. She'd said her piece. Just when he'd thought Sofia couldn't surprise him more, she did. He'd not yet reconciled how he felt about seeing his brother alive and in so much pain. And kiri. Their long standing feud over leadership styles was interrupted as Darian appeared in the midst of them. Darian said. And he was gone. She hesitated before pulling her robe on and obeying. Damian's suite was lit only by a blazing fire in the hearth, and the scent of Jule's cigars hung in the air. Damian waved her in without looking at him, his eyes reflecting the fire. Her gaze fell to Darian. The men fell into a comfortable silence, and she sensed the silent communications she couldn't hear. The next morning, the sigh of snow falling outside her window drew her gaze as she packed for the evacuation. Alarmed, she swung on her robe and snatched one of Damian's trench coats. His eyes were closed, his body hunched and hands clenched together. He closed his eyes, his jaw clenched hard enough for the muscles to tick. She didn't miss the look of relief that crossed Pierre's face and suspected he'd been threatened with a reassignment for shooting her. He was waiting for her. He gave a fatherly smile and approached her, holding his hand out, palm up. She snapped her hand back and stared at him, overwhelmed. Dustin's warning growl was cold. He looked to Dustin. The Watcher approached Darian, who knelt in response to a silent command. She didn't like the ominous words and looked up at Dustin again, seeking to gauge just how serious the situation was. In a gentle flash of light, he was gone. He looked down at her. She nodded, sensing there was much he wasn't saying. It was just an envelope. The relaxing warmth of the water that streamed from the showerhead assured her that she wasn't dreaming. And that was the truth. They had stayed up the whole rest of the night discussing it, and had come to the mutual decision to stop seeing each other. Tears stung the back of her eyes, and she squeezed them back. Spencer asked behind her. Spencer hugged her from behind, kissing her neck. It was enough for Spencer, for that moment, anyway. Spencer left early the next morning. The first thing she did when she received the text message that Spencer was in class and would call her later was to power up her laptop. Miles Hamilton was the lead singer and also played piano and keyboards for the band. Andrew Brooks was the guitarist for the band. And finally, Jaxon. After cruising the message boards a little and getting annoyed with the many girls who claimed their love for the men she knew so dearly, she shut her laptop and pulled the ticket out of her nightstand, finally looking at the date. Spencer's graduation ceremony was the same night as the Get Up &amp; Go concert. Jaxon Ellsbury was just falling victim to a decent sleep when the stopping of the tour bus shook him awake. He slid out of the bed and smoothed out his clothes. Jaxon interrupted. The show went off without a hitch. The days flew by for Cavanaugh. Her father's best friend Ken Hollingsworth worked for the record company and loved Cavanaugh like she was his own daughter. Ken could tell she was distracted the week after the ticket came in the mail. A/N: Well, I know it's been awhile since I worked on anything -- anything here, anyway. Hope everyone who takes the time enjoys re-reading this . As you can see/tell, I have removed all chapters of Minor Talent from here. She would always remember that day. That day. She had replied and got up, walking past her father towards the stairs. her mother had screamed, getting to her feet. he had replied simply. Alex would never forget that day for as long as she lived. A/N: What did you think? loves you. idea and it will be splendid and wonderful. going to be pretty sad when I catch some mistake on this. Oh dear. "Well. "Oh. hear me? him sheepishly. Wait. herself beside me. somewhere. sent me a glare. scaring me like that"! people. any newbie's. this will only be a one-shot. PLEASE REVIEW! Dainton McDevitt took a second to give his mind a break before he had another look over the problems. Reilly Monahan entered the cafeteria in a bored mood. Sifting through his front pants pockets found him two nickels short of a milk. Dainton didn't even jump anymore. Dainton leant back and stared back at Reilly dispassionately. The gleam in Reilly's eyes turned decidedly sinister. Dainton stared back at Reilly as he trashed his homework. He opened his front door with his key and stepped into the mail. Vacant eyes slowly opened, turning zombie-like at the sound of Dainton's voice. Sometimes he wished she'd help him more. Her face crumpled, lines deep becoming deeper as she sought to think. Dainton took her hand and petted her hair soothingly. Clean first, clean the kitchen, make Mum tea if she's hungry, shit I need to do a wash, okay, do a wash while she's eating, make up THIS room, sort out the bills, oh FUCK its Tuesday. He could see the most clearly how crazy she was when she was in these moods, her most disjointed schizophrenic, with slurred confused speech. He tugged the covers over her more securely, smoothed her hair back and kissed her on the head before he went out and closed the door. Work was terrible. When he left for home he was told he'd better have his act together by Thursday. He got back at a quarter to ten thanks to the bus problems. The sight that greeted him nearly sent him to his knees. Obviously, this had been a paranoid attack; the pictures were torn down from the walls, the cheap and tacky ornaments that she'd bought when they caught her eye in one of her more manic moods were lying in shards all over the place, the phone was nowhere to be found. Dainton stood and stared and couldn't move for what felt like his lifespan so far. The next thing he was aware of was the feeling of a beans tin under his ankle. Dainton woke up feeling sick and still tired. 'Can I go home now? And he was home. Maddie walked into the classroom and went to her usual seat in the back. Maddie's attention was eventually diverted when she realized that the entire class had gone silent. the boy said with a laugh. Noah walked to the only empty seat in the classroom, the one right next to Maddie. Maddie ignored him. Maddie grabbed the pen from him and shoved it carelessly into her bag. Maddie made it through the rest of the day. Maddie opened the door to the room and walked inside. Maddie shook her head. Maddie jumped, knocking the tray off the easel and sending all her charcoal pencils flying. Noah looked confused. Noah grabbed the tray and dropped all that he had picked up into it. Mom? Maddie began packing up her things as an answer. Maddie headed to the front entrance to wait for her mom. It was too weird. Things were relatively quiet for Cook County when he arrived, no ambulances screaming, although the emergencies he handled had nothing to do with how many jerks got shot or OD'd that night. He dropped his stuff on his desk and went, as always, to check in on the room across the hall. Even when he worked the day shift, these patients rarely had visitors, and he supposed it wasn't surprising. Maybe that's why it had been such a freakout to peek in the other night and find a vertical person in the room. The blip in his work ritual made everything wrong that night, but he was a good boy and fixed the accounts payable glitch before he took a break and walked across the hall. He was trying to get through Master and Commander, but it wasn't happening. It had been three nights in a row now that Blondie the Doctor Man had fucked with his routines, being in The Terminals' room when he wanted to chill in there himself. So, last night he'd stomped into The Terminals' room later than he preferred, ready to confront the asshole if necessary, but felt instantly cheered to find him absent. Dylan spent the rest of the night and the next day replaying the exchange in his mind. At first glance he'd thought John to be about twenty-five, but the more he thought about it, the older he seemed. So, yeah, looking forward to work was definitely weird. I tilted my head to the side. Okay, maybe I didn't time travel per se, but if you woke up one day with people telling you that it's 2009 and you distinctly remember it being 2007, time travel seems like a pretty valid option. And I had to be all like,  Because who actually gets amnesia? The doctor looks to my brother, Cole, for some help. The doctor actually looks kind of relieved. Which is good. At least I managed to bypass the whole post traumatic stress disorder --which is probably the only good thing about losing some of my memories. Which besides totally freaking me out, was kinda awesome. I shrug. Cole smiles weakly in response. Cindy- Cole's wife- comes over and sits on the foot of my bed. My eyes widen. The worst part of it, is that there's hardwood floors. I say. I purse my lips. I call back, but I'm not. Cole actually smiles at that, even though he still looks kinda sad. Now that I'm alone, I feel kinda nervous. Unbelievably tired, I go back into my room and throw myself and the bed. Considering how tried I still am, I kinda surprised that I've woken up already. I get up quietly and search for a phone, but I can't find one. I crack open the door and my eyes squint automatically at the light. From my vantage point in my bedroom, I see the offending person. I open the bedroom door all the way. he asks. I say. I glance at the shattered lamp on the floor and feel the tiniest prick of guilt. I look back at the man. he says. I think that I'm in love. I say, because I'm obviously a superb conversationalist. I'm afraid that if I tell him, he'll decide to leave. he says and starts walking over to me. The man- whose name I still don't know- furrows his brows. I say. Suddenly, I can't breathe. Now, I am just flabbergasted. But the fact it, this guy is still a stranger. Clearly, he knows me as well as I know him. A/N: Any comments and/or criticism is appreciated. I mean, yeah, I knew some people didn't like it, but I did not know their hate for the color would stretch to such extremes. I sighed, and unzipped my pink sweatshirt. There were the cheerleaders, the jocks, the Goths, the nerds and 'the others'. 'The others' were the ones who wanted to go to school, have fun and get good grades as well, in my point of view. The cheerleaders were too hyper, the jocks were too stupid, and the nerds were nice but kind of needed to take a break from their books. 'Sure, mom,' I replied. 'It's right there, sir, in front of you,' I said kindly. Just then, a deep voice said, 'Excuse me, are you done? It was Darien! 'Darien? He frowned. I scowled at him. 'I know you! I glared at him. 'Gross! I scowled. I shook my head and opened my locker. 'No idea. 'Hey Katie,' he said, winking. 'Was…that…Darien? 'Some secret admirer,' replied Liz, concentrating on her book. PS – I actually didn't fail. Seriously, who was this? That one actually got me to smile. But this guy was different. I sighed, opened my locker, and eagerly looked in. Liz read the note; her head over my shoulder. 'Darien? 'Hello? 'Darien. 'What? 'Not right now,' I muttered. He sighed. 'Well, I thought Goths were kind of freaky in the beginning. 'Well, I don't date Goths usually. 'Really? I smiled up at him. Anyway, I have to thank one of my friends for helping me come up with the idea! The horrible poetry came from me. A/N: I'm now putting up the new version of this story, with a new title, and this new version is a tad bit better than the old one. Info: The majority of this series takes place in a fictional town called Shelters Cove. When they had been playing for quite a while, they got spectators and Alex was the one who saw the two girls first. Alex threw a glance back at him. But Aiden couldn't fully concentrate on the game after that encounter with his best friend. He and Alex were at almost the same height; Aiden was a few inches taller than the other boy. Aiden quickly snapped out of his thoughts, and he turned to face his friend. Aiden smiled pleased. What the hell is wrong with me? Ellen on the other hand, Aiden didn't know that well. Sara turned away from Aiden and Alex and smiled nervously up at Peter. Peter glanced at her, then turned his eyes back to Sarah, and they both blushed slightly. Behind them, Aiden walked with mixed feelings. He glanced wryly at Alex, viewing the handsome boy next to him. Then Alex suddenly lifted his head and met Aiden's eyes. Marcus's voice was low, too low. The gang had started with Marcus and Seb. He wanted more out of life than these people, this gang. Aiden also wanted to use more of his time on soccer and basketball. Aiden could see that Marcus was furious, even though he held a cold façade. Aiden clenched his teeth together when the first fist hit him in the stomach. At the same time, Marcus kicked his hip and punched him with his knuckles in his chest. He saw that Marcus lifted his foot, ready to kick him again. Aiden didn't care. His lower lip had cracked, and blood ran from it and down his chin. The boy smiled. Aiden looked forward again when the door opened and a boy came in. the teacher said and smiled at the boy. Aiden blushed slightly in embarrassment. All Rights Reserved. The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. My two roommates, Angie and Nikki, sat on either side of me, waiting patiently for other girls to settle down so the assembly could start. Nikki said from beside me—flipping her dark red hair over her shoulder. I said rolling my eyes as I remembered our old cross-country coach. I snorted in response. instructed Principal Mantle. I snorted quite unattractively when she said history. One girl gave me a particularly dirty look when I accidentally stepped on her toe. I shot them a small smile, As soon as the waitress set down the piping hot pizza we immediately grabbed it and bit into it. Angie agreed solemnly. Angie and I turned around to scope him out. I just listened and let my eyes wander around the restaurant. The floors of the restaurant were checkered black and white while the booths were a bright cherry red. It was perfect, and the food was probably the best part of it. Over time I had to deal with my share of Bennett Boys and I can confidently say without doubt that they're all selfish jerks. I stuck my tongue out at her. John Lennon's voice serenaded us as we made our way to the exit. Angie said immediately. I sighed, laying my arm around Nikki and Angie's shoulders. I snorted in amusement. I replied, motioning towards the freshmen that walked in front of us. Most of them looked at me like I was crazy, but one bark from Nikki and they all started climbing. Once all of ten of them were on the other side, Nikki, Angie, and the other juniors climbed the fence. You see, as a freshman coming into Grace Worthington School for Girls you had to be. I watched as most exchanged uncomfortable glances with their friends. And then I saw the girl I was waiting for. She slowly pulled her sweatshirt over her head and removed her shoes—all the while staring straight ahead at the empty quad. Uh oh. I whisper-yelled to my friends as I hurriedly grabbed my shoes and threw them over the gate, which I quickly climbed over. Yeah, right. Luckily both Angie and Nikki actually listened to me, and started to run. Finally we reached the fence and started climbing quickly. The walk was sort of long and somewhat lonely as I kept to the shadows of the forest. Silly right? The road itself was quiet and empty and the street lights helped guide me towards the Laundromat, which was cast in an orange glow. My eyes traveled higher to see a strong jaw line, and soft lips. he asked while I practically swooned. Oh god. I blurted out, vaguely wondering if I could outrun this guy if I had too. . No. That just wasn't possible; no Bennett boy could be so nice. No. I replied, turning around fully to Angie and Nikki and smiling, A/N: Wow I cannot believe that I've finally published this. Review Challenge: What's your favorite color? Summary: Masen Stratton, the only male child of a vampire has been born. Full Summary: Masen Stratton is a unique vampire for several reasons: he was born a twin to Sophie Stratton and Masen is the first boy born to a vampire couple. Will murmured to Em, nuzzling his face in her neck. she whined,  Emilie said, trying to suppress the moan caught in her throat. he whispered into her neck. Em said, pain evident in her voice. They had moved since Em and Will officiated their mating, into a larger house with more bedrooms and bathrooms. Vampire births were different from human births. Will said with a smirk, earning a slap upside the head from Tristan. Will felt the breath leave his body. It was then that Will truly understood Tristan and his motives. The pull he felt drew him to his room as he left Tristan there, standing in the hallway. Vampire births progressed much faster than human births. Marina pulled the top away from Em's skin as Will handed the little girl to his mate. Will said, trying to contain his tears. A loud cry echoed through the house and Will gasped. Will looked up to Em, expecting her face to mirror his shock, but it didn't. Marina, Chrisina, and Jules were all crying in the corner, such tears of joy. Em murmured, brushing her lips across Sophie's and the little boy's head. So, this is the preface and I hope you all enjoyed it! 102. 103. 104. Well time to have fun, right? As I step into the classroom, I can't help but notice that everyone is staring at me. he asked, shock clearly written all over his face. he announces, his hands lifted in the air. I don't normally talk back to teachers, but I hate false accusations, unfair treatment, and bullshit. I groan, clenching my jaw from how pissed off I am. Not only that, but they all stare at me in panic or wonder or something and turn to one another to whisper things. Okay, that last one was totally uncalled for, but everything else got me curious— and slightly scared. Laughter, wind, and the beat of a familiar song was what kept the road trip going so smoothly that afternoon. Lorie joked and snatched the wrinkly mess out of her friend's slender fingers. Vae reached behind Lorie and grabbed a jacket from behind her chair. An older man, very tall and rough looking, stood next to Vae's window. Lorie glanced down at the map and then quickly back up, not retaining any of its information. Vae finally smiled, too, and rested her head on Lorie's arm like a child. Vince motioned for them to roll to a stop next to the lodge, and so they did. She heard the door to their camper slam and rushed over to join her friend. There was a brief pause. He nodded and then shifted his attention to the shy and beautiful Nevaeh. Lorie replied. Lorie nodded. Lorie and Vae stepped in behind Vince. As the three of them passed the archway that led to the kitchen and dining room, the loud dinner conversations came to an abrupt halt. Lorie stifled a giggle and reached past him for a scoop of detergent. Vae swatted Lorie with a thick t-shirt and glared at her. Vae crawled over her and flopped down against the wall. Lorie thought about it for a moment and realized she was right. Outside the camper, a loud crackle of thunder shook the walls. Lorie reached over her head and snatched her iPod off of the shelf. Within the next twenty minutes or so, the rain failed to ease. Lorie wiped sweat from her forehead. The wind was cold and the rain was colder. The washing machine was still spinning when she opened the door so she sat herself on top of the dyer and rang her hair out onto the floor. Lorie yelped and twitched. Lorie laughed, but the joke faded quickly as she realized he wasn't joking. Lorie whispered to herself. Both girls were flailing arms and pointing fingers. Matthias warned, but Lorie refused. she snapped. The rain wasn't as harsh under the cover of the trees. She knew the lodge was in the valley so she started downhill walking alongside the stream. Lightning flashed, and the shock of light illuminated even the darkest corners of the forest. Another bolt of lightning rippled across the sky, followed by the loudest crash of thunder yet. Vae's unmistakable scream came from the same direction as the monster. Lorie's shaking hand steadied when she took a split second to breathe, but now the creature was charging her. It took her a second to process what Vae had said, but once it soaked in it was almost too late. Just as she was beginning to black out, she felt the warmth of human being press against her skin, and then she was moving. Warning: Rated for mentions of death, sex, language. Silence followed that question, and I could only assume Mary-Jane – because that was who Bertha had been talking to – was pointing or blushing or simply doing nothing, as she was wont to. Bertha pursed her lips. The aforementioned lifeguard – Dylan Ainsworth – had his elbows propped against the counter, and he was staring at me unsmilingly. he greeted me softly. I shrugged and turned away. True enough, Dylan simply glanced at her, smiling distantly. She really was persistent; I'd give her that. He smiled politely. That was the prestigious private academy for girls on the other side of town. I frowned. I glanced at the clock. He held eye contact but I saw no hint of the pain he had to have been feeling, to issue that almost-invitation. About to insist that I wasn't with him, per se, I changed my mind and clamped my jaw shut. An unfriendly silence settled over Bertha and me when she realised that I wasn't even going to pretend to make an excuse. he responded, relaxing a little when I didn't say anything else. Rick paid, taking care to ensure that our fingers didn't touch. Liar. I chirped brightly. Of course, he would pretend not to know me. In a demonstration of very bad decision-making behaviour, I'd let him stick his tongue down my throat at Mario Gonzalez's party at the beginning of summer. My bad mood was obvious for the rest of my shift, and Bertha probably thought that it was directed at her – self-absorbed, much? I passed by Dylan's house on my way home. I said, when I unlocked the door and stepped in. The master bedroom door was slightly ajar. my mother said, a little too late, a little too slowly. I lied. Dylan showed up a little after seven. I said. We both stood watching each other. I finally muttered, striding up to him and grabbing him by the collar. Talia was far from a bitch. She'd gone for it. After they'd started dating, I'd tried to distance myself from both of them. They had been dating for fourteen months by then, and still going strong. Later, much later, Dylan had stiltedly told me the whole story. After Talia's death, Dylan and I had stopped speaking to each other altogether. To be honest, I hadn't wanted to see him either. You'd be surprised at how easy it was to avoid someone who lived just two houses down and went to the same grade at school. A week had passed before we'd run into each other again. I'd said uncomfortably. At 3:27 A.M. on the third of November, I'd found myself walking two doors down with a wrapped box in my hand. Dylan had been the only one there, sitting on the arm of the couch in a way that couch arms weren't meant to be sat on, staring blankly at the empty glass bottles at his feet. He'd jerked like he'd just been rudely made aware of my presence in his house. He'd stared at wrapped box, as if not knowing what to do with it. I'd squeezed past the tears in my throat to wheeze. Dylan had frozen in shock; the next moment, he'd swung his hand back and the box had flown across the room and bounced off the door before clattering to a stop – ironically – beside the empty beer bottles at his feet. I'd said, starting to cry myself. He'd known anyway. His fingers had fallen away. Because I'd looked into his red-rimmed eyes, into the raw grief swirling with the blue of his irises, and I'd known. He hadn't taken the present, but he'd wrapped his hand around my wrist and yanked me to him. I didn't know how long we'd stood there, in each other's arms, me trying to cry silently but failing miserably, and him – I had a vague idea that he'd been crying as well, but he'd made not a single sound. It had been more than rude, but I hadn't quibbled. I'd asked then, pushing out that one word because I'd been unable to frame the question in exact wording. We hadn't broken eye contact, but now his gaze had been different. he'd murmured, leaning his forehead against mine and letting his eyes flutter shut. he'd whispered back. Drawn by the need to be, the need to feel – I'd taken a step forward, boldly pressing our bodies together. he'd breathed. I'd known that if I let him have time to think, to remember Talia, I would lose him. I'd heard about comfort sex, about the overwhelming desire to reaffirm life after losing a loved one to death, but had always scoffed at the notion. We had done it because we had both been falling apart at the seams. Neither of us had said a word, and I had no idea what he'd been feeling, because I hadn't been able to look him in the eye. When I'd left Dylan's house that day, in the wee hours of the morning, pulling the door shut behind me, I'd fully expected to never have seen him again. I'd opened the window and looked down to see Dylan standing on the lawn below. He'd shoved his hands into his pockets and regarded me guardedly. I'd snorted. In my room, I'd closed the door and taken my usual seat on the bed when I'd seen him grimace and look away. An almost-hysterical laugh had escaped my lips before I could've swallowed it back. His hands had found their way back into his pockets again, and his eyes had been shadowed. Watching him, I'd thought back to the empty bottles I'd seen gathered at his feet last night. That one word, on top of the guilt that I'd betrayed by sister's memory that I'd been battling all day, had been too much for me to handle all of a sudden, and I'd reacted by bursting into tears. I'd been crying so hard that I'd begun hiccupping. He'd rubbed at his face with his hands, exhaling loudly. Then he'd stilled and I'd known that he had seen it. Dylan's fingers had caressed her image with such loving tenderness that I'd had to look away. I'd said softly. Dylan hadn't looked away from the photograph, but his hand had dropped back to his side. And then I'd remembered. I'd discovered that I'd been wringing my hands together nervously. Perhaps he'd known. Our unspoken, mutual avoidance had lasted for almost a month after that. We'd barely made it out to his car. After that, we'd stopped trying to pretend that the need to feel, to forget, to simply act and not think, wasn't there. Now, almost nine months later, it had become a deeply ingrained habit. Still, every single time, I wondered. I opened my mouth – to say what I didn't know, and it didn't matter anyway, because he swooped down and kissed me again. When all the pieces of my clothing had joined his on the carpet, I pushed him back onto the bed and clambered on top of him. I hadn't been lying when I'd told Bertha and Mary-Jane that Dylan and I rarely spoke. When it was over, Dylan rolled off me and we lay silently, side by side, for a little while. He pulled his pants on and stood staring at me. I gritted my teeth in exasperation even as nostalgic sadness swamped me. I demanded. He didn't reply. He glared at me, and I knew he'd seen Rick come into the café. I didn't know what to say, because he was right. I saw his fists clench. Reaching out, I cupped his face and forcefully pulled him to face me. I saw his pupils dilate – whether from shock or something else, I didn't know. I could've resisted his obvious bid at changing the topic, but his reaction had already given me the answer that I'd dreaded. He let out a long breath, moving closer to the door. I'd managed to get dressed, but still I sat on the bed, the lump in my throat gnawing away at me. Dylan turned sharply. I jerked away and swiped at my eyes angrily. Dylan murmured, but I angled my body away and refused to look at him. And even before the thought formed fully in my mind, guilt swamped in. I sighed, closing my eyes to keep these bitter thoughts at bay. If I'd been the one who'd died instead… Talia and Dylan would have mourned, sure, but then they'd have gotten over it and lived happily ever after. That it had been me? Giving up the struggle, I snuggled into him, turning in his arms enough so that I could bury my face into the crook of his neck. Those were words I'd needed to hear, but now that he'd given them to me, I was far from satisfied. I interrupted. All of a sudden, I couldn't breathe. My grip on him tightened, and his arms came back up around me in response. And then he moved, so suddenly that I didn't expect it. I said softly. He inhaled sharply at my light touch. My fingers were already engaged in the act of divesting him of the clothes he'd just put on. I turned around a little bit slower, just in time to see Dylan and two of his friends saunter in. I barely refrained from rolling my eyes. He gave me a small nod of acknowledgement when our eyes met, but didn't come over. It was nothing new. Talia's death had taught me one thing. I looked up to see that Marjorie, one of the managers, had sidled up to me. I kept my face blank and picked up the tray she'd pushed towards me. Marjorie silently took the empty tray from me and vanished through the swinging door that led to the kitchen. Voyeurs, the whole lot of them. There was a pattern here, and I knew what set it off, every single time. From what I could see in the dim light, Aaron was good-looking. To say that I got a huge shock was an understatement. Aaron had to have known that I'd been willing to go all the way. I stepped away from him, feeling hurt even though it didn't make sense. I muttered, closing my eyes briefly. he defended, his tone taking on a tinge of belligerence. I snorted, then realised I was preaching to the converted. The party was still raging downstairs. Then he took one look at me and his mouth flattened. Aaron looked between Dylan and me, opened his mouth to say something, then seemed to think better of it. At the end of the corridor, where the music had dulled to a faint pounding, Dylan turned on me. I glared at him. I turned and began making my way back down the corridor. I shoved him away. He wasn't mine. I snapped. The glittering need and anger mingling in Dylan's eyes exploded and he surged forward and covered my lips with his. he murmured, fusing his mouth to mine with a strong sense of urgency, his question forgotten. I made a move to kick off my heels, but he curled a hand over my shin. he said, before he leaned in and kissed me aggressively. I was clutching onto him desperately. he whispered, but moved his hips to give me what I wanted. And thus we fell back into old habits. Truth be told, that didn't bother me. For lack of a place to go to, I found myself back at Talia's grave for the second time that day. I have no idea how long I spent in the cemetery, crying, kneeling over my sister's grave. But he wasn't looking at me. I saw his lips move silently and looked away, feeling as if I was I intruding on the private time of two lovers. I let him go without a word. This was the end – the end of whatever had been going on between the two of us. It was time to let go of what had never been mine in the first place. I was standing with my parents at the front and centre of the crowd, not two feet away from him. I wasn't listening, not really. A part of me – the part of me that was a twin – was happy that Talia had such a staunch supporter. After the speeches, the memories, we were all handed a balloon each. We all tilted our heads and watched as a sea of pink rose up to meet the night sky. The purpose of such an exercise was beyond me. When I stepped back into the clearing, two things became clear to me at once. Looking at him standing there, staring into the distance, the moonlight reflecting off his hair, sharpening the angles of his face, giving him an air of danger and mystery and putting a shine in his eyes – that was all too much for me. I started out in his direction, not taking any care whatsoever to silence my approach. I felt a flare of anger hit me at his standoffishness. I bit out, angry that he was behaving like an ice statue. I finally had his attention. He was wrong. He ignored my denial. I said sharply, even though for me it was. I burst out. I screamed at him then – it was either scream or cry, and I didn't want him to see how deeply his words had cut into me. he replied emotionlessly, like he had reached into himself and shut off any feelings he might've felt for me. he bared his teeth in a feral grin that was no grin at all. I gritted my teeth but tried not to react otherwise. It was my turn to fall silent. he continued, knowing that his prey was cornered and going in for the kill. There was a long silence. Then in the next moment, everything sped up and pain exploded in my chest. I knew he was lashing out in response to my goading. I whispered through stiff lips, my words thin and frail in the night air but so sincere that Dylan flinched a little. The park was deserted when I walked through it. I shook my head, heading for the parking lot. he said flatly. But Talia was dead. I ground out, even though I had been lying. He leaned over and I shrank back, instinctively, into my seat. I felt all the energy drain out of me. When he was done, I shifted the gears and started manoeuvring the car out of the parking lot. Dylan didn't say anything. I drove for three blocks. Dylan was still silent in the passenger's seat. My mind was spinning with images – images that burned my brain. I felt burning warmth on my hand and looked down to see Dylan's larger hand covering my small, pale one. I shook my head, and the world wobbled as if in slow motion. It was then that I realised my breaths had been coming out in short pants. I looked into his bright blue eyes and breathed. A while later, when my breathing had returned to normal and my hands had stopped shaking, I remembered. I started the engine again, listening to the soft purr of the car. After the switch had been made, I sat in the passenger's seat, clutching at my seatbelt as the scenery outside surged past. He snapped. He was there when I reached the front door. he said, like that explained everything. His words set off a spark deep within me. This was different from what we'd been doing earlier. I stared at him, hurting because he was so obviously hurting. I'd taken too long to reply, because then he was suddenly brushing past me. He slid his hands into his pockets, watching me with hooded eyes. Mechanically, I marched myself down the path and through the door, stopping only to fumble with my keys. Or away from me. Nobody knew the exact reason Dylan had taken himself out of the dating equation – some said that he was still mourning Talia, others said that he had buried his heart with her and yet others suggested that it was just his way of assuaging his own survivor's guilt. I deadpanned, even as my heart stuttered. I parroted, too astonished to keep quiet. I demanded disbelievingly. Bertha jabbed a finger over her shoulder. I shot Mary-Jane a disgruntled look and she shrank back. Then I absently wondered if she'd spread it around that Dylan and I had been together. Annoyed, I took my place behind the counter. A part of me was frozen in disbelief. Another part – the part of me that was still Talia's older sister – felt indignant on her behalf, even though I knew it made no sense. By the time lunchtime rolled around, I was a seething mess internally. Unfortunately, Dylan chose this day to visit the café with his brand new girlfriend. A tick manifested itself in his jaw. Asshole. In a way, I was sad to see her go. His gaze was challenging. I glanced over at Annie Fordham, little and pretty and all smiles, and had to acknowledge that that was his type. It occurred to me that things were about to get ugly. I felt a pang at his reaction, but ignored it. Not that it mattered what he thought of me, now. My mind was made up within that split second. I took great pleasure in saying the words. By the end of the week, I was all burnt out. Dylan had come with Annie to the party – probably milking the opportunity to show everyone that he had moved on from Talia. It didn't take much planning. I stood on my tiptoes and kissed him. I moved forward determinedly, but he took another step backward. He took me by the shoulders and gently pushed me away. I saw him glance towards the door, and I knew that I was losing him. I began lowly, desperation driving my words,  That question had him jerking his head up to stare at me. He knew. I had to swallow to get the words past the lump in my throat. Dylan's hands clenched into fists. What he wasn't saying came across loud and hear. My voice was steady, but I'd had to grab onto a table to stay upright. It had been when he'd pulled me off the table and shoved me into the kitchen. It all made sense now. I felt cold, the kind of cold that started on the inside and spread through your body until even your veins turned to ice. I whispered, because I didn't want to hear anymore. I yanked open the door. I lost track of time. I looked up for the first time. In the meantime, everything had changed. Unlike the typical college experience, mine had been a pretty uneventful year. On the other hand, so much had changed at home in the time I had been away. Not that it mattered – my father still worked eighteen-hour workdays to avoid returning home, even when I was there. Two days after I had arrived home, I came across Dylan quite by accident. Now, seeing him for the first time in a year, I realised that I didn't. I held my breath, watching the waves, waiting for him to surface. I swam desperately for a while before realising I was so disoriented that I had no idea where to begin to look for Dylan, and it had been so long since he'd gone under. Then suddenly there was a splash, and another, and another – until it evolved into a steady rhythm and I turned to see Dylan swimming with long, strong strokes towards me. And in that split second, I realised something – I didn't want to die. I kicked blindly, not knowing which way was up, and was starting to truly panic when I felt something warm grab me and pull. Just as these two choices flashed through my mind, choices that weren't choices at all, I felt my legs being seized and my body was spun around, and then that warm something came back and anchored itself across my chest. Dylan shouted in my ear, doing something that pushed his arm more tightly across my chest and locking me in against his hip. When we finally reached the shore, Dylan carted me a little way up before collapsing on the beach with me still in his arms. Slowly, I reached up and put my arms around him. A pang of guilt hit me. He was quiet for a moment. Glad that he didn't hate me, I gave into my inclination and nuzzled into his shoulder. I sighed. He chuckled. For a moment, staring into his eyes, knowing that both our guards were down for once, it was as if our friendship had never gone away. Then reality reasserted itself and I cast my eyes downward in an effort to break the eye contact. I retorted. He looked at me one last time, determined that I meant it, and sat up, pulling us both into a sitting position. Dylan sounded annoyed now. He came around to stand in my way. I folded my arms across my chest, looking at him – really looking at him now, for the first time since we'd run into each other again. I knew. he sounded tired, at his wits' end. Unable to help myself, I reached out and touched his face softly. My heart stilled. A week. I said, avoiding his gaze. I shook my head again. he said. I found myself trying to justify my actions a year ago. He nodded like he understood. But he couldn't even say that he wouldn't have rejected me, because we both knew that he would have. He said this in a soft voice, almost as if it was a secret he was too afraid to reveal. I stared down at the sand so that I wouldn't have to look at him. His kiss was different. To my horror, I found my eyes filling with tears. Without thinking, I reached out and latched onto his sleeve. He froze, but only for a moment. I couldn't say it. I wrapped my arms around myself, feeling a chill that had nothing to do with the weather. He was silent then. He let me. I reached for my phone on the bed stand, then stopped. Somewhere along that train of thought, I had padded out of my room. I hesitated, my hand on the doorknob. I was in Talia's old room. Her life, her entire life. I didn't know what he was getting at, but I nodded. I finished in a whisper, because it was what I'd always wished for someone else to understand. He sounded sincere. I said. I murmured. A stricken look flashed through his eyes, and I knew I had been right. I dropped my gaze. I closed my eyes and breathed out a sigh. I reached up and wound my arms around his neck, even though my heart was slowly breaking inside with the knowledge that, no matter what, Talia would always be a ghost between us. I whispered, leaning forward to kiss him and tasting the salty remnants of my own tears on his lips. I must confess that I am writing this story entirely for selfish reasons. It was only five years ago that I crossed Rose Street on a damp and dreary afternoon with my two friends. I perched myself on one of the grimy benches, trying to only expose the minimum of my perfectly pressed clothes to the grubby seat. Now I must admit, my reason for being a good student was, again, entirely self-centered. Soon though, my boredom took me to pacing about the platform in a sort of pattern—five steps to the left, seven steps to the right. There were five thin lines, stretching about a foot. I'd been taking piano for some time; it was, once again, a selfish act. As soon as I got home, I hurried to the piano room. I figured I ought to tell the composer how much I'd enjoyed his piece, and so, after school the next day, I went to that same spot and took out my sharpie marker. Dear Composer: Thank you for this piece. I decided against signing my whole name because of the small fact that I was writing this on the subway walls for all to see. I spent a lot of time in the subway after that. I laughed at the penname—it was the key he'd written the piece in. I soon became addicted to the music. I found myself drifting away from my friends in school, waiting for the end of the day so that I could get the next installment. she said in an authoritative tone. I replied. she stammered. I said, folding my hands on the table. I said. As soon as school was out, I hurried across Rose Street to the subway station. I would like to meet you. I felt my mind grow numb. I stepped off of the F train three stops later and made my way through the traffic. It was at least fifteen minutes before he came. Time seemed to stand still as he walked toward me, smiling only a little. I swallowed. he said. he looked around the emptying station. I replied curtly. Thank you for reading! with the gentle beat. hands like this had been. winced a little. . and a strange aftershave she couldn't place. sleep, purification . nineteen years old. had. looked at her questioningly. . knew she was home. and just stopping. JUNE 21 2007: OKAY, THIS STORY HAS BEEN COMPLETE FOR OVER A YEAR NOW. up to the nearest wall. late. I said as I got up and grabbed my bookbag and my car keys from near the door and headed out for another boring day of school. the t. questions. t. What she didn't know, he wasn't really what she thought he was. bodyguards! to tell you my story. out loud! happened. I glared at Sarah. See, I told him right out that I wanted to marry him! I raise my eyebrows. Before I can say anything he leaves to serve another customer. it. myself. coins. exhales. forgot my mittens! I didn't know how to write when I started this story. Adrian slouched in his chair at the back of the classroom, headphones hidden beneath his chin length, messy blue hair. Adrian was considered a goth by some, a punk by others; he got 'emo' a lot, too. He wore baggy black pants and a tight black t-shirt that clung to his slim form. Adrian was almost a species entirely his own. Adrian turned down the volume on his portable CD player until he almost couldn't hear it. Suddenly, the teacher's ramblings were interrupted by the door opening. The girl was beautiful, with golden brown skin and long chestnut hair. She examined the classroom while the principal spoke to the teacher, smiling at the students who watched her. Then Mrs Bell turned to the class. Marissa made her way reluctantly to the back of the room, sliding into the empty desk next to Adrian's. Marissa had been nervous about the move, expecting to find some hick hillbilly town full of horses and cowboys. After exploring the city for a week, her father had told Marissa that she would be attending public school. So here she was, a sheltered private school girl from San Francisco, sitting in a public school in Calgary next to the scariest person she had ever had the misfortune to meet. Adrian levelled a cool gaze at her, then relented. he told her, looking back at his notes as Mrs Bell began to lecture again. Adrian nodded. Marissa asked, and Adrian looked up from his drawing, obviously surprised she was still there. They both looked up to see thepair Marissa had noticed in the hall earlier. The class ended before she knew it, and Marissa stood up, unsure of what to do. Adrian glared at him, clearly not amused. Marc led the way to a spot under a large tree outside. replied Marissa, embarrassed. Kara let it drop. None of thegroup were in Marissa's afternoon classes. said Josh. They were addicts? Before you tell me the goddamn thing is cliche, please at least take the time to read a little further. answered back. a hushed tone. mom, really"? The king jerked away from Lady Mairi in surprise. It all made sense to the king now. In the age of Seasons, if a person with noble blood was without a partner, they were quickly married off to the benefit of their family. Pacing out in the hallway, the king waited for Lundie, who was calmly observing the king's nervous twitching as he leaned against a wall with his arms crossed, to speak. Lundie smiled, which didn't quite reach his eyes, "Of course my Lord. The king nodded. Silas was a joy for the castle. It would three years later that the king would find a new wife. It was frustrating to say the least. She was not forgotten in Silas' mind however. Silas turned to see who had spoken to him. The event had finally come. He was named Lorne. The girl remained asleep. Silas walked to the window, brushed his shaggy brown hair out of his eyes, and wiped the tears from his face. Lundie said,  He reached into a pocket, and pulled out a small box,  he said, handing the box over to Silas. Later that night, Silas thought back to his meeting with Lundie. However, he cast these thoughts from his mind, and instead grabbed the box that Lundie had given him. Nerini whined, slapping her hand down hard on the wooden surface of the humongous kitchen table. yelled out a young boy. Nerini screamed at him. Lundie said. The four set out, headed towards the forest. Silas and Nerini merely shrugged. Silas screamed. It felt like an eternity, but he soon felt the cloth of Lorne's jacket. Silas mumbled, pushing the wet hair away from Lorne's eyes. Silas looked down at Lorne, and saw the pure joy in his eyes. to work. CockyKye: Give me that 2X4 please? You see, back in high school, I was one of the lead quarterbacks for my school, but had to take a 'performing arts' credit to graduate. First rehearsal of the school year is here actually. I took my seat in the house of the theatre (front row, dead center), and focus my attention on Mrs. Terk, she was one of the lead theatre arts professors in the state, and before teaching had directed over thirty shows and been in even more. It's not like she was look at me, look at me. Her hair had been thrown up into a ponytail, but some hairs had escaped the hold, and framed her face. Putting the screw in the place I had previously, she placed a small hand on mine. I was just shown up by a little tiny girl, I was slightly stunned. Today we had just finished this intense aerobic one where some of the cast had to sit out. Yes, my voice was gruff, and my hands were resting on her hips. I tried to look bored, and she laughed at. She was like nothing I'd ever met before. Kye was about to begin painting her, well, fucking awesome set. She smiled over at everyone, explaining the painting concepts, which sounded difficult, then she put us into teams with one tech person being in charge of each different group. Grumbling, I picked up the paint roller, and began applying the white base coat. Her voice made me jump, I turned around quickly holding up my paint roller, and happened to splatter her with white paint. By the time it was the lunch break at one, I'll admit to being a little worn out; it was slightly more difficult then I had first thought it to be. With that, she grabbed my hand and dragged me out to lunch. From head to toe, she was clad in black, and moved delicately across the stage so no noise was heard, but at the same time moved like lightning. With a smirk, she turned and bounded back stage. A/N: So, I finally went back through this one. A/N- So, it's been a really long time since I started and updated my stories. Generally, I don't have a problem with most people. he snaps. For a few seconds I actually believe I've won the battle. He hurls the first textbook across the classroom. I say in disbelief. I glare at him for a moment, but turn my back to go retrieve my books. I say all in one rush. I'll explain to Cody later. Ha! The battle royale continues until I finally reach a breaking point. Oh. …Aha ha ha. I hesitate. Might be smarter to help though. It finally strikes me that the entire class had watched the whole thing unfold. A pair of stormy eyes slide my way. I blink. Feeling completely and utterly relieved, I turn to go back to my seat. Of course by lunch time everyone had heard that Kirby had broken Simon's hand. Cody, apparently, finds the entire thing absolutely hysterical. I mumble, stuffing my peanut butter and banana sandwich into my mouth. It was my turn to roll my eyes. Truthfully, Cody really isn't bad looking. For the rest of lunch I try to keep the subject away from Simon. The next day Simon shows up to school with a cast. I wait all throughout English for the ambush to come. We follow our usual routine, stopping at my locker first and then his. He nods, striding through the parking lot towards his car. I hear the tell-tale click, and you know― perhaps I should have seen this coming. Dad, stated sounding like it took zero brain power to produce the well-used line. Dad said, he would see it that way. My mother started, her slight accent hinting to be that she was still recovering from the way I had spoken to her moments earlier. Oh, did I remember him. Did I mention my father was always right? That was what brought me to the interview at H, H&amp;M goodness knows I would never have been able to do it otherwise. She seemed to appreciate being noticed,  The girl stated. It was awkward. he asked, I could see the emotion expressed in his eyes and face. I told him, it was what etiquette required me to say. I blushed; it was a token phrase of mine back then. I said against my own will my conscience kicked in and rattled out an admission of guilt followed by a request for forgiveness! Luck in my opinion didn't have much to do with it. He offered, extending his hand to shake. All I could so was nod my agreement, it strange backing out of the office like a weary dog, but honestly was this really happening? Author's Note: All Rights Reserved. This is my second version of this story, the edited version. Juliette and her family are different. I say slowly, as I go even closer to him. Chapter 1: KillingTristan and the other wolves were trying to scatter the tail-end of the flock of sheep – not so easy to do, especially with the big rams around. It was stalking time, now. It wasn't hard to find him – sheep have no idea how to behave in woods – and this one was trampling through leaves and bushes, making all kinds of noise. Thing was – Tristan could move fast – as he proved weekly on the soccer field. There he was – over by that tree, trying to make himself small and invisible by curling up on the ground and not moving. Tristan pretended to saunter by, as if he were interested in something else, as if he hadn't seen the boy – that way the kid would stay there, and not run away. Sheep-boy – he was probably what, 10? Oh, he would bite, sure. The wolf could smell the fear, taste the oils in the boy's fur, feel the beating of the lamb's young heart as the arteries pulsed against Tristan's canine teeth. Actually, it felt real good. No. Prey were weird like that – how they were so ready and willing to die. And what would please him, right now, was this boy's body. The boy struggled, but only for a little while, until he figured out what was going to happen. It had been. But it was Wrong! Well, no matter, no one would ever know. Now it was time, though. He'd said his name. Kill this. Kill this boy? He should get out of the lamb's body, is what he should do. Summary: Tegan never believed in the supernatural. Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. She asked, turning her head back to the window. She rolled her eyes. The long, ever winding driveway was filled with ruts and holes nearly big enough to swallow the taxi creeping along. Figured the place would be in need of repairs, she thought bitterly. The last of any money Tegan had had been used to come to Timber Island and even that had been a struggle. The house came into view then, causing Tegan to curse again. Tegan thought that was an excellent idea. No. She nodded, ignoring the feeling that he was right about her being stupid. Tegan trudged through the thigh high grass to the front of the house and eyed the sketchy looking stairs of the porch. Tegan murmured under her breath. Tegan took a few steps in. First thing in the morning, she would go into town, try to find a job, and call around for contractors to come out to look at the house. She retrieved all of her things from outside and put them in the middle of the living room. Only finding but a couple pieces of furniture and little else made Tegan feel lonelier than she ever had. It was quickly getting dark outside, and Tegan wanted to check out all the rooms in the house before she settled down. There was still the upstairs that needed to be inspected. The first door she opened turned out to be a broom closet. There were markings all over the walls and floor. Tegan wanted to flee from the sight, but something within her pushed her to move forward. Tegan let out an ear piercing scream. breathed a hushed male voice from behind her. Tegan demanded, even though she was in no position to. Her brows furrowed. Tegan didn't know what to do or say. Tegan lied in the calmest voice she could muster. Tegan asked, growing weary of this cat-and-mouse routine. Tegan took a deep breath and let it out, trying to settle down. This time his voice didn't come from behind, but inside. His arms untwined from her, slowly letting her slip from the forced embrace. Tegan took a deep breath and let it out calmly. You're a witch. A witch? He's never seen The Wizard of Oz? I don't feel any evil in your soul. You said that you were my familiar. Most all witches have them, some more than just one. Her fear of him had dissipated, leaving behind an overwhelming curiosity. he answered, cutting her off. Had he read it out of her mind? Tegan scoffed. She had never even been given his name. He looked down, not meeting her eyes. Tegan's head was spinning. she demanded, her old ticker starting to jump and jive again. said a deep male voice from the doorway. He has brown hair. His eyes. His lips are thin, the bottom one just a little more plump than the top. That's where I am now, on the bus, with him sitting at the front facing me, while I sat in the middle staring out of the window, sneaking subtle glances at him every now and then. Every day he'd get on the bus, sit in the same seat, pull out his sketch book and draw for the entire thirty minute journey. He has a lot of friends. He hangs around with a couple of loud jocks, but he's known for being the more reserved one. He'd caught me staring at him! He'd caught me staring, and now he was smirking at me. I decided to stop being such a wimp about it. Making eye contact, I narrowed my eyes at him and scowled. In fact, my plan had the opposite affect. He was picking up his back pack from the floor and standing up. My eyes widened as I started to panic. he said bluntly. and again with the bluntness. Ok, think! his smile wavered. I said a little hesitantly. I took the book from him, placed it on my lap, flipped the cover open and gasped. I flipped the page, and let out another soft gasp. It was almost complete, which was remarkable, since he'd only been drawing for fifteen minutes. I scowled at him, before the meaning of his words actually hit me. My art boy. (July 12, 2008: Blood On Our Sneakers has been nominated for a SKOW award for Most Humorous! I wasn't supposed to be here and they knew it, but that kind of thing never matters when you show up anyway. Jacklyn. Sometimes I wonder if their awful jobs are their way of paying penance for my terrible name. Oh yeah. I think it's ridiculous that he's giving me this special introduction. Fear not! I would love your help in this process! A/N: Uhhh. I sat about 100 meters away from the Zach Lively. Fanning myself with an old Seventeen magazine, I peered through my binoculars in the direction of the treasured lifeguard's chair, towering at least one story high. Licking and smacking my lips, I scanned Zach's entire body with my beloved binoculars. Unlike his charming twin, Danny had washed=out green eyes like the fresh color of honeydew melon. Even though they looked exactly alike, they were complete opposites. Hair…Danny had loads of it. I stood up suddenly and threw my sunglasses and hat down on my towel. I said monotonously. Before I joyfully entered the cooling Pacific, I glanced over the hottie lifeguard and gave him a sultry wink. After I first received news from trusted observers, I forced Danny to come to the local pool with me. When we arrived at the pool, I opted for the uncomfortable fold out chair while Danny immediately cannon balled into the chlorinated pool. By the time I was at the pool, Danny was already swimming. Danny fanned out his arms around him, occasionally disappearing under the water. And he pulled me under the water with him. It was some experience, and I did eventually learn how to swim. Lifting my head for air, I spotted Danny getting cozy with a pretty red head with glowing pale skin. You haven't made dinner yet! If you don't wake up, I'm going to send all those inappropriate texts about Zach. Who's going to entertain me now? Whose ass am I going to kick now when I play Wii tennis? It was Danny. Hello readers (if I still have any), I have decided to slowly re-post the chapters with only minimal changes (except this chapter and a few others). The music from the band pulsated throughout the bar. She sipped her Dry Martini slowly. Camille pushed away her drink, left some money on the table, and sauntered towards the stage. He smirked again. she replied arrogantly as she arched her left eyebrow questioningly. Camille however, knew she needed this. Camille suddenly felt a bit dizzy as the effects of her drink started to affect her. He pulled her towards his bedroom and pushed her back onto his bed. Hours later she looked down at the stranger who now knew her in ways she did not know and kissed his cheeks gently. Camille pointed out to her sister, Alice. As soon as she said this, Camille's mind flickered back to the guy she had met a month ago and she realized that she hadn't learned the name of the band. But she would be lying to herself if she didn't admit that she wouldn't mind having another go. Play it cool Camille. Camille looked up at her and smiled, she knew what Alice really wanted to know i. What was he doing here? She straightened up her menu and tried to hide behind it. She knew with a sudden resolute that she shouldn't have slept with him, but she had wanted him so badly and even now her body was responding to him. Oh. A/N: Okay, here we go again. RJ Stone cursed as he set the heavy box down and wiped at the perspiration on his brow. She rolled her eyes, set the pizza down and helped herself to a bottle of water. RJ agreed as he pointed at Sophie. RJ squeezed past what he was sure were a couple football players from Jamie's team as he attempted to make it back to the living room. he agreed. They stepped out on the deck and RJ welcomed the cool, early spring air. I apologize for bothering you but I have something urgent I need to discuss with you. RJ reread the letter then passed it to Robby to read. A/N: As I said before, this story will be different from the first two attempts. Here in London there was no such thing as a 'sunny' winter's day. we all drawled out packing our things away. Fredrick Tyson asked slinging his arms around Tessa and me. Tessa giggled. I asked him sarcastically shrugging his arm off my shoulder, ignoring the thumping of my heart and pushing the doors open. someone brave asked her. Melodramatic? Fred's voiced filled my ear from the right. I groaned as the wind swept my hair around my face. I saw a hair tie appear in front of my face. I asked him suspiciously. Tess and I looked at each other and sighed. Fred asked her flashing his white teeth at her. I replied with narrowed eyes. he said shrugging. I let him fall. he asked me wagging his eyebrows. Miss Florence called out. I closed my eyes and dropped back. I breathed out wondering whether I was actually hearing this. I didn't get a chance to reply to anything he said - mind you I'd probably have said something stupid – because he kissed me. I picked up my bag from the fall and almost ran to my class. I tried to remove the dejected look on Fred's face. I stayed, well hid, in the library for the rest of the day. Grabbing my last book I slammed my locker door shut. I ran to where Fred's locker was. His smiled started to fade, but my grin started appearing. New Note: Thanks to whoever nominated this for a TIRO award, ways to vote on my profile! Is such a contradiction: writing is my pick up when ever I'm in a bad mood. And to those who are giving me motivations and encouragement on regular basis, thank you guys, you are the one for who I upload my stories. And as always a big thanks to the wonderful diluain for beta'ing (have you by any chance read her latest story? Marshall stepped away from the pole and, his legs wide apart, cupped his family jewels with both hands and rolled his pelvis. He sat in the small dressing room with a mirror and counter across one whole wall, chairs in a row before the counter, with rows of clothing racks on the other side. Marshall swatted Cecil's hand off his shoulder. Marshall leaned on the door, his gaze travelling over the room, two by three meters large and poorly lit. And there by the trolley, with a glass of what appeared to be scotch in his hand, sat not an old goat as Marshall expected, but that young man he had noticed before. Marshall frowned and stepped onto the table. The man offered him his hand and without thinking Marshall took it and was pulled down into man's lap. Marshall blinked. Marshall lifted himself onto his knees and wrapped his arms around the man's neck, his fingers tangling into that soft, fine hair. Oh, shit. Marshall blinked away the haze of afterglow. ! Marshall had to concentrate hard to ignore those fingers that were still rubbing his entrance and to keep himself from pushing down on them. Marshall blinked, already missing the warmth of those fingers. Marshall opened himself to Simon's caress. Simon, still holding Marshall around the waist, reached into the inner pocket of his jacket. Marshall crumpled the bills in his fist and got up. He rushed into the changing room and hid in the corner behind the row of clothes. Checking the time briefly from the circular clock above the door to the library, I decide I have enough of my study hall left to meet up with Kaitlin, like she requested when she drove us to school. I crow in a fit of giggles, snatching her schedule from her hands. I fall onto the grass in a bout of laughter as Kaitlin glowers down at me with a crooked smile. Once we make it to our meeting, we grab two desks next to the window. I zone out a little during parts of her meeting, looking around at the class that we'll be with our senior year. Kaitlin stares at me wide-eyed from where her head lies on her desk. I laugh. I flip through the rest of the information on the project, scanning over the purpose and procedure. A/N: Okay so have completely edited my story. Julya Este- Daughter of Marsala and Massimo Este. Massimo Este- Father of Julya. Cristiano is the childhood bully of Julya, Dane, and Andrew. I can't believe I'm actually posting this. WARNING: This is going to be a pretty messed up story. he hollered and I bolted from the room, getting as far away from him as possible, knowing how he could get when angered. I remained on the floor, trying to regain my composure and will away the pain. As I reached my destination, I heard giggling coming from the other side of the door, the sweet innocent giggling that only a child could make. The child reached his tiny hand up, tangling it in my long white hair as he made sweet cooing noises. I continued to hold my child, gently rocking him back and forth. I sighed and nuzzled Eben gently. She smiled at me kindly, informing me it was always a pleasure to look after Eben. Unlike his wife, Mr. Ashton was anything but kind, which I knew all too well from personal experience. Mr. Ashton stepped past his wife, looking down on her with a scorn. After she was gone, Mr. Ashton stepped towards me, a lustful glint in his eyes. I fought the urge to shudder in disgust. I let out a gasp, trying not to get aroused, but failing miserably. I whined in protest, still trying to pull away from him. he commanded and I complied while he did the same. I felt him grab me around the ankles, pulling me to the edge of the bed so he was standing directly behind me. As he sped up and I felt myself getting into it, I forced myself to block out what was happening. Blah blah…. By the time my chicken dinner arrives, it feels like this is the only sound coming out of Charlie's mouth. Raindrops pelt the window of the tiny Manhattan restaurant we're sitting in. I admit, honestly. The word leaves my lips in a shrill cry, causing the couple at the table next to us to turn their heads with disapproving frowns. I bite my cheek as I consider Charlie's words. I run my fingers through my hair, trying to push down the knot that has begun to form in my stomach. I nod, my mind working at a million miles a minute. I try not to make a face at him. In an attempt to distract me, Charlie starts to tell me about something funny that happened to his brother last week, but once again, I studiously tune him out. There is a terribly awkward pause between us, as Charlie gently rubs my back. We are silent for a moment, lost in thought. On the way up to my apartment, I grab the mail out of my box. I miss you more than you could ever possibly comprehend. I finish reading the card just as I enter my apartment. I add her postcard to the other postcards she has sent me, which are hanging on the refrigerator. I shake the thought from my mind, and move to turn on the space heater and put on the television at the same time. I move through my apartment with ease, shedding layers of clothing as I go. When I enter the bathroom, I gather strands of pale blonde hair away from the nape of my neck and pile them into a sloppy bun on the top of my head. Although I have always been considered thin, even before starting classes, Krav Maga has ensured that any excess fat has melted away to form muscles. I linger in the hot spray of the shower for a while. When I go back to the living room, I notice that the evening news has been replaced by some celebrity gossip show. The man, Fredrick whatever, goes on to rattle off a ten-digit phone number. Why now? I wrack my brain, trying to come up with answers to my questions, but I have nothing. A picture flashes up on the screen of Angeline Henderson. The news lady gives a slight chuckle before launching into her next story. Colden Cade is another one of those subjects I don't allow myself to think about, although that is more out of necessity rather than force of habit. A few calming breathes help to push the feeling away, and I rise to my full height on unsteady feet, shutting off the gossip show in the process. I open the refrigerator, and pull out an individual cupcake box from Magnolia Bakery: the best cupcake shop in New York City—possibly the best cupcake shop in the entire world. Without further ado, I blow out the candle and celebrate my twenty-third birthday alone. When I was first appointed to the homicide squad, it was because I needed to get away from the FBI. We had just started dating the week before the accident. To make a long depressing story short, Henry died saving me. I set my bag on the top of my desk. That was when he came in. He grinned at me. He scowled at me. He was the only one that called me by my full name, Angelica Edwards, which makes me sound like some sort of stuck-up, vapid chick. Hugh had a poor opinion of my skills because he found out that I had left the FBI because I couldn't handle it. I glanced at it, and then passed it to Hugh. He opened his mouth as if he say something back, and then closed it. Officer Miller walked up to us. The officers managed to get the door open, and I heard the click before anyone else did. Ignoring his shout as I barreled into him, we both hit the floor as the explosion of debris and chaos rained down on us. It was Lieutenant Summers. For a moment I was alarmed, I didn't want Hugh to see me like this. The elder man smiled, and patted my hand. I fell asleep again, and woke four hours later to find that Hugh was gone. A week later, the hospital released me. There was a knock on the door. I contemplated not answering the door. He looked almost. It was that damn accent again. He couldn't have known that yellow roses were my favorite flower. I hadn't really meant to punch Hugh. His eyes followed in a path from my legs to my chest and neck, and in that second, the look in his eyes changed from fury to something else. I could tell he was shocked and surprised the moment I raised myself up on my toes and crushed my mouth against his. He eventually released my hands all together, and hoisted me into the air. I frantically freed him from his zipper, and positioned myself over him. I sunk down onto him, hearing the gasp that came through his lips, and then I felt a shiver through my entire body in knowing I was the one that caused it. Our eyes were locked, and he seemed frozen in his spot, so I took the initiative and moved slowly. He looked absolutely beautiful, his dark hair brushing against my pale skin, his expression covered with concentration. I cried out, and it was followed with a harsh shout from his own lips. He finally looked up at me, his face was sweaty and his hair sticking to his skin. A/N: Hey! Ryan Gregan parked his dual-cab ute in a free parking space and slowly climbed out. So here he was, inside a building he never thought he would willingly enter. Her head came up to look at him and she straightened to her full height. She was tall and slim, but not model thin. Ryan sighed and scratched his head, uncomfortable about discussing personal things with a stranger, particularly female strangers. AN: This is probably the longest chapter I've ever written. I stepped out of the train station with a buggy loaded down with luggage, a sleepy three-year-old bundle and no idea where I was going. He said to me. I let him deal with the bags while I got into the car. He put the car in gear. The driver nodded to himself. I nodded. The girl at the front desk smiled at me. I switched Teagan to my other arm. I told her. I nodded. The girl said. The ride in the elevator was awkward. I had already placed Teagan in the center of the queen size bed and walked back over to the door. Teagan made a small noise in her sleep as she rolled over. I sat her up. I grinned. The next morning I got the both of us ready and down to have breakfast around ten o'clock. We walked up and down streets without really knowing where we were going. I informed her before taking the sticky cone from her and licking it. I was so engrossed with watching Teagan play around in the sand that the sudden appearance of a coffee cup in my face almost made me jump out of my seat. I took a sip. I nodded. I couldn't bring myself to smile back but I was still polite. Quinn snorted. Damn. I grinned. Teagan looked at him, then his outstretched hand and then me. The bubble of excitement in my chest surprised me. I had to admit. Quinn scrunched his eyebrows together. I protested, but my face was indeed starting to get hot. AN: Okiee, there it is. Author's Note: Hiiii. AN 2. Skank. Emmaline stood before the foldout table, squashed between the male of her dreams and the ass of her nightmares. Were the cups. Damn it. Slut. She just needed a crap landing. Five turns into the game, and her lands had been perfect each time. Wincing, she met his lips with hesitation. And the Bud Lite slipping into her mouth was just gross. Christ, how much beer could he keep in his mouth? To her horror, the perfect man with his perfect musculature, and what should have been his perfect balance, stumbled backwards with her still in his arms. Where was Ryan? From the burning sensation permeating her lungs? Trying to blink the water out of her eyes, she expected Ryan to be holding her up. Whirling around to give him a piece of her mind, she thought the world dipped. Emmaline wasn't sure if Logan had done that on her behalf, or just because Ryan had annoyed him as well. Glancing down, Emmaline hmphed slowly,  So what if he could see the outline of her bra? No. she countered. Oh, libido, be still. She stared at him, not sure how to reply. Why was her heart beating so quickly? Th-thump. ? she whispered. And leaned forward for a proper kiss. (Authors Note: I have been missing for a very long time. He had celebrated his twenty fifth birthday the day before, realizing at the time exactly how pathetic he was. So he ended up celebrating with a group of people who were essentially strangers. Of course, he had been too terrified to admit that no girl would ever do it for him given the somewhat scary, extremely hetero clientele of the bar they had landed at when he made his admission of single-dom, so he had smiled and played along, drinking whatever was set in front of him in an effort to placate the group in some way. As the taxi disgorged his stumbling form in front of his house, his mind was set. Arriving home, he had promptly logged onto the internet, and set out on a search. He was to meet the man at the high end hotel bar he sat at. So, here Fin sat. He had arrived at the place almost three hours early, after spending entirely too much time pacing his apartment, every step taking him closer to panicking and backing out. Instead of fortifying himself though, his early arrival had only managed to make him even more tense, despite the drink he had managed to stomach. He had finally managed to convince himself that he needed to leave and call in with his apologies and offer to Paypal or money order whatever a cancellation fee cost when he spotted the man he was waiting for. Fin swallowed deeply, his nervousness slowly rolling away under a desperate longing to get his hands on the man he had contracted a night of carnal pleasure with. Chance waved down the bartender, intending to have a second Manhattan served long before the one he sipped at now was gone. The wedding was dry, due to some strange idea that alcohol was the devil's tool. He shrugged off the thought as he took the fresh Manhattan the bartender had set in front of him in hand and turned to scan the room; at least here he had company, even if it was anonymous. As he glanced around he became aware of a shockingly beautiful young man sidling up beside him. Chance was enthralled, watching the odd dichotomy in the young man's behavior. He stalled out, staring intently into Chance's eyes as if searching for a lifeline. He intoned quietly. Chase had never been one for one night stands or temporary flings, but he was nursing the grand daddy of all hurts this moment. Chase realized he had been holding Fin's hand the entire time he considered what he was doing, thumb restlessly skating back and forth over his knuckles. Fin's eyes widened, his Adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed and nodded rapidly, getting the hint and falling in step. Chance reveled in the slide of lean muscles moving beneath his hand as he led the way to the desk at the lobby of the five star hotel his sister had insisted host her wedding. day. we? have a ton of fun figuring that out. police chases! obviously didn't work out. acknowledge her existence before randomly receiving a call from her? they break up? Is that okay? duh! No, no. and over everybody. Is that missing any monumental thing that I just forgot or something? free to do so! (1) Yesterday, I sat down with every intent of writing a chapter for Max &amp; Me. (3) This is about homecoming. Without further ado. Words could not express how furious I was. Oh my God! I was pathetic. We'd gone out for almost a month now. Swiping my hand against my stinging eyes, I angrily grabbed up my phone and stuffed it into my backpack. As I stood in the cafeteria in the morning waiting for the bell to ring that would release us to first period, I chewed on my lip angrily, searching the crowd. And then I spotted him. I winced. But then again, hadn't she been going out with that football star—what was his name again? Where was Oliver? Clang. Raising my head, I glanced up, surprised. There in the entrance of the cafeteria stood Oliver Swift himself, an elaborate garter on his arm and an enormous mum in his hands. But his garter read the same thing. I froze in shock. The door bell rang at exactly seven o'clock that night, and I flounced down the stairs in my new dress. Locking the door, I followed him over to his car. Oliver grinned. Oliver gave me an appraising glance before letting out a genuine laugh. I managed to squeeze into the first few rows of the bleachers, close enough to the field that I would have been able to leap out and tackle a passing player myself. Then, with a roar, the Dragoons of Dempsey exploded through their banner, all decked out in spiffy red uniforms. With an equally thunderous hollering, the Hellions burst through their own banner on the left side of the field, dressed in the black and blue of the school colors. Now if I remembered correctly, Oliver was the one with number seven printed on his back. I tried to study the players for a sign of my date, but all of them managed to pull of an Oliver-y look. Oliver? Oh. The Hellions won the game. He turned at my shout and spotted me waving at him. He went even further. The stricken look on his face—that look of pure astonishment—was almost enough to make me run hollering around the field in triumph. He looked taken aback and for a moment, his anger faltered. It was the wrong thing to say. I said hoarsely, trying to push him. Gary was on the ground, five feet away. Gary protested hotly, scrambling to his feet. Numb, I shook my head. Shutting my eyes, I took several shallow breaths, feeling my heart slow. I thought about resisting. Silently, we climbed into the Camaro. Ten minutes into the trip, I glanced over at him and caught sight of his swollen knuckles. I twisted around in my seat and blushed as I felt my dress ride up. he said, brushing a hand through his hair. Before I could ask like what? The largest one in the middle was one of Oliver and his family. I whirled at the childish voice to find a girl on the stairs—Oliver's sister. Low self-esteem? We played all the way up to the parking lot of the hotel, and at times, the car rocked with laughter. It was a pretty snazzy place. We progressed further into the hotel, and Oliver picked up two glasses, handing one to me. Well, why not? I laughed giddily and nodded. He froze. I whined, rolling my eyes at the ceiling. I managed to focus my eyes enough to make out the figure of the approaching girl. Something clicked in my mind. I said, confused. She looked indignant now. Danny asked, sounding almost hurt now. she snapped quickly. I mused. Oliver ignored me so I tried again. I managed to stop laughing long enough to call,  I couldn't seem to remember what I'd been mad at him for. I stopped, the fog in my head clearing momentarily. Somewhere inside, I screamed at Oliver to stop me, to tell me I was being an idiot following my drunk ex-boyfriend out of safety. I shook my head. Before I could even take a breath, his mouth was on mine. The foreign experience pierced through the fog. I tried to scream, but it was strangled in his mouth. No. With a muffled yell, I kicked forward blindly and felt my foot connect solidly. Gary's hand closed on my ankle. I never saw what truncated his sentence, but I heard the resounding whack as something connected with his head. Oliver! I gasped and felt my throat constrict. Asthma. Oliver said, gripping my shoulder so tightly it was painful. Oliver said, but his voice was distant. He pulled up one of the armchairs next to my bed and sat down heavily. He leaped to his feet and grabbed the trash can in the corner. He was so, so close. of a bully. Hey guys! The moment her friends and she stepped foot on the cafeteria, a few jocks and a few more people turned their heads and took notice of the group. She smiled. Confusing, huh? She eyed him to give him a glare, but when she did, she saw him looking down at his plate. His eyes, his bright emerald orbs, darkened and looking at them, she saw a murky, muddy shade of green. He didn't want to shout at her. Connor forced himself not to roll his eyes, and he succeeded, but that kind of achievement didn't lighten up his mood when it was supposed to. Cassie sighed. She looked up to meet his face. Cassie shook her head. She realized something. She just had to wait until lunch. Connor stiffened. Why would Connor take an interest in her? And that was the gasoline that fueled Connor to play the game better, harder and more serious than ever before. Cassie now understood why it was so hard for Connor to act like nothing was happening during all the times Devin flirted with her. Maybe he was going to break up with her in the near or far future, or maybe, she was going to be the one who would end the relationship. Cassie rolled her eyes. Connor didn't show it, but he was frowning when he, along with Mishka, left the cafeteria. She couldn't believe how much she hurt just by seeing Connor flirt with one girl since Connor had always been a witness during the times numerous guys, Devin included of course, asked her out or tried to make a move on her. Cassie didn't get the chance to explain what she said to her friends since she now stood in front of the lunch table her friends and she sat at. Cassie couldn't help but laugh, and in return, she only nodded her head. Ever since my trip to the states started, I've been reading a lot of one-shots since I didn't have any new, complete stories to read. This is an edited version of the original one. Summary: 27-year-old Kolya Narrah is a successful Landscape designer who managed to score a high paying job at a Five Star Hotel on the Island of Maui. AN: Ok, this is a story that I had started a while ago but then completely forgot about…Yeah. Kolya couldn't believe his luck. The best part for this 27 year old was he was going to the one who was creating the design for the new outdoor lounge/garden. So, he was understandably nervous. Kolya hadn't been to Maui for six years. Kolya quickly replied. Mick seemed cheerful and helpful enough, Kolya figured. The sketches and design plans fell from Kolya's hand as he opened gaped at the man before him. But, his gaze was never this piercing or fierce before. Kale said, but there wasn't even a remote sense of nostalgia in his voice. Quickly, Kolya placed the sketches and plans onto the table that had been provided for such a purpose, fanning them out so it was easier to glance over them. The wait for a client to make his/her choice was always nerve-wrecking, but now it was gut-wrenching! His heart was torn between feeling elated that Kale chose one of his own designs and crushed that Kale was so (understandably) cold toward him. It was going to be hard working with Kale on something so important. It's just that there are so many people and all the people I know are growing up, up, and away and will I ever have another chance to build a lemonade stand right there so I can feel tangy and refreshed and sticky like before when the only sounds were quarters and the ice cream man? It's just that whenever I see that man on the side of the freeway, I feel like crying. I don't know why I say this—probably because Mason's hair is approaching neck-length and I figure that at least one of us should get a haircut. Mason agrees, and his friend gives me one last glance as he tries to remember my name. he says, and I am so surprised he knows my name that I turn around. he agrees after a pause, but not in the way that Mason agrees ( ). He grins right back, and his eyes are bright and he is looking at me as if he is trying to remember my name. We are sweaty and the sun is beating down on our backs and we sit at a little table with an umbrella growing in the center of it that provides little shade, and this is summer. I laugh before I can stop myself. A flush warms my cheeks and his grin is impish. Jacob amends hastily, and the grin breaks out across my face. I reply quietly. That is when I tell him about the man on the side of the freeway. I'm sick of it. His face clears but he is silent. I feel a little choked up for some reason, but I glance up at Jacob anyway. He loves me. I grab the phone from the back seat where I'd thrown it in my shock and press redial frantically. I feel wonderful and tingly and I can't stop swallowing—I want to squeal! I smile impishly, moving around him to drape myself across the couch. A corner of Jacob's mouth quirks up and I lean back in my seat, accomplished. p. Tessellate1. (He's fine. It's as he passes the Button that it happens. Travis says quickly as he bends down to help. Travis's heart stops. Travis replies dumbly (because this isn't supposed to happen). Travis stops, paralyzed in place. As soon as he can't feel the breath against his skin, Travis scrambles away. He runs through the Engineering Quad, the late summer sun beating down on him. And there he is, standing outside David Rittenhouse Laboratories, the co-home of the Departments of Math, Physics, and Astronomy. He reaches into his backpack, past crisp spiral notebooks and unopened textbooks, and pulls out an aqua Moleskine sketchbook and a freshly sharpened Ticonderoga Number 2 pencil. He studies her curiously. Travis frowns but tries to keep the conversation light. Travis just groans. He's still five minutes early for his appointment, and he's beginning to remember the bane of this habit. Because Travis believes in patterns. The office is small but cozy, the walls lined with bookcases and blackboards. Travis blushes. Travis nods. Travis also knows that his cheeks must be bright red. And Travis just nods. He sighs as he enters his third floor room. he says. Travis stares at the ceiling. And then Alexis begins one of her dating spiels, and Travis tunes her out. So Travis waits, stares at the ceiling, tries to see if the cracks form a pattern. And Travis sighs. The response is almost instant. Hero's image appears on the screen. Hero scolds. A beautiful boy. he nods. So, a few things. This story is set in Philadelphia. Ever dreamt of being a fairytale Princess? I stared at the person who had just spoken to me and wished that I was deaf – or even delusional. I stared at the mirror as she tapped at the golden chain hanging from my neck with a heart-shaped pendant dangling from it. I felt tears slipping out of my eyes. I blindly ran from my room, hearing all my emotions roaring inside of me. This. The whole room sniggered while I reddened with embarrassment. I'm not extremely smart…or extremely dumb. The next thing that happened was something that would only happen to me. I was about to ask her. Jane was now giving me a funny look, reminding me that I had been halfway through a sentence. I was staring at her in shock as if she had just fully slapped me. Suddenly, being  was a really bad thing. I gave Ms Leons a smile and apologised whole-heartedly, as I knew what Ms Leons felt when she was disrupted from her teaching. She always referred to my last name at the end her sentences. I glanced at his clothes once again, noting that the money spent on that could easily feed all the homeless children in a small town for a month. Ms Leons said, looking to be overcome by, as Stacey stated, his  too. In my mind, I ran through the clothes I had put on today. I felt myself redden. The first thing that came to my mind, though, was how good Justin's last name had sounded when Ms Leons has exclaimed it. This taught me for ever replying to Justin. I heard Justin say under his breath. This time, I made it out the door without doing anything uncoordinated. I first expected him to say that it was because of me. I said quickly before turning and walking away from him. Hope you enjoy! on his hand. was his. try. I got the idea for this story whilst I was working on wnt, and it hasn't left me alone, so here you are. She'd never been a skinny girl. Her jeans and big baggy jumper were laid out on the bed, and she walked over and stepped into the pants. She muttered, pushing past her and walking out the door. Cody kicked at a pebble. He acknowledged. Where was Richards when you needed him? Girls like her were a dime a dozen. I'd better not be coach's bitch all year. He yelled, pulling his head back in, and watching as she clambered into the car. Madden pulled into the parking lot and checked his watch, he swore under his breath. he apologised, before dashing off. Sapphire questioned, and Cody nodded. Cody scoffed, climbing to her feet. Madden looked at him a moment, and quickened his pace. He's not my boy. A/N- And so we come to the end of the first chapter. Longest one-shot I've ever written. Lyla used to dream of a beautiful white wedding on the beach. Lyla spent her third grade days dreaming of how Draco Malfoy would walk her to the recess yard and kiss her on the cheek when the teachers weren't looking. Both Lyla and Ian's crushes were short lived. In her mother's honest attempts to save her daughter's future love life, she started inviting her old friend over for lunch. They were sitting on her couch watching their cartoons when Robbie's hand brushed against hers. Lyla's picture of her perfect wedding changed. Lyla and Robbie didn't go to elementary school with each other, so she only saw him once a week. At first Lyla was devastated. Lyla had a few mini crushes in the last year of elementary school. When Lyla was thirteen, she received her first boyfriend. Lyla heard that Bobbie had a crush one some girl named Sharron. Ninth grade signified the beginning of high school for Lyla. Lyla spent the entire first year of her high school life trying to fit in. Lyla loved math. Strangely enough, it was a sneeze that brought Connor to notice Lyla. The sneeze was not very lady-like, nor was her futile attempts to blow her nose without making any noise. When she came back from the bathroom, she was breathing a lot easier. Lyla was absent the next day of school. The weekend came and went. Monday came around and the two went about their ordinary lives. Connor spent his entire math class dozing off. The rest of the week went by just like that. The next weekend came as expected. Lyla hugged all of her friends before they decided on a movie. The two different groups went inside the theater. Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday went by rather slowly. he responded. Rick sat back down in his prior seat telling the three girls that Todd just had a question about some stupid party. She dropped her bag on the floor next to her desk and took out her notebook and handy-dandy graphing calculator. The teacher put up some problems on the board before rushing out of the classroom with a few papers in her hand. A few more minutes went by and still there were no answers on the board. Lyla nodded and got up from her desk. Connor was more than aware of the presence of the girl approaching him. Lyla looked over his shoulder at his solution. They both continued writing the answers on the board. Connor's eyes drifted back to her as he watched the chalk dust fall on him. Lyla couldn't help but think about Connor more and more for the rest of the day. The next day passed by slowly. Connor and his friends laughed a lot, but also had a very eclectic array of conversation topics. Brenda and her friend, Susie walked up to the table. Chad smiled and pulled Brenda to sit next to him. She started nibbling on the chips Chad had taken out with his sandwich. Lyla and her friends continued playing their game. Lyla turned her head to where Tammie was looking. Lyla and Tammie turned their attention back to the game. Rebecca missed half the pins, but got three more on her second turn. Tammie suggested the diner across the street, and everyone was pretty okay with that answer. Chad's arm was wrapped around Brenda, who also waved at Tom. Chad chuckled. Chad nodded and jogged back over to Brenda and his friends. Brenda skipped over to the scoreboard. Everyone mumbled their approval of the pairings. The next week went by pretty quickly for everyone. she said out of nowhere. Connor said, throwing his backpack over his shoulder. Susie had been Brenda's best friend since she was eleven years old. Both Rebecca and Ray had rejected the party invitation. The two girls finally spotted him talking to Brenda about something. Connor rolled his eyes and scanned the room for Todd. Lyla gave Tammie a look of utter shock before Tammie ran off to supposedly find Susie. Lyla nodded, but Connor was running out of things to say and Lyla couldn't find a way to make herself sound more interesting. Somehow the two were able to verge out of small talk and onto more intellectual conversations such as the latest movie out and the amount of ridiculous teachers at their school. No matter how or why it happened, but Connor and Lyla shifted closed to one another on the couch. Eventually Lyla saw Tammie motion to her watch, which signaled that they had to be home. They should have known that things were going to be different on Monday. Connor arrived to class just as the bell rang, and Lyla was already sitting in her lovely desk. Although most people thought otherwise, Connor knew when he was being a complete idiot. Brenda kept prodding him for more information. And truth be told, Connor Burkley had never asked a girl out before. He knew that if he waited any longer, the opportunity would just slip right through his rough fingers. He probably wouldn't be able to tell you why he decided to go up to the board that day. he asked. Lyla circled her answer on the board before she put down the piece of chalk and dusted her hands off on her jeans. As far as first dates go, Connor and Lyla's went incredibly smoothly. They went to see the soonest movie that was playing at the local theater. He then took her out to dinner. Two weeks went by and everything had been going smoothly. Lyla remained quiet. It all went by in such a flash that Lyla couldn't tell one day apart from the other. The last day of school came and went just as the rest of high school had. And the two months were blissful ones at that. Part of him hoped that she would start crying in front of him. The minutes went by as Lyla finally had to go through security. For Lyla and Connor, it would be the first time they would see each other since that day at the airport. Lyla knocked on the Burkley's door in her winter jacket knowing that Connor's plane had arrived in the afternoon. Lyla nodded her head. Lyla skipped up the stairs while Connor's mother escaped into the living room. he whispered, causing her to open her eyes. Connor, having just woken up was overjoyed. Connor chanted, tugging at his hair. Lyla got up from the bed. Lyla shut her mouth at his sudden use of language. Lyla let go of his head as Connor had expected. It's funny how time tends to pass you by. Some days you don't look back. Lyla sat on the sand with the water brushing against her toes. She knew he would eventually find her. And with that, the wedding went on. And then he finally kissed her, because even after all of these years, she was still his chalkboard princess. I have completely rewritten this story. Breakfast was surprisingly bearable today, except for Daddy canoodling with that awful woman I'm supposed to call stepmother – Foul Fenella – over his eggs. Alf said just as I was about to throw one of my trademark tantrums and storm off. By the time I reached my room, I was slightly out of breath, and now I'm perspiring— not exactly becoming for a princess, but all I was focused on was ripping open the letter. My eyes devoured the curvy, golden lettering until I was just short of eating the letter whole. Finally my sheltered life in the palace is over. I've just come back from the marketplace with Rosamunde, who is not invited to the ball. she exclaimed, grabbing a huge yellow expanse of material and sighing. I shrugged, moving on. The shop assistant was more than happy to help me, not only because I am the princess, but I have a beast of a man to protect me. I planned on buying the shoes, obviously not listening to my fashion-challenged friend. Rosa giggled. When they marry, as I suspect they will, Rosa would become Queen of Maynard, a title I, as an unmarried girl, will not inherit despite my father being the king which is stupid quite frankly. I asked Daddy later on for the outfit that would help me to woo Prince Charming. he said over his desk. he said, using my full name. Only a few more hours until we arrive at Asgard, 'we' being the coachman and I. It was rather scary leaving the walls of Maynard behind and venturing out into the unknown. I managed to convince Daddy to let me go without Brian, who is welcoming the time off. I'm so glad Fenella didn't come along; I couldn't stand being cooped up in this coach with her for five hours. And then it would take us ten more years to get to Asgard. I think Fenella hates me more now if that's even possible. girlyish scream. DARE MOCK ME? jour. ". right"? actually got married to each other. you fell from the pyramid after we broke up. knew that I'd always miss him, but. But. "Um. my finger. still have feelings. eyebrow, I continued. you and. She groaned, shifting on the white bed restlessly, her eyes squinting as her brows arched upwards. Finally, the girl had the wits to open her eyes. She didn't recognize that voice, it was strange, somewhat smoothing but peculiar. Josephine sighed in contentment, leaning back on the soft pillow beneath her head. The doctor's eyebrows rose in surprise. She glared at the doctor and nurse, holding onto the hospital blanket, trying to seek security and protection. Unconsciously, her hand found its way through her brown wavy hair. This man--boy stunk of cigarettes. The jeans were snug on his hips, leaving wild imaginations to the older woman outside who were staring at his buttocks as they passed her room. At the side of his temple was yet another tattoo, a small tribal black dragon. At the left side of his neck was another tattoo. She was lost of words. Suddenly, his whole image changed. She had no idea how the hell she met him. As the two were walked, there was a rude motorcyclist who rushed past them, drenching the two. The two girls continued to walk in the rain in an angry mood when suddenly the motorcycle came back. She refused. As she continued to rant and yell at him, Ross rolled his eyes, leaned down, and left a kiss on her lips. Ross interrupted brusquely. But it was too late. Paralyzed with shock, Josephine couldn't do anything but stare incredulously at him. Her scream of frustration echoed through the corridors of the hospital. The doctor stuttered, turning on his heel. Josephine gagged as she tasted the horrendous fluid in her mouth. Once the door opened, she was heading towards the hospital exit. It wouldn't even work if she found it. Her ears perked when she heard numerous annoying giggles from the right. Ross laughed as he saw Josephine running. In fact she did. I got the name  from the movie, Titanic. For those who are curious of Josephine's eyes, go to google and search: Kate Bosworth. This is an idea that's been in my head for quite a while and I decided to do something about it, so here's the result. Everyone has their little quirks and flaws, I guess. Coming into college, I had had this brilliant vision of me, surrounded by handsome swains, carrying on lively and scintillating conversation. My friends, of course, found it supremely funny that I could transform from an obnoxious loudmouth to a stuttering ninny by just the mere presence of one lone male entering to room. I guess the one good thing that this curse—because it was definitely a curse—was that it never impaired my ability to make friends with the…less physically blessed boys at my school. It was only now, in college, that I was realizing that my ideal Prince Charming was never going to work out thanks to this awful curse I had. Which actually, was not that bad. Ah. Ours had been a tearful goodbye, as he had wrapped himself around me like the fourteen year old version of the Pillsbury Dough Boy after I gave him a parting gift (homemade chocolate chip cookies). Finally, someone who understood my crippling social retardation. Clarice said, tapping her chin. About fifteen minutes later, people started streaming from gate 22. Said a familiar voice in my ear. To say that was one of the most awkward car rides in the entire world would be an understatement. Clarice said, and then did a double take. Even if she was saving my sorry ass, I glowered. I said. We walked silently all the way back to my dorm. So this royally sucked. I groaned. But that was far from reassuring. I stuttered out, and found myself even more embarrassed. There was a short pause, and then his lips found my neck. He gently kissed me again, and I smiled. Warning: This is a slash story, containing M/M and F/F relationships, if you don't like it. Update! Rain beat against the glass of the taxi window as it pulled to a halt outside what Gabriel Ashton would now be calling home. Gabriel looked up at the building and sighed. She ushered him into the hall still clucking about catching pneumonia from the cold. She laughed and started up the stairs, picking up one of his bags on the way. It was a fair sized room, bigger than his last one at least; and cleaner. He couldn't help but smile. Gabriel nodded and shut the door behind her, turning to survey what was now his room. He sank into the easy chair and allowed a small smile to form on his lips. He pulled the door shut behind him as they exited the room, following Holly down the hallway and down the stairs into a warm lounge. All she got in return was a distracted nod. The other girl had long straight black hair and dark skin, part of which looked to be tan, and the rest, natural skin tone. Holly smiled round the room, seemingly oblivious to the tension in the room. Three pairs of eyes were regarding him with confusion, and he knew they were probably brimming with questions; not least about whether he was a boy or a girl. Despite his earlier attempts to push his past away form his conscious thoughts, he felt the memories surfacing. Without another word, he turned and left the room. Paul rolled his eyes and spoke for the first time since Gabe had made his entrance, he was angry with the blonde for scaring Gabriel from the room. Joe just shrugged and opened the door to their room. He had been right in his assumption that there would be at least one query at his gender; Mel had been the only one to voice a question on it, though he had seen confusion in the others' eyes as well. Sighing to himself he stood up and turned off his music, brushing his hair quickly and tying it back so it just brushed the backs of his thighs. He reached out and flicked on the lights, wincing slightly at the bright light, as did his companion. Gabe stared down at her tiny form sheltered against him as she yawned and snuggled against him even more. Tbc. Author's Note: Hey guys! I hurried through the crowded corridors as students poured into their various classes. I was extremely terrified. I groaned at my hideous school uniform. I frowned at her obvious lie but decided not to push the conversation any further. She was a small woman with short brown hair and warm brown eyes. A tall and slim girl with feathered black hair that had a red streak in the fringe came in. she announced confidently. My first day was terrifying. Most of my other classes were like this too. When the bus was about to start moving, a group of Year 10s walked onto the bus. So. The captain of the wagon train called a halt around five thirty. a young boy, no older than twelve came darting around the wagon, laughing. Kate shouted. The young braves watched the whites from the near by forest. The whites, although a threat to their land, amused and bewildered them. Never had they seen such pale skin, or such light eyes and hair. Those who got close enough to see their eyes were mesmerized. Jacob asked with excitement. Mrs. Gifford, a middle aged woman snapped. then leaning closer to the younger girls, that remained, he whispered so Mrs. Gifford wouldn't hear. They couldn't have gone back to sleep for more than ten minutes before they were awaken to start the day. Sara how ever didn't try to skip out on her work today. Katherine woke up the next morning to screams and gun fire. The shooting and gunfire got closer. Katherine grabbed her sister's hand and brought her toward the forest. She quickly turned around, and ran back to the forest, her breath choking in her throat. She choked, tears burning at her eyes. Katherine had no idea how long she had been asleep, but it was dark when he woke up. Katherine moved closer to Sara, doing her best to nudge Sara awake. a roar of laughter was heard from behind them and the turned their heads to see what happened. Sara nodded, slowly a tear slipping out of her eye. Katherine glanced at the group of braves. He stopped in mid laugh but the smile never left his face. At the same time, strong hands grabbed onto their waists and pulled them up. said one of the older braves. She croaked. Sara continued to struggle and weep in the Indians arms, everyone eyes except Sara's, seemed to be on her. She choked out the sentence but stopped in the middle fear tightening it's already tight hold on her heart. Sara broke down, she did not fight, but she sobbed. She nodded slowly and the knife was taken away from her neck. He spoke for a while in his language. The braves cheered, causing Katherine to look up. By now the other braves had re-seated themselves around the fires. Katherine was shaking and holding onto Sara rightly who buried her face in her chest. Katherine did not want to be tied up. she said slowly and loudly. The brave holding Sara grabbed her wrists and tied her to the tree he had pointed to. Sara moved over so that she was as close to Katherine as she could be. She whispered and closed her eyes resting her head on Kate's shoulder. The Cheyenne finished disposing of the bodies a couple of hours after the battle…. Little Bear was about to make an argument that they had orders when bushes rustled behind them. Fox yelled, but the girls didn't do so much as budge. "Long Jaw, we found two white woman! Came Dancing Fox's voice from behind him. Sundown came quickly. He said laughing. Glancing around he found the girls at the edge of camp, making their way on their stomachs. He, tying the ropes personally, knew there was no way of them getting out of the ropes alone. Elk was quickly on the girls grabbing the younger girl and pulling her off the ground. Long jaw spoke to them in their language, which he learned from a white man he met out East. His friends took their seats again and sat back down, leaving him a lone with his white. He looked back up at her and smiled, holding up the rope he pointed at the tree. She spoke to him then, loud and slowly. Brown Elk sensing trouble stood and held Hawks white in place. Oh, she just didn't understand that was all, she was afraid. Also. is young"! you,You want to wear the Clinique"? die a rich old maid. are like your two ex-boyfriends,Try seven,Oh, well that's hardly a large part of the male population! my love life. name is, kept calling. up getting the girl's number or sleeping with her. whom I knew for my entire life. hand with a number scrawled on it. it. jackets. Okay. Warnings: this story features male-male relationships. The halls were blessedly empty as Dren stepped out of his rooms, settling the bag on his shoulders before he covered himself with his cloak and pulled the hood up to shadow his face. His guards had done as he'd asked, taking up the posts on his escape route, and none of them said a word as he stepped past their posts. When Dren passed the last man, the captain of his guard, he stopped and pulled the ring off his right ring finger. Dren nodded once and forced himself to leave. The city was dark as he slipped out through a servant's door, carefully closing it behind him. It that moment, Dren knew he was facing a particularly difficult choice, a choice that would likely determine whether or not he got away and, therefore, the rest of his life. On the other hand, Dren could go after them and find out why the young man was being chased by royal guards, though, in his gut, he had a feeling he knew already. Fayt sighed as he tucked the letter into his bag and left his uncle's small home. Stepping out into the cold, Fayt pulled his threadbare cloak tighter around his dirty tunic and breeches. Grimacing, Fayt nonetheless knelt as they came even with him. At the blatant innuendo in the man's words, Fayt felt his eyes widen. he murmured, before he realized exactly the predicament he was in. Wrenching his arm from the man's grasp, Fayt spun away and bolted down a dark side street. The man reached for the front of his breeches and unbuttoned them. He felt the leader standing inches from his face and he knew exactly what he'd see if he opened his eyes, so he didn't. the leader said finally, obviously having decided that idea had gone nowhere. Flinching away from the voice, he attempted to shuffle in the opposite direction, only to be held in place by the arms still pressing down hard against his shoulders. No, he thought. Abruptly, he was pulled to his feet, and the knife shoved into his thigh. Fayt screamed long and loud when something was thrust into his chest. Dren froze when he came upon the boy. No, he thought, seeing the young's man chest rise slightly and then fall in a desperate attempt to keep air in his body. Which would kill any and all chance of Dren getting away from his father. Dren knew this and still, he laid his palm over the wound in the young man's chest and poured the meager power he had into it, doing what healing he could to keep him alive long enough to get him to Drea. Jerking the cloak around him off, Dren wrapped him in it and scooped the younger man into his arms. Dren made his way quickly through the dark spaces and muddy streets, disregarding the few people he saw as unable to help. Though he was clearly curious, the captain nodded once and disappeared. He'd just laid the young man down on his bed when the door opened and Drea, along with the captain, entered. Eren was silent for several moments, eyes following Drea's movements as she slowly healed the injuries as best she could. Dren nodded in agreement, but did not speak again. Fayt woke slowly, his mind gradually coming back to itself, memory coming with it, as he catalogued his numerous aches and pains. The creature curled lightly around Fayt was perhaps fifteen feet long, body about the same width as his own. Shaking slightly, Fayt raised his eyes to look at the head. Dragon, his mind whispered, and he knew that was exactly what he was looking at. Thinking over the myths and legends he'd heard, while he forced himself to ignore his fear, he realized that the dragon before him couldn't be in trueform. Hesitantly, Fayt moved his hand, ignoring the pain it caused, and ran a fingertip lightly down the body, finding the texture of the golden scales to be surprisingly smooth, and warm. The form shimmered slightly and, in place of the golden dragon, stood a man. When he felt a hand touch him, Fayt jerked away, eyes snapping open. With a curt nod, the man turned away and left the room, closing the door Fayt couldn't see from his position with a quiet sound. It was simplistic, but done in such a manner that told of the wealth and time spent making it look that way. All this begged the question of where he was, and why he was here. That realization only confused Fayt further. Fayt was startled from his thoughts when the cloth doorway was pulled back, and a woman came into his room. The smile Drea gave was blinding. Fayt was silent for several moments, unsure what to make of her words. he trailed off, because he knew that if the king ordered his daughter to give him up, she would have to. With a soft sigh, he dropped into a chair across from his captain. Dren followed the messenger through the palace, though he'd long since passed the need to be guided anywhere. His father, King Beldrith, sat in one of the large chairs situated around the room, a tea tray on the low table before him. The tone of his words made Dren shudder hard. Beldrith murmured. It was odd to hear the man use his full name, as he usually called him only, 'my son' or 'my heir'. The lie was bitter in his mouth, but he forced the words out. Nodding once, he left the room, going into the first empty room he found, ducking into the bathroom. A soft yelp interrupted him, and both men's eyes snapped to the doorway as Fayt was tossed into the room. Dren finally rose from his position on the floor, starting towards the young man. As soon as the prince left the room, his guard in tow, Fayt sagged against the wall, allowing the tears to run free as he sobbed, knees pulled tight against his chest, arms around them. He'd been stupid enough to listen to the princess' words when she defended her brother, told Fayt what a good man, a good person, he was. Instead, Fayt forced himself to his feet and through the doorway, going to the left and into the bathroom. It felt divine. Dren walked past his rooms, not even bothering to grab an extra set of clothes. He pulled his shirt over his head as he walked, tossing it to the ground. Now, he returned to his human form, waiting for Eren to strip out of his clothes. It was their greatest kept secret. The only thing that still bothered Dren was that his captain couldn't take demiform, but he understood. They had often discussed giving the rest of Dren's guard their dragons as well, but, every time, it came down to the fact that it was too much of a risk. Forcing his thoughts away, for he did not want to continue with that line of thought right now, Dren did several quick loops in the air, stretching his wings. Dangerous thoughts, he told himself. They flew for several hours, gliding up whenever they saw a town or village. They were silent as they came into the town. Dren stopped outside an inn that they'd visited before and stepped inside. They accepted his offer of dinner and thanked the innkeeper. Lips met lips in a hungry kiss, one that was filled with passion and fire, and, at the same time, tenderness. Dren sat on the desk in his personal library, legs crossed under him, his elbows on his knees, face resting on his fisted hands. Fayt had tried to escape three times in the last week, after he'd finally been deemed completely healed by Drea. Dren murmured. Dren sighed. Fayt sighed as he turned the page of the book he was reading, one of the few useful skills his parents had taught him, along with writing. Usually, he was glued to the pages, looking some clue as to how the crown prince, and cause of all his currently problems, had survived. Fayt looked up, startled at the sound of a voice he didn't recognize, and then returned his gaze to the book before him, uninterested in conversation with the captain of the crown prince's guard. Still ignoring the captain, Fayt turned the page and continued to read. "When Amalira became pregnant, everyone was surprised, as it was thought that she could not conceive children, though it was most likely the fault of her husband, the king. "He skinned the dragon and made this journal, as well as several other things you'd see if you were ever unlucky enough to find yourself in the king's bedchamber. "Dren survived because of his bloodline. Eren fell silent, and Fayt took the chance to get a good look at the man before him. Fayt breathed, voice filled with awe. Eren offered hesitantly, hoping he wouldn't offend Fayt. Fayt nodded slowly, but made no move to leave. When the crown prince came into view, Fayt found it hard to breathe for a moment, and was startled to find that he was more than a little aroused. It was torture to see him now, to know what lurked under such an attractive mask. Dren shed his clothes in two quick moves, tunic and breeches falling to the ground. The change barely registered in Fayt's mind, as the sound of another set of footsteps startled everyone, and the dragon disappeared, becoming the man once more. Eren sat frozen for a heartbeat, and then abruptly shot to his feet, pulling a startled Fayt up with him. He allowed himself to be led through the palace, Eren taking seemingly random turns as he took them back to Fayt's rooms. Anger flashed briefly in the captain's eyes, and Fayt was startled when he saw it. They were both clearly surprised by the question, and neither answered. both guards chimed together. Fayt was stunned speechless. Whatever the case, it didn't seem that it mattered anymore. Over the next two weeks, Fayt learned more about the crown prince than he'd ever need to know. A low groan interrupted his thoughts, and Fayt froze, wondering where the sound had come from. Slipping through the door, Fayt closed it behind him, inching into the room. Fayt asked quietly, hand dropping away. At his words, Dren looked up slowly. In response, Dren slowly pulled his shirt over his head, grimacing. The dragon seemed to heave a mental sigh. The dragon shifted, revealing a part of his stomach to the young man. The dragon uncurled from around him and padded, somewhat shakily, across the room, leading Fayt through the door and into another room. Fayt asked, kneeling beside the bed. The request was so soft that Fayt thought he'd imagined it, but, even he turned back around to look at the creature, he knew he hadn't. So Fayt padded over to the bed again, pulling the soft shoes he wore around his room off. Fayt woke all at once, immediately wondering where he was. The dragon shimmered, and he found himself looking at the human form of the crown prince once again. Fayt whispered, the implications of those few simple sentences mind-boggling. Dren smiled softly. He glanced backwards, surprised to find the captain behind them. the prince requested. Emory said a wide grin. Dren said simply. he asked, taking the glass bottle and turning it in his hands. In a single quick move, he pulled the stopper from it and downed the liquid in a few swallows. Eren chuckled, getting to his feet. Fayt muttered, scratching skin that suddenly felt tight and itchy and off. The feelings were already fading, to be replaced by an overwhelming feeling of wrongness. Through all this, Fayt expected fear, but, to his surprise, felt none. The words were whispered into his mind, as they had been when Dren had been in demiform. He felt his form change again, and he knew he'd successfully taken a demiform, somehow. Dren laughed quietly, obviously pleased, and ran his hands down Fayt's long body, smiling slightly. Fayt didn't respond, simply content to lay there with his mate. Fayt sighed but complied, effortlessly taking his human form again. With two quick steps, Fayt was standing in front of Dren. Fayt twined his arms around Dren's neck and pressed their bodies flush together, feeling Dren's arousal against his stomach, spurring his own even further. Awareness flooded through him with the realization, and the power in his veins suddenly thrummed to life with a pulse of its own. Nodding, he pulled out a tunic and breeches, tugging them on quickly, before he finally faced the others. Fayt glanced at himself, and then returned his gaze, startled at the changes he saw. he explained. Shrugging, Fayt tried, focusing on laying a second skin over himself, altering the color of his hair and eyes, as well as making the scales disappear. There were numerous chimes of agreement. Dren sat down beside him, turning so he faced Fayt. Fayt's breath caught. Dren's eyes opened. Fayt leaned forward, pressing his lips against Dren's hard, knowing the man would respond, and he did. Fayt looked at him, sea foam green locking with golden amber. Looking at down at him for a moment, Dren bent and gave the younger man a quick, hard kiss. Fayt sighed, flopping back onto the couch. The knock at the door surprised Fayt again, and he sat up, quickly laying down another glamour before glancing at the door as someone stepped inside. he murmured, taking the tray and setting it on the low table before him. Downing the pink drink, Fayt sat back, the glass cradled between his palms, bottom lip caught between his teeth. What the…? Dren blinked repeatedly as his mind reawakened, confused for a moment before the memory surfaced. With a flourish, Beldrith pulled something from his tunic, dangling the necklace before Dren's eyes. Dren clenched his teeth and squeezed his eyes shut. Fayt murmured something, turning away from the king as he approached. Dren forced himself to take several slow, deep breaths. A groan had both men turning towards the boy on the bed. A firm hand closed around his right arm, squeezing tightly, and making Fayt yelp. But it didn't matter, because Fayt and Dren were mates. Dren closed his eyes tightly, knowing he'd hate himself for this later, but also knowing it was a something he had to do. Fayt's eyes narrowed, fury plain on his face. Dren knew that did it. The backlash swept over him, the energy from Fayt's change sweeping through his, magic racing down his spine and setting his hair on end. Dren watched in horror, knowing there was nothing he could do. With a grin, Beldrith knelt beside the boy. The next moment, Dren was free, his demiform launching itself at the still gloating king. Within moments, the king was dead and Dren released him, forgetting the man the moment he was free of him. Dren didn't stop to think about the consequences as he grabbed the knife on the floor near Fayt and sliced open his right palm, before doing the same to Fayt. Dren's magic poured for him, meeting Fayt's in a wash of golden light as the two magics intertwined and multiplied, building off each other. The connection between them stayed however, even as the magic exhausted itself, retreating back into the two of them. Fayt said with a small smile. So here is my new story! he cursed grabbing the bottle and refilling her glass. she frowned a bit at the mention of her brother but quickly recovered it. Laken grabbed her friend's arm quickly noticing her look. Tenley swore if you go to a bar, plaster on a smirk and flirt some, then slowly slip in the idea of the cherry stem trick you would constantly get free drinks. she flipped her hand at her with a grin. Laken smirked and both girls' shared a look before breaking out into a fit of drunken giggles. he flashed a very bright smile as he took her hand. Jared slowly walking around the two to take a seat beside the pretty girl. she said and he laughed shaking his head. Raine chewed her lip not sure how to answer that. she pointed out and Laken just rolled her eyes. he winked and she laughed. she smiled at the mention of her. he waved and watched her body disappear into the dark building. he asked knowing one of the last text they shared she mentioned going out that night with the friend he heard so much about. she rolled her head to the side to stare out the window into the dark night. She heard him frown before a long pause and it clicking off. As Kira rounded the final corner in her car, she took in the amazing view of all the green, rolling hills and the homestead with a scowl. By this time, she'd driven down from the top of the hill, beeping at horses and cows to get them off the road. She sighed, thinking of all the things she'd be giving up now that she was home, like contact with the outside world. Kira tried to smile but it came out as more of a grimace. He stormed up to her and, once again, Kira's eyes widened. her mum called when she finally made it back to the house. she asked as she grabbed some of Kira's bags. And did she mention that the closest town was a good forty-five minutes away? The inside of the house, unsurprisingly, looked pretty much the same as when she'd left. Her room was pretty much as she'd left it – bare. When Kira was packing to come back here, she'd had no idea what to bring. When she held out her hand, it took a few awkward moments to realise that she was supposed to shake it. No avocadoes? Kira said shortly, her mood plummeting. This wasn't how Kira had planned to spend her summer, especially since summers out here were scorching and the beach was hours away. Normally Kira's mum Anna would've been fine running the horse stud with the help she had, but apparently when Tristan and his father, the farm manager, were using the chainsaw to cut down some trees, one of them had fallen on Tristan. The smile Kira gave him was ten times brighter than the one she'd given to Katrina earlier. A/N: so this is my NaNoWriMo story! weekend. good at this game". you talking about"? the cheer is for me. a minute! silence"? angled to swat it down. A/N: Welcome! How did it get this way, you ask? Here's the reality of the situation. I shout his name into the darkening sky above the treetops, but the only answer I get is a light wind rustling the leaves around me ominously. I've never felt anything like this before in my eighteen years of life; this horrible, nauseating fear of the darkness – the unknown. I spare a tentative glance across from where I sit – eyes narrowing to focus in the dark. Without another moment to spare, I pull myself to exhausted feet and begin a tortuous sprint in the other direction. Finally, my inherited clumsiness dooms me for good. The blood seeping from this wound is making me dizzy, and I glance up to the beast that is steadily making its way towards me. The voice is unexpected and very gruff. I am numb from shock. A light bursts forth through the darkness and I'm momentarily blinded. he snaps to the wolf – like it's normal; like finding a bleeding stranger in the middle of a forest with your pet wolf on a fucking mountain is normal. With the flashlight set down, and my eyes adjusted, I am caught off guard by the man's appearance. he asks, ripping off his jacket, and then proceeding to undress the white cotton shirt underneath. I hiss at the way he's not even bothering to be gentle. I glance nervously to the wolf as it's referenced and as if sensing my gaze, the beast starts growling and snarling in my general direction. Somehow, I can at least gather that much. he mumbles again, taking the rifle from my hand and setting it against the tree. I ask finally through the silence – hoping I'm not losing my mind. Listening to Wyatt's voice emanate from the back of his throat is hypnotizing. I don't have the heart to laugh, but I relax significantly – almost becoming dead weight on Wyatt's back as he continues his journey to get me somewhere safe. he repeats. Hello, KenyakoDivination again with another story of man love. To start, the sun was far too hot today. I was a collector; a man fueled by desire to posses unique and savory treasures from around the world. my servant, William, asked, his excessively bothersome presence making me wish that he would find a corner and become lost for a few hours. William's gaze lingered on me, awaiting a response but I would not yield my answer. What a pathetic man he was, trying to tell me, Lord Kakia, ruler of the Darklore region, to follow his command. I growled, wiping my hand upon William's chest to rid it of the unwanted filth of the man's blood. Nodding obediently, William left my side to distract the portly merchant, while I finally had some quiet time to select a new pet. And yet still, not even a butterfly could satisfy my need for something new, something fresh. Cautiously, I peered into the eclipsing shadow and searched for movement and listened for anything. Such a delectable colour it was, a rich cream not unlike the center of a pastry. It did not turn once the entire time I stood there, making me impatient enough to quickly rap my knuckles against the heavy bars of the door. I heard myself gasp as my eyes widened with amazement. the sweaty vendor said, his heavily fatted hands gripping a long metal pole as he slammed it against the bars. I gaped, watching the trader shove the angel forward until he fell to his knees, the golden colour of his hair gripped roughly by lard laden fingers and jerked upwards to show me his face. the portly ogre said, forcing the angel to stand before me. I ordered, the greedy little imp nodding vehemently as he quickly rushed off, leaving the chains to my property in William's hands. I seethed, grabbing the metal band around his neck and pulled him forward as harshly as I could until our faces were inches apart. he said with a twisted, mirthful tone meant to ridicule and belittle me. the merchant asked, hopping down on his stubby legs before the barred wagon. I watched as the driver, a little rat nosed man, and the merchant grabbed the chains from William's hands and pulled my new angel out of the cage. William said, touching my shoulder softly. Once at the carriage, William quickly opened the door for me, allowing the cooling of the dark cabin to relax my weary mind. I asked, peeling off the top robes damp with my sweat. he said gently, his tall, stalwart frame soon resting against me. I moaned softly, my head falling back against the padded seats while his strong fingers erased tension in my flesh with the help of the cooling solution. he replied, putting the cloth aside for a second until I felt the gentle press of his lips against mine, his tongue quickly going to work to deepen the unusual kiss between the two of us. I said, licking my swollen lips of William's flavor before placing my hands on his shoulders gently. I watched as the verdant fields seemed to flow by like a river of green, the same rich colour as those eyes that still felt as if they corrupted me. Content with this frame of mind, I turned my attention back down to William. William asked, his face still in position if I wished to command more of him. I replied, watching as William found a pillow from an above compartment and placed it gently on the seat. When my eyes opened and my body became aware once again, I could feel the cold of the night try to dig its way into my bones. William quickly shed his coat, the doting servant placing the warm cotton jacket around my shoulders as we walked to the barred wagon. I commanded while the rat-faced man unlocked the door and gathered the chains. I threatened, turning from that spiteful face to avoid looking into those haunting eyes one second more. However, what I truly needed at that moment was a strong drink, something to calm my mind even in this late hour. the servants all announced in unison, their pathetic frames bent in a respectful bow. I ordered roughly, my confidant handing the chains to one of the larger servant Mongrel's before following me. William asked, his soft, smooth voice directing my thoughts away from unpleasant reminiscing. …Lions again? Once looking relaxed yet presentable in the late night, I exited my room only to see William waiting for me. I asked William, my servant shaking his head negatively. I said, entering the room to see his head lop to the side in my direction. I couldn't help but laugh when a large Mongrel grabbed the sassy angel and plunged his head under the water, the chains still attached to his wrist clamoring loudly as he struggled. Smiling into my glass, I heard the angry cries from the angel's lips to cease the torture. he snidely remarked, spitting into the water to rid his mouth of the soap. I heard William suddenly growl through the pounding in my head. he whispered into my ear, his breath hot and sensual against my skin. the angel said softly enough that only I could hear. My head snapped up at those callous words and I made myself ready to scream at him. I struggled against him in vain, his fingers digging into my face much the same way I had done to him earlier in a painful homage to my own cruelty. There was a loud, resounding noise in the bathing chambers that quickly echoed with William's sudden cry. I growled, shoving his hands away. The angel's only response was a pained groan as William gripped the golden mane of the now subdued lion. Yes! I said, watching William pawn the naked, barely conscious beast to the large Mongrel from earlier. questioned William, his hands upon my face in slow, stroking motions as if to rub some hue into my cheeks. I said softly, placing my hand on his chest as I pushed him away softly, not wishing to be embraced by his arms. I couldn't offer William anything further in terms of appreciation or reassurance for my worries, but merely looked at him one final time before I slipped out of the bathing chambers. Disrobing completely, I slid into bed, allowing the silken sheets to caress my naked body. Distantly, through my hazy mind, I heard someone call me, but could not bring myself to wake. It had been a dream, no, a nightmare so vivid I could still feel the angel's hands on me. he suggested, but I would hear nothing of it. Regardless, I could not allow such trivial thoughts to hinder my quest down the long hall to a stone stairwell. At this height, in this more hollow of areas, only the sound of rain could be heard beating against the solid rock of the castle walls. Grumbling at the idea of wasting time with incompetents, I stopped before the tallest door made of the finest wood that Aethelwyne's trees had to offer. Pushing the door open slowly, I held my breath as I entered, my mind swirling with the possible outcomes of the angel being within the room. Blinking away the spots, I turned from the harsh light at the sound of a small chuckle. Growling at such impudence, I walked to the bars and wrapped my hands around them, nearly tempted to break them to pieces in rage. he said scornfully, his seated frame rising to approach the bars. I growled as I tried to focus my attention on something else to rid my face of the shameful hue. Hearing these words I felt my body become rigid with anger and even as far as humiliation that this creature was healing himself from my strength. There was a smirk upon the pale lips of this demon's face, one so forcefully belittling that it wracked my body with fury. I growled, unclasping the latch to the cage as I stepped in, ready to wrap and enslave the mocking creature within. From the dust and debris that still clung to the stale air, I saw the angel approach, looking like some grand warrior ready to strike down his enemy. he said, his hands reaching out quickly to end my life. Rowan didn't give me a chance to reply to such a heinous comment before his hands gripped my arms roughly and I was shoved to the floor before the open window. I bellowed, managing somehow to get my arms free in the hopes that I could push him off. Rowan purred as he brought his face down to mine, allowing me to stare into the jade pools full of such arrogance and…. Rowan said nothing further to me as he grabbed the sash around my waist and began to unfurl it. I begged softly when Rowan dropped his head against my chest and began to lap at the sweat dappled flesh. Rowan murmured against my throat, his breath hot and damp against my jaw as small kisses were trailed along my face. Perhaps it was the hold Rowan had over me or my own body that decided to give in, but whatever it was, the heavy, pleasured moan that fled from the back of my throat was too real to deny. Confused at his meaning, I turned my head towards him only to have Rowan pull me to my knees in one swift, jerking motion. I demanded roughly even in this awkward position. Rowan commanded softly and despite myself I obeyed. I huffed at his request, trying to lift my head to bark an insult at him, only to feel his fingers grasp my hair roughly before he plunged his large organ into my mouth. he teased, his fingers lazily threading through my hair, causing a pleasant shiver to run up my spine. Unsure of what to do, having never done such a thing before, I tried to recall William's technique. I growled out from around him. Rowan grumbled bitterly, removing his fingers from my hair. There was a strange noise that followed my sudden action, perhaps either from Rowan or the surrounding area. The situation had become rather outlandish and almost laughable had anyone been watching. Delighted in the power that finally returned to me both physically and sexually, I coaxed the throbbing arousal further back into my mouth to the point that I was wincing whenever Rowan would unintentionally jerk his hips upwards. Again the sound of broken squeaks met my ears and I turned around, wanting to know what it was. I smirked, sitting up to face him. Years of excavations into brutal territory to retrieve relics for my personal collection, warding off massive beasts to gain exquisite treasures, all these exciting ventures were still not as intense or as gratifying as this moment in my life. Rowan said softly when our lips parted, his fingers tangling further into the now messy stands. I couldn't help but smile inwardly, having never experienced such unique intimacy with another person, and a man of all things. Rowan's body not only looked strong, but felt it. I murmured through our parted lips, but Rowan said nothing else about it, much to my displeasure. With the scent of blood lingering in the air I purred, allowing Rowan to do whatever he pleased. Rowan chuckled, burying his face into the crook of my neck. Rowan's soft words disappeared as his mouth latched on my throat, the heavy, panting breath making my body shudder as it washed over my sensitive flesh. The moment that I allowed my body to relax against the cool stone of the obelisk that Rowan had thrown me on, I abandoned all my misconceptions of this man. he asked, his hand removed from my aching need for the moment as he focused more on my face. I replied, hearing Rowan give a simple, curt laugh at my thievery. Rowan didn't speak a word to me about the sudden tightness of my body, nor did he question if I was alright; he merely leaned in to capture my lips in a torrid kiss. Rowan said softly, his free hand squeezing my thigh for emphasis. Rowan uttered suddenly, catching my attention. Regardless of the Rowan's warning, I still cried out, my voice broken and foreign to my ears as the head of my strange lover's erection impaled me. I cried, my once unharmed orifice unable to totally accommodate the large girth shuddering inside me. I demanded, twisting my leg so that I might kick him in the face and remove him from inside me. he chided as his cooling hand came to rest on my face, and the skilled digits of this beastly angel threaded through my hair, enticing me further. I whispered to him and only him. Nodding sluggishly at this request, I stopped my erratic thought process of pointless questions of the soon and now. Vaguely, through my own cries, I picked up on Rowan moaning heavily into the air, his face splashed softly with red from the exerting work out and his eagerness to lose himself in the feeling. I gasped suddenly, unsure of what had transpired when I felt warmth against my stomach and a satisfying shiver seemed to crawl all over my skin. I growled, unable to look at the other man as he continued to thrust into me, my lower extremities becoming rigid again every time the head of his remarkable length would stab the jangled nerves inside my passage. I said shakily, though I was determined to still my trembling voice. Rowan asked, his finger gripping the soft mounds of my buttocks. I chuckled at his question and the fingers trying to pester my unyielding erection. Smirking at the new development I began to ride Rowan's muscular body with steady, hard downward thrusts, hoping to milk the cruelty right out of him. It was a strange thought indeed, but somehow it fueled my desire to give Rowan the best treatment he could receive. I cried much to the angel's enjoyment; after all, it was Rowan that told me from the moment we began this bizarre sexual encounter that I would scream his name. As if reading my mind, a trait which I was now certain Rowan possessed, he gripped my legs tightly and before I knew it I was on my back again, trembling from the sudden cold. Rowan chuckled when our kiss broke, his fingers tweaking the head of my weeping member. I smirked, intentionally tightening myself around him. As Rowan insistently began forcing me to ride atop him, I placed my hands on his waist to better anchor myself. Originally I had wanted to claim him, to break every part of his mind and body in order to mold him into the perfect slave, but things always have a way of changing. I admitted, my body becoming exhausted and overwhelmed with the sensations. Rowan said softly, his arms winding around my body until once more the cool tile met my back. I cried, my arms wrapped around his neck and my fingers tore into his back with every brutal pierce of Rowan's length. While I gripped forcefully to Rowan, I felt his hands slide over the sides of my body until they came to rest on my waist. However, before it could come to that, Rowan gave an abrupt, feral cry like the untamed creature he was and his pace increased. Neither of us cried out, we merely panted and twitched as the last of our essence spilled forth while we held to each other, ultimately spent. I chuckled, knowing that a life with me will be difficult. Rowan merely gave a quick laugh at my proclamation, but it was soothing enough knowing that this man planned to keep me, and covet me, for himself. Obediently I exited the carriage and held close to Rowan, my beloved mate and fellow king of Aethelwyne. It had been four years since our fated meeting, Rowan's strength and profound intelligence having made Aethelwyne a greater kingdom overnight. Rowan said softly, his lips tantalizingly close to my ear in a hushed whisper. Colton Mathews. I didn't know whether to roll my eyes or chuckle at the charming status on my Facebook page. I sighed as I glanced back towards the screen. We had one particular difference, Colton was popular and I was not. I hauled my ass out of bed, blowing loose strands of hair out of my face as I trailed down the stairs in my black shorts and blue tanktop. Colton said, pointing his finger across the street like I had forgotten. I left after that and went back up to my room. When I was done with my shower, I wrapped a towel around my body and walked back into my bedroom to pick out clothes. I asked, amused. Colton watched me prepare Sophia's birthday dinner for the next 30 minutes. my grandpa stated sternly. She asked sweetly. she reminded me reassuringly, rubbing my arm. His eyes lit up as he reached to grab me. he assured me sarcastically, readjusting himself on my lap with a happy sigh. he reminded me with a smirk. he joked, even though it was most likely the truth. he said hesitantly, causing me to roll my eyes. he muttered like he was bored. he confirmed, giving me a positive look. My best friend confused the fuck out of me sometimes. ball at me! DAMN! "Oh. "Oh. "Dude. smoking. go. to tell, Bryce. okay. Dad. to be here at 6. "Okay. restaurant in town. one. us back there. "Secret. I heard a chuckle on the other end. I angrily said. I laughed as I got up to a sitting position on the floor. Well, first let me introduce myself. As if right on cue, I heard tiny footsteps outside the hallway then a little girl with curly blonde hair appeared in the doorway of my bedroom. My mom, Julie McGuire, and I live alone in our two-floor, average-sized house. That's why Lucas and I are best friends. Chloe said one word at a time while jumping up and down. As I watched them, I heard a beeping noise behind me. In the beginning of the summer, I received a text message from an unknown number. Me: Who are you? Huh. Me: Okay. Unknown: Why don't we just keep my identity a secret? Unknown: Don't freak out or anything. Me: Uhh. Unknown: Uhhmm. So that's how the text messaging began. Me: Fine! Stranger: Okaaay. Me: Cole? Stranger: Woah. Me: Then where the hell did you get 'Cole' from then? Stranger: Calm down woman. So all summer long, we have been text messaging each other and sometimes chatted online. I was slammed back to reality when something soft hit me on the face. Moments later, his fast reply came. Hah. Lucas and Cole took pleasure in disrupting me from my sleep once in a while, since they both knew I'm not really a morning person. Like you don't either. Tsk tsk. Ugh. It's been a month since we started our weird friendship, if I could call it that. Cole, on the other hand, was actually fun to talk to and we had a lot of things in common. Well this is something new. Yes, well. Life wasn't always like this, really. Anyway. I dislike whining, but I feel entitled to it in this case, as I trudged from the restaurant, disheartened and walking aimlessly along the streets. I'm not a spoilt brat, really. To say I was disheartened would be an understatement. While meandering in a funk around town and miraculously not bumping into anyone, I saw them. They were both in a world of their own, and didn't realize I was standing there staring at them like I was a doofus. If there was ever a time for me to bawl and cry about how unfair the world was, this was it. It was a quiet alleyway, but not in a bad, tense way, more of a contemplative setting. Sometimes it's hard taking such advice, though. Next thing I know, unidentified object crashed into me. He asked in Japanese. I replied angrily. He suddenly said, and pushed me towards the wall. His eyes, now that I could see them behind the sunglasses, glinted with amusement. He was tense again, as he heard noises approaching. Oh great. My eyes flickered towards the lane when I heard footsteps, and I saw two photographers holding cameras looking around. He muttered to himself, and picked up his leather jacket. He growled. He replied exasperatingly. He assured me. I informed him, as he dragged me along. He announced, fishing in his pockets for a key, which he unlocked the door with. I asked, looking at the decorative lighting and the expensive roses in place. Mystery man laughed. He flashed another grin at me. I said in amazement as I took in what little I could see of the furniture and the view from the French windows. I heard another man's voice say from the living room. He told me. Mystery man informed them. Mystery man replied. I shook my head. I said haughtily. Mystery man drawled. I said dazedly. After a long hiatus (two years, to be precise! EpilogueKatieGraduation. Do not trip, do not trip. Aunt Becca and the gang, Jimmie, Ryder and Kimmie, Aunt Marie and Mark, much to my happiness, Grams and Gramps. Still doing pretty good with this not tripping thing. My teachers, Mr Burges and his stupid funny ways, Miss Carmichael and her frizzy hair and no nonsense attitude, Mr Philips and his eye brows that I set to flames. Good times. I sometimes think I gave in to easily, I mean I had refused to talk to him one moment and then was letting him kiss me senseless the next. Love. And yes I love Ryan more then I thought possible, I'm still reeling with the fact he has loved me since he was ten. What amazes me though, is not how badly we messed things up, but how quickly we sorted things out. I'm quite proud of my smiley face. My family, my friends. College. I don't know. Are you? . . . . . . Nope, theres a sequal coming up yayyyyyyy! I have a two week course I have to do and it starts tomorrow, so it will be a bit of a wait till I start it and plus I need to go through it all and stuff. bbyluv. Wow that took a while lol. Tata from myself, Katie and the gang. A Cookie For A Kiss . One fine summer day, I decided to look back and read this story. Why is it that the girl is always the one who needs help anyway? I believed in being yourself despite what others might think about you. He is also a friend of mine. We hanged out a lot together after school. However, in school, he wouldn't even glance at me. But just for the record, I couldn't give damn about what his friends thought about me. I swear to god that I don't. He walked past me and grabbed the remote off the table. He knew me well enough to know that nobody should ever turn off my show while I'm watching it. Okay, maybe I had been lying when I said I didn't like him all this time. A police siren wailed down the street, astoundingly loud in my empty apartment. Outside, the sun had finally set. The fish salesmen didn't close up until well after midnight. Three days in my new place, and boxes still littered the living room and bedroom. However, when I paused to compare them, my new home wasn't very pleasant either. Three in the morning, and my eyes shot open. Next came the anger, as it became blaringly obviously what had awoken me. To make matters worse, it was the neighbor that always pounded on the wall when I watched TV or listened to the radio, not at such an ungodly hour. The slap of my feet against the warm concrete outside my apartment was disturbing, so I walked a little slower. It took a moment, but the door swung open and I felt all anger and determination drain from my body. The newcomer would be best described as  Everything about him seemed dark. Ruben shrugged when my eyes darted to him, as if it was the most casual thing in the world to have a drink with strangers at three in the morning. The apartment was cold and I immediately shivered as the door slammed shut behind me. Elliot said to his friend with arched brows. Ruben drawled in a tone that didn't convey a drop of anger. I wanted to escape, and I did just that. Morning came with a vengeance. My job as Silvia Rookstool's man-slave wasn't glorious, but it had perks. Rookstool surrounded herself with tall, young male employees. Before I could even blink, one was extended toward me. Ruben extracted another cigarette and pushed it between his lips. K.R. Winston. Pathetic. She rolled her head to the side, watching whatever the character's name was in this romance movie profess his love for the female character. She sighed. She scoffed. It had been eight months this time. She let out a long sigh. She took a long slow breath and turned back to the television. The buzzing of her cell phone against the table caught her attention and she picked it up. he asked and she could almost see the sarcastic grin spread across his face. He dropped the bags he was holding and held his arms out. He smiled shyly, running a palm across the back of his neck. Riley laughed, leading him to the car and putting his bags in the back. An hour later Riley was picking at what was left of her fries as James nursed his third free beer. She smiled now, fiddling with the label on her own beer bottle, tearing it slowly and peeling it off in pieces. James nodded slowly. He sighed. He leaned back, studying her carefully before shrugging. Riley didn't laugh. She couldn't even speak. His voice was soft and she turned toward him slowly, tears now falling. James pulled her up from her chair and walked her to the door. He ran a palm across the back of his neck and sighed again. he defended, turning towards her and fixing her with his 'serious stare'. She laughed at that. James added and Riley smiled at that too. That was something else she loved, listening to him play. she mumbled. He shrugged. She nodded and they sat in silence for a while. She smiled. She gave him a light smile. She moved across the couch, curling herself into his side and he wrapped his arms around her. He pulled back from her and took both of her hands in his own. he said without opening his eyes. In what felt like no time at all she was standing in the airport, Jamie by her side. James smiled lightly. Riley nodded. She pulled his head back and melded her lips against his. He leaned forward, pressing his forehead against hers. She smiled down at him, tears falling across her cheeks. She closed her eyes. He sighed, pulling her against him and kissing the top of her head. The rest of the flight, for Riley at least, was filled mostly with restless sleep. He chuckled, sending her a playful glare. Riley shook her head at him, laughing softly under her breath. From the smile spreading across James's face she gathered that his mother was more than happy that he'd called. Riley frowned. Jamie parked the car, turning to watch Riley fidget nervously in her seat. Maggie Weston was nothing short of an aging beauty. They climbed out of the car seconds before Maggie reached her eldest son, throwing her arms around him. Riley threw a glance at James over her shoulder. Maggie led her through the entryway and into the large kitchen at the back of the house. James smiled, kissing his grandmother's cheek and moving to place a hand on the small of Riley's back, leading her out of the room and towards the stairs. He shook his head. She smiled. She sighed, giving a hesitant smile and nodded, moving off the door frame and making her way into the room she'd be staying in, next to Abby's and across the hall from Jax's. After a good chunk of unpacking she sat heavily down on her bed and looked around the room. Abby smiled back, pulling her into another hug and quickly looking over her shoulder at James coming down the stairs, chuckling at the pair of girls embracing. Riley sighed, leaning back and explaining the story to Abigail with as much detail as she could come up with. Riley finished, leaning back into the couch pillows, closing her eyes and waiting for Abby to comment. Riley felt the panic build up in her chest and let out a heavy breath, biting her bottom lip. He was beautiful, His body leaned against the wall comfortably. she mumbled. Riley winced at the familiar nickname and took a sharp breath, standing. Jax, gave a slow, single nod. Riley sighed, pulling back from James slightly. Jax sighed, shrugging lightly. Jax smiled, nodding. Jax winced lightly, biting his bottom lip and finally catching Riley's eye. Riley averted her gaze and took long slow breaths to keep herself from becoming physically ill. the blonde muttered. She asked, turning back to James as she looped herself into Jax again. Jessica muttered. Jax's eyes met Riley's for a moment and then turned his attention to his girlfriend. Abby stood awkwardly behind Riley as James left the room. Riley closed her eyes, mentally willing the tears to pull themselves back into her eyes. Riley murmured and Abby moved to stand in front of the other girl, grasping her by the arms and watching her eyes. Riley tipped her head and shrugged. Jax shook his head. She ran her fingers up through her hair. She nodded. She took a breath. They stood in silence after that. He tipped his head to the side as if in agreement and turned to leave the room. Riley fell to her knees in sobs, hearing Jax's footsteps on the stairs a few moments later. Jax stumbled up the steps. He sat down heavily on his bed, putting his head in his hands. He couldn't think now. Jax turned, an arm snaking around Jessica's waist and pulling her to lay underneath him, his body pressed firmly into hers. First week back at school and it is already turning into a mess. There are stories that circulate frequently about the school, as gossip does have a habit of doing, that Riordan does get drunk at parties. So, I'm Evelyn. Same wasn't too happy about the subject of my article this week, seeing as she has a crush on Riordan. WARNING: okay, about the entire first half - two-thirds of this story piss me off. Oh, man, you could so totally tell she wrote that piece of crap. So after she pressed the repeat button for the millionth time, I got up, grabbed the stupid thing, held it under her chunky nose, and after telling her just what I thought about her sick and twisted version of mating calls, I threw it out the window. In other words, pissing her off wasn't one of my brightest moments. Then the bell rang, and it pulled me out of my trance, hers too apparently, considering she tried to grab me as I jumped over the desks, grabbed my bag, and tore out of the classroom like a demon was on my heals. I was successfully dodging all the teens crowding up the halls, being small does have its advantages. Dazed, I started falling to the ground, then arms caught and steadied me. I mumbled while staring at the ground. Then a hand grabbed my shoulders and started spinning me around. Vanessa fairly barked out the words between huge pants. Instead of letting go, he only gripped me tighter, and glared down into Vanessa's scary black eyes. Vanessa said in her most scary, psycho bitch voice. Vanessa had had enough apparently of his refusal to move and she shoved him back. Vanessa taunted him while she drew her fist back and then shot it forward, punching me in the ribs. Ash halted in his tracks, and studiously paid no attention to her 'lover boy,' comment. My eyes were squeezed shut, so I didn't even see the next blow coming, therefore I wasn't prepared for the pain that flared in my head. Mr. McCarthy, our principle, was the speaker, and he looked pissed. Okay, what did you think? was so hot. the hour. . wait, I get it! . that's right. wasn't. moi, he couldn't leave either. as a senior for one more day. money (I had). . read this. "I. faltered for a moment. you dirtied the cover. appropriate threat. mentioned the freckles! ground about twenty feet below. awfully high. safe. genius? . Uh-oh. not going to throw you. ". allergic to strawberries. Jace Reynold's smile didn't falter. But he wasn't going to give up that easily. He eyed her carefully for her reaction. Aylee shrugged the arm off her shoulder and proceeded to speed walk to her second period class. She entered her second period class with Jace right behind her. Jace yawned slightly, feeling sleeping. He was just about to fall asleep when he caught sight of something. Jace said to Aylee with a grin on his face. Aylee bounced out of her seat and ran out of the door. He was sure the girl liked him. Aylee was plotting an escape but before her feet could even move, Jace took another step forward. Aylee shifted slightly and darted her eyes left and right. Aylee didn't kiss him back. He was going to make this girl his. Jace could hardly believe in himself. Jace felt a tinge of upset when he saw that he wasn't making her nervous like he did earlier today. Knowing that he wasn't going to leave unless she accepted the flowers, she threw him a quick 'thank you' before gently taking the flowers out of his hands. Aylee said, moving her gaze onto her notebook that was out laid in front of her. She blushed when he sent a playful wink her way. Jace picked up a small pebble he found and prayed to the people above that that window belonged to Aylee's room. Aylee pushed her sliding doors open and stepped onto the balcony. Jace imagined this moment a hundred times before he slept yesterday. For a long while, Jace just starred at the balcony. He failed. Author's Note: Yeees. Right then, right there, I was going to tell him every stinking bottled up emotion I'd had for the past three years. Okay, so maybe I wasn't. But the prom was coming up. Nope, he would respond, the corners of his lips curling up in that way that has made my heart flip over in my chest for who knows how long. Oh? Well how about me? It was spectacular. And if it wasn't perfect, the most perfect thing was that if he didn't look as excited as I'd hoped, I could always cover myself up with the just friends speal. Maybe I should have wondered why he hadn't figured it out, but I honestly wasn't obvious. I guess I'd always just gotten the feeling she'd never tell anyone. I breathed in deeply (though not too deeply—Jess and I were in the school bathroom, her touching up my hair and makeup), trying to compose myself. I repeated. When I saw him, sure my heart got flip-floppy. Larry waggled his eyebrows. I laughed a little bit, mainly because of the expression of utter surprise on Larry's face. He didn't get to finish, though, because the teacher walked in, huffing about something. Both Charlie and my hands flew to our mouths so she couldn't tell we were laughing so hard we couldn't breathe. I shrugged, but inside I was running around and dancing a million miles a minute. Nearly half a month had passed, and plans were still strong. I said. I'd actually had one other offer since then, since Charlie and I hadn't made a big show of it. Larry and I were sitting with some other student council people at lunch as usual, joking around about the theme of the dance (James Bond—get it? I demanded. I said, trying to look… well, anything besides completely crushed. I almost snapped—but refrained. I demanded. When I got home I went straight up to my room, ignoring my mom as she asked me how my day was. All I did was get really cold, and wash all of my hairspray out. What was wrong with me? What did Katie have that I didn't? Who was I kidding? There had to be something I could do to make him like me. Okay no. I said. It was, though. he said, but not in an unfriendly way, and hung up. I'm not even sure you could call it a hug. I thought about it for a moment, wanting my response to be as sincere as his was (or at least sounded). he said simply. He thought for a minute. I never would have thought that I could have had fun helping setting up a guy I liked and someone else. All of the sandbags were in his trunk and backseat cleverly (ahem) concealed under a blanket. When Katie saw it that Monday, she'd stopped in her tracks and dropped both her jaw and everything she was carrying. In all honesty, I had an amazing time. He snorted and somehow managed to look like he was laughing but in deep thought at the same time. I demanded. Uh. So. NOTE: I would like to take this time to mention that the ending is SUPPOSED to be. Ah, midnight. I was surprised she didn't add a slap across my face for good measure. Even though I was eighteen, I only had a part time job as a coffee barista at Starbucks. Without a word, I turned and began collecting all that I needed. my mother slurred as she continued ranting at the back of my head as I went through the hall. was all I said. Walking through the yellow lawn of my mother's front yard was a strange experience. I gradually arrived to a public park that was nearby. Sitting on a wooden bench during a cold desert night was the perfect reality check. I had no friends I could ask for help. The sound of rustling grass and slow footsteps jolted me out of my thoughts. A voice greeted me from behind. I wondered what he wanted. I didn't touch his hand. I was alone again. It was a horrible feeling, waiting for the sun to rise. I turned to see him in a different set of clothes. I became suspicious again, and took a step back. Walker had some sweat dripping down his forehead, soaking into his damp blonde hair. Walker took a seat on a bench and dumped a bag's contents onto his lap. I turned to see that a few cars were driving by. Imagine my ears growing thrice their size when hearing that. Walker handed me the cheap GoPhone, and I held down the button. He was interrupted with Lucy's screams. I called out to him and continued. I'm a sucker for sob stories. Walker was wearing me down. The bus ride with Walker had been a funny adventure. The woman nodded and remained silent for the rest of the ride. We finally arrived to a small cluster of apartment complexes. I admitted as we got off the bus. The idea of uncooked fish made my stomach uneven and the back of my throat throb in disgust. I was beginning to fall in love with the place. Walker was making a one sided conversation about Lucy, and the more he spoke of her, the more fascinating she became. The condo was on the seventh floor. I could see she was exhausted. It was a spacious and was kept very clean. Hey everyone! She was staring out the window in a daze, eyes half-lidded with exhaustion. Hannah grumbled and crossed her arms over her chest. Hannah and I had nothing in common. I tucked a piece of hair behind my ear, and my fingers casually brushed over the cold plastic of my hearing aids. Whether or not I could hear, diminutively, the sight of my hearing aids caused people to act differently. When I was younger, my mom took me to the park. I hugged the school's booklet close to my chest, fingering the edge of the letter that stuck out from between its pages. It reminded me of a medieval castle with tall towers and thick walls made of stone. My eyes strayed to the dashboard and I watched the numbers on the milometer scroll higher. I scrunched my eyebrows in confusion. Mom eyed the two of us curiously. She pulled it away and flipped it open. Hannah sank further into the seat and narrowed her eyes grudgingly. I raised my eyebrows at the old hag in shock. Mom growled and shook her head. She slammed the door behind her and Hannah groaned. I studied the screen. When the gas began to flow, I sighed and leaned against the side of the car. It was hot, almost unbearable. It was a young boy around my age, eighteen at most. he muttered after a moment, smile faltering as he realized I probably wasn't about to say hi back. I swallowed. Say something! I wiped the sweat accumulating on my forehead, and looked back up at him, shocked to see a pleasant smile return to his face. He smiled meekly and looked down at his worn out Adidas Millenniums, scuffing them against the blacktop. I spluttered incoherent sounds in my search to comprehend what he was talking about. Although relief flooded through me after he clarified his intentions, I felt slightly disappointed. He shook his head slowly in humiliation. …Jump-start his car? I stepped forward to follow him and, being the clumsy person I am, tripped over the hose. I looked back over at the boy. What? I looked over at the boy fiddling now with his engine. She ushered me back toward the car and I bit my tongue. **First off, thank you for reading my manuscript! Emily bit her lip. The small heels of her kid leather boots made no sound against the plush carpet as she inched back toward the open door of a vacant guest suite. It was true. He lunged at Emily, hands outstretched. Emily almost didn't hear the feminine gasp through the pounding in her ears. Abruptly, Emily was let go. Without a thought, Emily shoved the man with all her strength. Emily grinned, elated that she had hit a journalistic jackpot. Usually everything she revealed was complimentary, but after being assaulted by the man, she had been so upset by her experience that she did something she had never done before– she revealed her subject in a negative light. Her editor had praised her to the skies for her work on the piece, and insisted that her next one be just as sensational. Emily's unfocused gaze tracked the circular motions of her wooden spoon as she stood in front of the iron stove stirring dinner in a large pot. Florence said, quite obviously not understanding a word of Emily's impassioned speech. A man with an ugly scar running down his weathered cheek that was ill-concealed by his beard slapped Jonathan heartily on the back. Jonathan studied him through the clear liquor he brought to his lips. Jonathan ran his fingers through his dark hair, trying to make it even messier than it had been. As Stevenson sat back with his drink and scrutinized him, he realized that this man, the leader of sorts of this small group of bruisers, was definitely not as drunk as he appeared to be. It could be dangerous, but anticipation of the rich rewards that would result from his masquerade fueled his ambition to see his plan through. The alcohol in his drink burned his lips and tongue as he watched the men around him closely. The room is almost pitch black. escapes her perfect lips as his tongue slowly slips inside of her. Stop! Her perfectly manicured hand trails down his chest giving him tingles as she takes him in her hand. He won't ever say it. Please don't leave me. She really just wanted to stay in bed the rest of the day. He has to restrain since in life they aren't right. The tear that slipped out of her eye was also not a surprise when she rolls over seeing the perfect folded flower he left on the night stand. Her jeans were snug along her body, they were her favorite pair. Tayla really hated Friday's. She thought about texting him this morning but decided not to only because she didn't know where he was, who he was with and getting caught is just out of questioned. Deep, sharp breaths inhaled through his lungs as he stopped running. Punishment. Easton tried to lie say he was running that's why he came in at almost 5 that morning but his father saw past it. Two miles wasn't that bad of a run. Hell no almost about it, it did hurt. Walking into the school the crowds of people turned to look at him which wasn't shocking. While in the locker room he showered quickly. Easton heard his dad order and it made his eyes roll. Tori sounded almost exhausted as she fixed up dinner. He mocked making her smile. she rounded the corner of the kitchen to see the very own Easton Wells standing in the kitchen. When he turned to look at her he quickly notice her beauty. That was seven months ago. Tayla Reagan completely embodied his thoughts and soon he couldn't take it. Standing in his kitchen after his workout he watched her. she mumbled before it registering he was actually talking to her. She just sat studying him for a second why was he talking to her? She lied terrible and he just again chuckled as they started to go over her questions. He said locking his icy blue eyes on hers before reaching up and brushing a strand of hair back that fell across her perfect porcelain face. He mumbles half listening to whatever she was saying as he shut his locker and leaned up against it. He was too busy focusing on the entrance as it swung open and she entered. He saw as she nodded to whatever Blane was saying but clearly not listening and when she glanced up to look at him her eyes widen clearly noticing his lip. My name is Giada. It was a couple of months ago, when the school started. My best friend is the typical Californian girl: blonde, blue eyes, atheltic, fanatic of surfing and get tanned on the beach. My parents are less rich, for sure, but we have a nice house with a view to the beach as well. Lana is crazy about boys. More bad news? But I got carried away. »Dalila is giving it at her house, and she invited the whole class. »Maybe I don't want to go, didn't you think about it? »What? »You guess? »Giada, don't get angry. »And what makes you think that I want now? Still guessing why do I hate high school? First day of class. »If I was a mafia boy, she would be my mafia girl. »Dear class. »But. »Yes, Samantha. »You have to wait outside the classroom, and I'll call you one by one. »I hope you like this idea, Giada. »Yeah, sure. »Giada, you'll be writing love letters to Mike Langdon« I nodded, quite relieved. I left the class, intrigued. »I can't believe my bad luck. »I don't want to hear anything, Lana. Write a message every day(2 lines), and leave it in the mailbox of my office. I sighed, and looked at the TV. Was it too cheesy? It's been forever since I've written anything here. Brandon muttered under his breath as he vigorously erased the math problem, leaving a grey smudge on his paper. With the focus away from him, Brandon slouched down in his chair, feeling dumb as everyone else in the class all answered correctly when they were called on. Mrs. Hanson said some more reassuring comments, but Brandon wasn't really paying attention. Brandon was openly gay at his school. Yeah, Brandon's last boyfriend…his name was Dylan and he was exactly everything Brandon thought he was looking for. Even with the cheating, Brandon found it almost impossible to leave Dylan. Tyler led Brandon through the library doors and over to a guy who was reading at one of the tables. The guy, Matt, looked up and Brandon was met with a pair of pretty green eyes, framed by long, eyelashes. Matt's smile widened. Actually, Tyler was really attractive, but in an understated way, like he wasn't ever even trying. While Tyler was good-looking, Brandon wasn't interested in him that way. Six o'clock came around faster than Brandon expected. Brandon had lived in the same house his whole life. It was true. Matt was a very good teacher. Brandon nodded and led Matt to the kitchen. Brandon was a little embarrassed. Matt smiled at that. He stared at his reflection in the mirror. He sighed angrily to himself. Brandon saw Matt in the halfway a couple times and waved at him. The day was like any other except for one big change. Tyler outright burst into laughter. Matt went over to her and began to pet her. Lemon just curled further in his lap, seemingly content. she grinned. The next day was another day, similar to the one before. He kept his excitement down until after class. Brandon's jaw almost dropped at the flirtatiousness of that one sentence. he cooed, scratching her ear. The movie ended sooner than Brandon was ready for. The next day was normal, until lunch. His eyebrows threatened to reach his hairline. Just then, Matt approached. I anticipated those words, the perfect counter to my objection. He told me, I tightly gripped the seatbelt, he's breaking off five months of a relationship because I won't have sex with him. A cold wind rushed into my room as my surroundings twisted, I screamed feeling my body spiral into the darkness, until it ended with my face in a pile of. I struggled to push off the ground feeling the sun's blare,  I slowly brought my hand to my mouth, where am I? I muttered, brushing the snow off my legs, what just happened? The cab driver had told me that the weather was always sunny here. I glanced back at the cab as it sped off; I watched it until it lined with the trees of a nearby forest. Eventually, I picked up my two bags. I made a move to press the doorbell, but hesitated and dug my fingers into the pocket of my jeans. I rang the doorbell and waited, slipping my hands behind my back as I did so. The door slowly creaked open, but only by a few centimetres. I wavered and stood in my place, put off. So here I was. The door opened, wide and with an air-like whoosh. Her smile stretched out until it looked almost strained. I bit my tongue from saying that I basically already had. I knew that. The upstairs was interesting. she softly called through the wood. I slowly nodded, then remembered my manners. Ella explained to me with a tone of polite laughter. Lyre walked into the livingroom and watched me with those odd eyes of his. He shrugged, then giggled a little. he gritted out. I started and peered up at him from under a few strands of chocolate brown hair that had fallen in a curtain over my face. He grinned. I gathered up my materials and shoved them back in one of the bags that Ella had helped me carry in. I set the bag on the carpet and sat down on my new bed. The room was small, cold, different. I heard the doorbell ring. He was. His appearance was dark, with pure black hair and clouded green eyes that I could see even from here. Ella opened the door. Marvellous cookies. I wasn't sure how long I could put up with her. I didn't even have to ask him what he was doing. I eyed Anjelica outside my classroom, she waited for me as usual. I stood up from my chair and headed out. Anjelica said. Anjelica stuck her pierced tongue out and tugged at my arm, taking hold of it tightly. she said. I said. Anjelica said. I nodded and pursed my lips. I looked ahead and forgot about Sara. I started to hum a great song, Green Day's Good Riddance. I whispered, looking at Sara. I did nothing, nothing at all; not even looking away pretending to be impatient for the green light. I glanced one last time at Sara. Summary: Waverly is a passionate, strong willed kind of woman. This new world she's found herself in is full of beauty though, and she can feel it calling out to her heart. It's not like soulmates are a real thing anyway. Music had always had power over her. It was fate. So she traded in her instrument for dancer's costumes. Waverly had the body made for dancing. She studied music because, for every style of music, there was a correlating style of dance. The one she excelled at most were sensual dances. Waverly had long, flowing black hair and stunning green eyes. The closest man in her life was her gay dance partner. Her partner, Cid, was bigger than the average dancer. Often, Cid wore black. She was stretching in the elaborate affair behind the stage at the moment. Cid was beside her, doing the same without the music. He laughed along with her as she walked away. This was a state competition. Then, after this, she was going to retire from competition. There were two girls' bathrooms on premises. That one had one girl in it who had the same thought as her. When she finished her business, she went to the small mirror to check her makeup. Which she had. She shook her head and reminded herself to eat something after her dance. The knob turned a little too easily in her hands and Waverly had a moment of confusion before it popped right off. Cursing and picking up the ends of her skirt so it wouldn't get wet, Waverly backed away and tried to think of who she should call in this situation. Where was that coming from? The water spreading out over the floor seemed to shimmer for a moment. That looked like. Right. What was that? Waverly didn't find maintenance but she did find a custodian. After that, she went off to find Cid. She knew she was seeing things. An overworked mind, that's all this was. Once she had that squared away and neatly explained she could laugh at herself for her silliness. She could tell that he wanted to lecture her more. That was the most descriptive word Waverly could give to it. Even when she was dancing for competition, there was no nerves for her. But while she was dancing, while her body moved and felt and showed the world a part of herself that she could never communicate without it, she was whole. At some point in the dance, and she was never exactly sure when it was, her eyes would drift shut and she would be lost to that ether. It was a hard thing to describe, and impossible to understand if you couldn't feel it. The mambo they were performing today had been carefully crafted and perfected over the last few months. She didn't consider herself an attention hog. When she was dancing, Waverly felt alive. Her eyelids opened as the crowd cheered loudly. They held the pose for a beat longer before Cid released his hold on her waist. She and Cid were one in ways that she had never been with another man. Waverly was beautiful. However, her body, the way she moved, she was beauty in motion. As the two of them walked off together, Cid was sure he heard men call out to her. That was a big reason she had chosen him as her partner. Cid was convinced after two years of being her partner that Waverly wasn't for any one man. Waverly and Cid returned to their bags backstage. Waverly put her headphones back in as she began changing out of her costume. After she changed, she sat back against the wall to let her body finish cooling off. She pulled a fresh bottle of water from her bag as some other dancers passed. No matter how much she practiced, no matter how great the end result was, she always felt that she could do better. Waverly's eyes that had been drifting shut snapped open again. The voice was crystal clear, even over the base and strings. Waverly screamed and threw the bottle away. blocked the way. every day. at her cuts. ** Well. or two, so updates will be coming soon. Kayla". started. myself. smile. like adding and subtracting. over school. She hushes them for fear of being overheard. Not that her crush on him isn't embarrassing enough. She recognizes her chances. Their real first date is an utter disaster in the way that only first dates can be. He has already told her that they are going to dinner and then the theater – on the kind of adult date that makes her giggle just thinking about it – but he forgets to mention that he has in mind a Greek restaurant. On the way to their show, they find the one minuscule nail on the road. The two of them sit in somewhat awkward silence until she can't keep her mouth closed anyone. On their second date, they go to Steak n' Shake and the new Ben Affleck movie. He knew when they got married that she didn't like cooking. CRASH. He crosses the room in moments, wrapping his arms around her because he knows that's what she needs. he says. Through the flurry of introductions and jokes about a test later and the occasional cracks about his accent from people who have the least room to talk about accents, he gathers that Rachel has never brought a guy home to a larger family gathering. Her friends sometimes jokingly ask her who wears the pants in their relationship. Sure, he doesn't know how to change a tire or work on a car, but she would be absolutely lost if he didn't do the majority of the cooking. The truth is she prefers them equal. She doesn't question him when he tells her he needs to stop by a site for a few minutes. That confusion peaks when he gets down on one knee in front of her. She stares at him for a moment in utter shock before grinning. She isn't at her apartment, and she isn't answering her phone. He grunts a thank you before taking the stairs two at a time. For all that he loves them equally though, there is something about their youngest that he has a hard time saying no to. He has learned that the best option is to tell her to ask her mother. she teases. he replies, grinning as he tries to look around her. Instead of snapping, he just gives a terse nod and storms off. She smiles weakly at him. It isn't the dates that she loves. Mostly, she loves them because they show how well he knows her. Simply, those moments show how much he loves her more than any words ever could. he asks, obviously confused. she groans, covering her face with her hands. He laughs, which makes her feel a little better. She feels like she has spent more time with him than anyone else on the trip during the past six weeks, but he still hasn't said anything. She has considered that maybe he does recognize that she might have more than slight feelings for him and has just chosen to ignore it. She laughs, shaking her head. Her best friend hates him, and he can't figure out why. But he knows it isn't that simple. He wants to know where she gets off, accusing him of hurting her. At first, she thinks it might just be because she's been spending so much time with him. Rachel blinks because the truth is she has never really considered it. she asks. he said simply. He stops mid sentence, staring at her in surprise with his mouth open. She loves debating things with him. Sometimes, he doesn't realize what he's doing. Sometimes she wonders how all of this happened so quickly, particularly when all of the wedding plans begin to pile up. It is just so unbelievable that she sometimes has problems wrapping her mind around it. The look on her parents' faces when she tells them that they are engaged confirms it. She doesn't want to bring her worries up to Ethan. he asks. She thinks it's a little much to think about shaving her legs or putting on makeup when she only had four hours of sleep the night before because the crying of the baby led to the sniffling of the toddler. But sometimes it would be nice to just sleep for an entire night. Before she can even think about moving though, she feels a kiss against her forehead. She smiles as she settles in to fall asleep again. He laughs, but he remembers it when they start dating. And it does. After a few moments, she takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly. He shakes his head, bewildered. She can't help being a little excited when she checks her ticket and sees that she's sitting next to him. Ethan-the-grad-student gives her an uncertain look. he finishes. She opens her mouth, ready to blow his mind with her brilliance, and immediately closes it again. Seven hours later, both of them leave the plane in bemused fascination with the other. All she wants to do is put her head on his shoulder and have a good cry. As much as she wants to, she can't blame him. All she can think about is how young they are. It is slightly bewildering at first. Until, of course, she smiles at him, and then he feels lost all over again. Speaking of story, would you like to see more Rachel and Ethan? I was eating a bag of gumdrops the first time I saw him. I looked up to see if anyone had heard. Amused mercury colored eyes gazed at me, and I found that I couldn't look away. The boy smirked at me now. I had never been the type of girl to back down from a challenge. Oh, I answered alright. AN: So this is a sequel to 10 Reason I Hate Drew Hartner. Hey everyone! I think that about covers it. The man who asked the question looked at the man in front of him with an incredulous look on his face. Maxwell leaned back in larger chair, and placed his thumb and forefinger on his chin, deep in thought. Maxwell sighed, looking almost helpless at the papers on his perfectly polished desk. Jethro grinned at him, the grin that wooed women onscreen and off-screen, whether the woman was fourteen years old or eighty years old. Kent sits at his desk, just like he has been all day. Kent smiles at the thought of her. Snapping out of his trance, Kent checks the clock. It's inconceivable how she won't, for it'll be the product of hours of hard work and thinking. Kent refocuses on the list. Looking down at the paper, he notices that it's still blank. When he's finished, he gives it a good long look. Leyton's house isn't far away. He's planned out this night for a week. The thought of it scares him, though, and he has absolutely no idea why. Kent looks down at the rose and list. What was he thinking, that he deserved someone as amazing as Leyton? With a bitter laugh, Kent flings the rose and list on the ground and makes his retreat back into his car. Leyton's been up all night, tossing and turning in her bed. Leyton has insomnia, a fact that's strictly in her family. But after two months of not being able to sleep regularly, Leyton's mom took her to the doctor. But today is an exception. Her friends think that his  on her is sweet, but Leyton knows better. Leyton was so lost in thought that she hadn't noticed that Kent had left until much later. Leyton tries to avert her gaze, but she can't seem to tear her eyes away. She walks quietly to her closet and pulls out something from the very back. Flinging the ladder over the railing of her balcony, Leyton makes sure that it's secure and firm. Once she's back inside, she drops the envelope and rose on her desk. As she rips the envelope open, she can barely wait to see what it holds. He feels like shit. Kent winces. It's too late for regrets now, though. Kent groans. The warm blankets are ripped off him. His mother is holding an envelope and looks at him. The second she's gone, Kent looks at the envelope. Come outside. Those are the first words that leave Leyton's lips. With that one remark, she has him. Her laugh sounds like the tinkling of bells. he asks. She's leaned against her car, and it's just too easy. When she doesn't reply, he continues. Kent raises his eyebrows. Leyton says childishly. he points out. This is my first one-shot, so I'm still just testing the waters. Shortly, I contemplated just holding the tap and placing my head underneath the spray, hold my breath for a few seconds, and shock some sort of awareness in me. Cheap paper towel to my face, I tried to dry my face as well as possible without scrubbing it pink. I let out a breath. So, sucking it up, I opened my eyes and stared at my reflection. Checking my watch and noting that I did nothing but bemoan for the past four minutes, I decided that it was probably time to get back to class. If the teacher were to worry. And, if the school called my father, he'd be forced to actually talk to me. But then again, he could always just skip out on the paternal duties and just refuse to. I narrowed my eyes at my reflection and copied my father's facial expressions whenever he spoke to me. Okay. I tossed my trash, brushed my clothes off from habit, and then started out. I slid back into my seat with no problem, none at all, picked up my pencil, and then stared at the blank piece of paper in front of me. But. My teacher was one of those small, older ladies. She placed a hand on the desk, edging towards the upper left-hand corner of my nonexistent essay. I looked up at her, noticing how her mouth was pulled back in a not-quite-frown-not-quite-grimace. . It was Spencer Danielson. my eyes. when I was fifteen, Dad lost his job. feed me. I mean seriously, this was ridiculous. I tied my hair up with an elastic band as I peered through the booths, no longer really expecting to see anyone I knew. Oh yes. I looked up to see that the huge bear had apparently wandered over to me, still holding onto his balloons, and was standing a couple feet away. The unexpected compliment threw me and I raised my hand to my face before I could stop it. Whatever he said next was lost on me because over his shoulder I spotted the girls that I had come with. said the tallest blonde. I muttered darkly, only loud enough for the bear guy to hear. This particularly bitchy comment came from the smaller brunette who had said she'd liked my shoes when she met me. I had never been too comfortable with guys. As we'd talked I had pictured a guy with brown hair bordering on dark blonde with freckles and a wide smile. The squeal brought me back to the situation at hand. There didn't seem to be a foreseeable end to her gushing but I wasn't really listening. he said. I didn't hit him that hard but he emitted an obligatory 'ouch' in order to make me feel better. A/N: Hurrah! Baby, I've got a little crush on you-It's terrifying to take that leap, to tell someone how you really feel. To say that Eric was popular would be an understatement. I turned to look at him. I used to like him because he was always there to help me during art club. I knew that I should run. I had my head propped on my hands as I struggled to keep my eyes open. Good god. That ought to do it. Story: Where, oh Where is Prince Charming? Then in second grade there was Larry  Hemp. In sixth grade, I had my first real crush. Seventh grade brought me Karl Saviors. Eight grade I had two. Now to high school. Tenth grade rolls around and I decide to just date, not have anything serious with anyone. Now I'm a junior. I lift my arm up and my hand searches for the snooze button. Urgh! he yells and runs downstairs. Hmm. Eric stops attacking his plate for a few moments and gives Jake their  handshake. I glance down. I look into the mirror examining myself. he says and we walk to his car. It's no secret that Jake was a player. He doesn't say anything after that. I take a moment to look at him. I give him a face, grab my stuff and open the door. she suggested. She said laughing. I knew what he wanted. A/N: Hey! was written to order as a Christmas present, for two friends who requested that I write them an erotic futuristic romance. Anyway, the point of this note is just a heads-up; since the brief was , there is a lot of reasonably explicit sex (both gay and straight couples), all the way through apart from this prologue, as well as some fairly strong language. Thank you very much for reading. Hoping you enjoy the ride. A young girl of around ten or eleven, with curly black hair and violet eyes, leaned against the arm of the man who was with her. The buzz in the auditorium was astonishing; the excited hum of conversation had begun the second they showed their first prototypes; Miranda and Jim had been besieged with people. I stood in the subway underneath the streets of Chicago. There were a lot of people on the subway. Before I could take a step, I felt a hand grab my free one, and I jumped. When he said 'please', it caught my attention. The train slowed, and he shoved me outside with the rest of the crowd. Pulling the coat closer over my head, he leaned over and kissed me. For a few moments I simply stood on the platform and stared, holding the jacket tightly around me. With a sigh, I headed back to my apartment. The coffee pot was bubbling, and I glanced over at the chair in the kitchen to see the beige coat. Who was he? The kiss, however, confused me. It was the early morning, but the rain was still going. Turning my head, I found myself staring into the same pair of blue eyes of the man who kissed me and left his coat with me. Neither one of us said anything, just stared at one another. There was a warning beep, signaling that there would be ten seconds before the doors would close. It wasn't rushed like the other one, and he wasn't tense. It had been a couple of days since I had seen the man on the train. A prince from a foreign land, on the run from a fate he didn't want. It was Friday, and I let myself smile. I felt a little lethargic. I heard footsteps and assumed it was just someone moving between the cars. He pushed my back against the wall of the train, and kissed me. I smiled back at him, I liked writing this oneshot. *READ FIRST: So this is a story I'm trying to write now and I wanted to get peoples' opinions on it. It's going to be a romance with m/f/m, mature content. Rachel rolled her eyes once again at the news program she was watching. Jane dragged Rachel forward relentlessly. Once Jane managed to plow her way through the mob of woman, the two friends could see what was at the center of all the mayhem. Rachel couldn't help but try to covertly search for said hunks. She shivered as she remembered the descriptions of their mating practices. Why she shivered was because they were a  culture. Jane came to a sudden stop at the back of the long line of women. Rachel said as she pouted. Rachel shifted self-consciously in the growing line. It felt like it too an eternity to get through the mob, and then finally purchase their drinks. Rachel looked up into his face at that and couldn't prevent her reaction to his physical perfection. It was beautiful in a purely male way. Still awkwardly clutching the two iced teas in her hands Rachel mumbled another apology and then fled into the crowd. The line moved steadily forward, and before they knew it, they were onto the platform. The man scaled her body with his eyes before he gave her an enigmatic look. Rachel let out awkward laughter at that. Pushing the black curtain to the side, she walked into the dimly lit tent set up for the event. The room beyond was pitch black. The voice was unfamiliar to her, and starteling to hear coming out of only shadows. She blinked her eyes, uselessly trying to adjust them to complete darkness. It seemed like such a reasonable request that Rachel took a few steps into the room before she began to question the situation. The form of a man could be seen in the center of the room, sitting at a small table. Rachel looked around the room, realizing it was indeed brighter than it had been before. Rachel thought back to when she had gotten back in the line with Jane and everyone around them had given her dirty looks. Rachel froze. She turned back to look over her shoulder at him as she rushed out of the room. Jane looked around for somewhere the two could sit. Jane laughed awkwardly. Apparently, Seth Park a. Being the natural tease that he was, Seth merely swung his hand by Laika's side and closed the door behind her. Normally I don't have a lot to say. The narrator's name . I'm not a male, nor do I play one on TV. It seemed like I was a normal guy once. I lived with my mother a few weeks of the year, but for the most part, I was on my own. I was a senior in high school, rapidly approaching my eighteenth birthday. All it took was him to make me realize how empty my existence was. One day, about a month after he had transferred in, I was walking home when I saw him walking by himself on the opposite side of the street. His eyes, light green like a cat's, stared at me for a moment before he replied. I suggested with hidden threat. Eian shook his head and leaned down to take his shoes off. I peered into the mostly dark room with a few hints of light peeking through the closed blinds. I withdrew my hand like the redness of the sheets was a hot burner then whirled around. My hand shot up, cutting him off. Rubbing his temple, Eian shook his head. I watched Eian appear in the kitchen's doorway. That was the most I had ever heard him speak. his annoying voice inquired, causing my attention to revert to him. Eian actually received several days of peace from me after giving me his dinner invitation. But FEAR NOT, my other stories will not be removed. don't see why blue would be happy. blue is happy. then there's black. purple means. that for later, yea? let's forget about that for awhile. it. tall. special, seriously. of big. other category. totally gothic. should hear her talk. white ceiling. you, they're my life. okay. think is utterly hot! open". TOUCHED! I growl when I hear my alarm blasting by my head. I curse waking up from my dream and hating myself for once again dreaming it. I growl hitting my alarm off and throwing myself out of my bed. I jump in the shower washing my hair before climbing out and drying it. I am a skinny frame for a seventeen year old junior in high school but I am not sickly skinny. I put my makeup on, put on my black eye liner and dark eye shadow before going back into my room. he smiles fixing me and him both a cup of coffee as I make us some toast real quick. I love my car, like seriously my dad got it for me for my 17th birthday; it's this gorgeous candy apple red 2012 Nissan Xterra. I grab my iPod plugging it into my adaptor and starting my car. Millie yells holding up her finger at me as she yells something back into her house at I guess her mom then skipping out. she smiles and I know she is happy because she has a huge crush on Ryan. I tell her quickly. she begs but I just shake my head no. I swallow hard and blink a couple times. I also hate this class because I have all the little cheerleaders and their jock football players. I agree nodding dragging out the I in right and smiling at him. I groan spinning in my seat. And I don't say that because that's what my mom and dad always say, nor do I say it because it has become a belief of mine over the years. Catching onto the pattern? Okay, so maybe I'm overreacting just a bit? Actually, I'm never like this, at least on the outside. Who am I then? I know, it's normal right? It actually isn't as bad as it sounds though. My parents support me fully. Remember that best friend I spoke about earlier? Now, avoiding yet another digression, we're both seventeen and pretty much opposites from one another. Did I mention that she also has a car? The theme was rather stupid and vague, but who really cared? I was laughing at her currently irritated expression when some idiot came up behind me and grabbed me around the waist. I had no idea who this guy was. Stupid Boy continued smiling at me in what he must have thought was a seductive and attractive grin. The guy sidled closer and I allowed him to wrap an arm around my waist this time, all the while uttering a soft, whispering sigh. Oh. He paused again. Hailey snickered at my side. He seemed shocked again, rubbing a hand through his hair. At least he had the courtesy to refrain from vulgar terms. Apparently not. I straightened back up, raising my eyebrow suggestively, and then waggled both in a rather playful manner. He smirked. Wow. She'd just gotten me out of trouble from accidentally getting some other popular chick's boyfriend to follow me around. Okay, well I cared a little, because I liked popularity. I grinned in her direction. Hailey smiled too, her white teeth glimmering. I replied, chuckling darkly as we entered the building. I'm not some kind of anti-dating freak, nor am I some anti-hook-ups kind of freak. I don't know why I've such an aversion to anything past shameless flirting. So I've done what every good girl does and listened to my parents– for almost eighteen years. Well, I was. Hailey had creatively lied to my parents, fooling them into believing that we were having a movie night and sleepover at her house, and had even assured them that we'd be watching an action film rather than a romantic comedy. I think that's what my parents were so afraid of, but I had assured them that I knew such movies were mere frivolities and did nothing for the reality in which we lived, and that's verbatim. So Hailey and I were currently giggling excitedly in her room. After she'd readied herself she turned to me. My hair had been straightened and I was sporting a black jean mini with black fishnets. I shut up, pouting slightly. I followed Hailey down the stairs to the kitchen, where her mom greeted us. Okay, maybe overly cool. We exchanged a glance. I tried yet again to cover my painful grimaces. Yeah. A knock sounded on the door and I jumped. God, I was such a wimp sometimes. I smiled at my friend. I grinned back and looked over her shoulder apprehensively as she opened the door. It really looked like he wanted to say something sarcastic in return to her retarded question. The monosyllabic word pretty much expressed everything I'd already figured out: he was not happy with his job tonight. Hailey bounced past him and I followed, giving him an apologetic smile. Hailey immediately began chatting everyone up, even before she hopped into the car. He looked faintly surprised and I was sure that I caught a shadow of a grin on his lips, but it disappeared so quickly I couldn't be positive. Hailey gave me a sardonic look and moved into the limo. Tonight I just stood there, looking at the stars, thinking about how I was finally doing something of which my parents would highly disapprove. I smiled sarcastically. Right. Hey guys! I'm working on getting an internship as well as getting published right now, especially with Love For Enemies and Death Toll Rising. Anyhow, only three stories are posted in full on my website now, but I will be constantly updating new stories as I write and edit them and summaries of my works-in-progress are up, as well as constant updates on my writing status. She said. Uh-oh I thought, give her one inch and she takes a mile. was all she had to say. I said. I opened the door slowly and avoided making eye contact with her. She said with triumph. I looked at her, confused. I took a deep breath. The final straw was when I slipped in a puddle of spilled soda, causing me to do a cartoon-ish flip onto my back—with my legs shooting out from under me—and drop my double chocolate chip cookie onto the ground. There are reasons why I never went to crowded places, and this was one of them. With that, she vanished. Which worked just fine and dandy until I ran into someone carrying a cup. I greeted the guy, looking into his blue eyes. Ohmigod. he commented, holding the cookie out in front of him. he answered, his own greedy little eyes focused on the cookie. I informed him. I put on my best puppy dog face. He smiled, and for the twentieth time that evening, I melted. He was joking, right? Once I'd swallowed the cookie, Mr. Sexy Accent pulled me towards him so the fronts of our bodies were pressed right against each other—even though my shirt was still wet. We were just kind of swaying to the music when he leaned down and whispered in my ear,  I shivered at his hot breath. . I intoned, still staring at his outstretched hand. I blinked at him. I regarded him suspiciously. he said, much to my relief. he stammered. . brother. I couldn't leave it. I hissed, wrenching him to his feet. Really, I wasn't missing that much. I celebrated the end of the school year staying in with my parents for movies. It's funny how families are formed, isn't it? So yeah, as I was saying, Jace is my stepbrother. Jace leaned on me heavily as I pulled the front door shut. Getting Jace to jump the creaky step of the staircase was always an experience. In his room, I did my best attempt at helping Jace to remove his shirt. I whipped around, annoyed. When we first moved in, I had the impression Jace was gay. With his fitted jackets and shirts, nice jeans, groomed hair. I hesitated. Jace gave me a resentful look and brought the cup to his lips. I replied helpfully. The hangover fairy. But that was back in the days I still thought him a gay prick. The experience was further cheapened when the guy dumped me the following week. I didn't look after him because I felt like I owed him, mind you. Jace replied weakly. waittt a minute. HIT MY HEAD AGAIN? Oops. FINALLY! Yes. just well. Yep. What was a ten year old supposed to do in a park? Layla Smithson was sitting quietly on the grass, reading a book. Unfortunately, their mothers had been the best of friends in college, so he had to see a lot of Layla, and that certainly did not please him very much. He was suddenly struck by a brilliant idea. Ah. 'Hey, twerp,' he said loudly, standing in front of Layla. 'It's not a stupid book. 'Yeah, like I wouldn't understand Famous Five. Layla frowned. 'I read your diary, you know,' said Shane, with a smirk on his face. Shane rolled his eyes. Layla gulped. 'Of course it is,' said Shane, still smirking. Layla glared at him. 'Of course it does,' lied Shane easily, 'it has alcohol and you want to have it. Layla's lower lip trembled. 'You're lying! 'I'm speaking the truth. 'Stop! 'No, I'm not! 'You're not. 'Shut up, Shane! 'Of course people love me. 'I hate you, Shane! Just then, the mothers decided to show up. 'Oh Shane, look what you've done,' said Shane's mother, clearly disappointed with her son. 'He started it! 'He's so mean! Shane rolled his eyes at her. Shane's mother smiled. Oh, and a lot of you were probably wondering about the title, right? I have taken down all my stories. It was her sixth birthday party when they first met. Both mothers looked embarrassed for their children, and exchanged apologetic smiles. By her ninth birthday party, the two children couldn't be separated. When she reached the back yard, she saw a lot of her friends running around, and when they saw her they ran up to tell her happy birthday, but she hadn't seen Nick yet. A group of boys ran past her, and Tianna noticed Nick among the group. Nick nodded, and was about to begin leading her over to the boys he was playing tag with before when Tianna let out a shriek. All the kids gathered around the table to sing for Tianna, and she and Nick sat directly in the middle. The thirteen year old girl looked taken aback, and didn't seem as if she knew how to reply; she didn't have to. Jake scowled angrily, but he stepped off anyway. Nick could see her resolve softening, but she still wouldn't look at him. Just like that, he was forgiven. Nick looked around at his band members nervously, his eyes landing on Tianna finally for reassurance. Soon though, she decided she wanted to see them from the crowd, with the added adrenaline rush that you can only get from the mixed excitement of tons of people around you. When Nick noticed her below him, he kept eye contact most of the time, grinning at her when she held up a camera in his direction. Tianna looked up in disbelief at the man on stage before her. She punched his shoulder, cutting off what he was saying, and the crowd laughed. The band was ecstatic of course, and Tianna celebrated just as enthusiastically with them. Pantheon had been gone for the last month, and she and Nick talked as much as they could while he was on the road. At two that morning, Tiana stumbled drunkenly into her apartment, giggling when she failed to get the key out of the door the first few times. Tianna could feel her heart sinking with every word he said, and she felt worse because of it. After saying goodnight to him, Tianna put her phone on her dresser and got ready for bed before collapsing for the night. She stopped when she heard the familiar voice singing. Nick looked up as if he'd heard her, grinning mischievously as he held her gaze. She looked away from him, thinking about how much what he implied about her being spoiled was true. Understanding dawned upon him, and he stopped her ramblings. He leaned back a little to look at her, smiling as he saw her stunned face, and he moved to hover above her lips. He grinned into the kiss, his free hand moving to cup her face as the other stayed wrapped around her waist, his hand resting on the small of her back. Tianna grinned shyly. he whispered softly before closing the distance between them once more. I Hate Feather Pillows: V. 2By Drips of Blue-Green Turpentine (Previously posted on Vanilla Nitemare)Still GayBoarding school. I think this is the worst idea my mother has had yet. The least my mother could do would be to let Anna and me stay together, but of course not. The devil incarnate next to me speaks, finally. If you could describe my reply as anything, it would be terse. She is beating around the bush, and her stick just smacked me in the foot. I say instead. She is whining, pleading. I snap. She pauses to take a sip from her coffee. She says. I open my mouth, close it, pause. She says finally. Tears are all that I really see and feel for the next two minutes. Now it's my turn. My sister's sleeping bag is still in the back. Give it any thought at all and what I was doing was completely, unreasonably, stupid. Now the list that was carefully tucked into my back pocket was a sort of bucket list. I was much more reserved than the person who had written the list in my back pocket. Trevor had been an amazing person. We made bucket list's that day. I stared at the application. I took a deep breath and muttered,  Only for Trevor would I ever even consider filling out an application to do porn. Body Type: somewhat skinny? Tattoos: 1, back of neckPiercings:two, belly and tongueHave You Done Porn Before? The sudden voice made me jump even though I was looking at him when he said it. I looked down at my paper. The fact that he was actually someone who ran the place finally clicked in my head. He owned this business? I bit my lip. I sighed loudly giving up. I nodded slowly staring at where his hand met my arm. He frowned and sucked in one of his cheeks looking like he was debating something in his head. He probably meant he didn't want me to try and sue or something stupid like that. Really, I had meant that when you watch someone die, you can really take a step back and realize that life is short. I smiled tightly. A/N: Shorter than I plan for most chapters this is more of an introduction to the story. Summary: Cecil grew up on the streets of New York, working at a local diner and trying to avoid his foster parent: Brandon. Copyright: I reserve the right to create, distribute, or remove my literature. Disclaimer: This story and the characters within it are fictional. The raspy voice of the diner owner greeted Cecil's ears as soon as he entered the diner through the back door. In the kitchen, the smell of sizzling bacon and scrambled eggs reached his nose. Every month there was a different set of cooks. Cecil's fake smile remained plastered on his face as he headed over to the other table Damien had so carelessly left for him. By 11:30, the morning rush was over. The bathroom next to the lockers contained a shower, and toilet, and a dirty sink. Jorge wordlessly presented him a plate of eggs, bacon, and sausage. That was always his name. Cecil was slim. The large party turned out to be a group of about a dozen men and women dressed in army uniforms. He was greeted with monotone faces from the men and calculated smiles from the women. A stiff, one word reply from the soldier nearest Cecil answered his question. The soldiers stayed for a while, while Cecil manned five other tables besides theirs, checking back occasionally for refills and to ask if they wanted their check yet. The bell above the door jingled, and Cecil glanced up briefly to see who it was. Mr. Abrahams spotted Brandon and took him to the back. Mr. Abrahams called out to him, causing Cecil's heart to skip a beat. Cecil just put on a huge smile and nodded back at Mr. Abrahams. Something in Mr. Abrahams' tone voice put Cecil on edge, as if he wasn't already. Mr. Abrahams headed back out to the kitchen without a second look backwards, and as soon as the fat man was out of the way, Brandon grabbed Cecil's arms and dragged him outside. With one last disgusted look, Brandon released Cecil and went back inside, slamming the door behind him. Cecil gingerly lifted himself from the ground, and awkwardly walked to the door. Without waiting for a reply, Cecil pulled the door open, then slammed it shut behind him for effect. In the mirror, Cecil could already see a bruise forming all over his cheek and underneath his left eye. Automatically, Cecil began layering on the products, and slowly but surely his bruises disappeared from view. AN- I wrote this (duh) and its has an adult scene in it so don't like, don't read. Before conclusions are drawn though, Chase gets along with a lot of people too. Drew of course isn't any lesser of an athlete. Chase snapped. Chase glared at Drew who smirked. Chase agreed reluctantly. That night, Drew picked up a beaming Chasity. Chasity smiled and went along with it. Nick smiled and twitched. Jones noticed. Drew looked over at Chasity who was in a deep discussion with Nick. Drew sat back and played a few deals of cards, allowing Chasity and Nick to become aquainted. Chasity said. Drew hesitated. She said. Chase was a runner. The moment Chase was told he couldn't run anymore, he nearly broke down. His dad did send money, which Chase promptly sent back. Chase however didn't quit and went to school. Rain sighed. Chase didn't talk for the rest of the day. Chase asked. Chase nodded and went back to work. She shouted and almost caught him by surprise. Drew greeted in a friendly matter which only annoyed Chase more. Chasity rolled her eyes and gave Chase another hug. Drew interrupted much to Chase's chagrin. Chasity said and let Nick lead her out of the garage. Drew frowned at him, giving Chase all the answers he needed. Though talking isn't much of what Chase did. Suddenly Chase pulled something out of the engine. Drew didn't move, something Chase expected automatically. Chase ground out. Chase didn't do it right away. Chase said. Drew sighed as he entered the garage. Drew smiled but didn't let on. Chase announced. He asked almost regretting it as soon as it came out of his mouth. Drew doesn't let an ounce of disappointment show. Drew didn't see Chase for several days at all. Drew found himself at school around five thirty, just when no one was there yet he could get in through a forgotten vent on the football field. Despite not being able to run or anything, Chase had retained all of his lean muscle from his constant running. Chase spun around nearly losing his balance. Chase had spent overtime working at the shop and when Tony got suspicious he got another job. When the parts for Drew's car came in Chase decided not to tell Drew he was working on his car. Chase continued to work on the car for the rest of the time in silence. He snapped. Chase wasn't sure what to do, so he gaped stupidly. Drew announced before running his hand to Chase's hip and leaning over to suck on an earlobe. Sputtered a frustrated Chase. Drew frowns. Drew smirked against the skin before kissing it. Finally Drew moved back, watching as Chase caught his breath. Chase on the other hand wasn't sure what he should do. Chase yelled not bothering to keep his voice down. Drew froze in shock. Drew threatened. Chase didn't answer just looked away with a solemn look in his eyes. Chase snapped. Drew hissed before pressing his lips against Chase in a bruising punishing kiss. Chase grabbed on to Drew's arms, clutching them and hanging for dear life. The next few days were hectic. Jason was sleeping in his hospital beds, surrounded by peeping machines. Chase didn't leave at all though. After thirty minutes, Jason finally stirred. Chase snapped. Rain laughed and moved closer. Drew smiled and opened his car. Drew said gesturing for Chase to get into the passenger's seat. Drew smiled. Chase says as he follows Drew into his house. Chase moaned and pushed him off. Drew slid his hands under Chase's shirt feeling the soft skin and hard muscles. Chase had pulled away, smacking Drew in the stomach. Drew answered clearly stating, I don't care. Chase asked. Drew smiled when Chase moaned and allowed him to continue. Chase moaned and leaned into Drew's body. Drew whispered as he took hold of the hands. Drew whispered. Chase laid there, with Drew's hand on his chest. Drew said gently. Drew took advantage of Chase's immobility and went down his body, flicking his tongue teasingly over a collarbone. Suddenly, Drew was gone and Chase was unceremoniously flipped over. Drew said, using a finger to trace the crescent shaped scare on Chase's back. Drew let his hands run along Chase's sides while he licked his way down his spine. Chase asked. Drew thought he might be drawing too much enjoyment from this but at the moment he didn't care. Drew muttered, working Chase open gently. Chase cried out and trembled as he tried to hold himself up. Drew quickly found his orgasm was fast approaching. Drew smirked and tugged on Chase's erection hard. Drew knew Chase was ready. Chase cried out after a particularly hard thrust. Drew thought outloud. Drew put his hands around Chase's waist and pulled him in closer, pulling him flush against each other. and the red barns. face. answered, truthfully. in interest. brightened as Mom tried to coax Joey into taking a bathroom break. new room, Joey"? Copyright:© 2010 by Broken Lies. Summary: We were once friends then he moved away and we drifted apart. AN:JIMMI IS A GIRL! Logan leaned towards and pressing his lips firmly against hers. Jimmi felt really sad but knew it would be okay because he promised and he always kept his promises. My name is Lily Grace, I am 15 years old. Now why would I want to leave my overly protective mom and majorly famous step-dad? The plane ride was spent amiably. He asked. He said and I looked forward. It was also the first day of school and I didn't stand out too much. The office was filled with music by Bach and the cream wallpaper made the room feel warm. As I headed to my dorm, I noticed there were limousines parked where my taxi was once parked to drop me off. Someone said beside me. Rico Jolans was one of my idols. Curtis said. But I kept thinking about Rico Jolans. The girl threw her arms up in despair and let out an aggravated cry, hurrying into her room again to change her clothes. she muttered to herself, and headed for the bathroom. Erika asked in amazement, watching Amanda just shrug and smile. Amanda suddenly blurted out in delight. She studied her friends for a moment, taking a drink of her water. Erika snorted, barging past the blonde girl rudely. Erika folded her arms and waited for her to move. Erika shoved the paper off her desk and slid the textbook into her bag with her pen. Taylor said as they all hurried on to their classes. she nodded. After what felt like forever, she glimpsed at her watch to see it was already five o'clock. she nodded, and she left. Suddenly, a conversation opened. Oh come on! She signed off at the exact same moment Miss Burton walked back in the room. Erika nodded, and turned to leave rather quickly. ~ Boots in a Flowerbed ~ by Quatorze ~ 1 - The Park Bees buzzing around his head barely distract him. I shut the door with a soft creak, smiling as I locked it behind me. I grimaced and hesitantly pushed the button, listening as my mother's voice bubbled out of the speakers excitedly, if not a bit fuzzily. she informed me in a lively, cheerful tone. Tiredly, I rubbed a hand over my face and stared at the tiled floor. I had just opened my mouth to retort when the kitchen door banged open and Reid appeared from the garage, untying his apron as he crossed the room. I grumbled and sank lower into my chair. I leveled a glare at Ben and Josh as a silent warning to keep their mouths shut. His lower lip jutted out in a pout. Shit. Sure, it would be a lot more fun if Reid came along, but there was no way in hell that Mom wouldn't recognize him. Ugh. A/N: Wow, Joel developed a sense of humor. Two weeks ago, he'd finally been able to admit, at least to himself, that he liked guys. The word set him apart. The problem was – he wanted things to change. Calling them  was an unjust description for the relationship between Alex and Bobby – in any other century, people would have simply said that they loved each other. Not to say that they hadn't fought, cursed each other, even  each other for as many as three days at a time. They shared too many boyhood secrets - many of which involved vandalism – although they hadn't meant it that way at the time. For Alex, though, it was going to the next stage. Alex replied. They continued making small-talk. Bobby said, thus dropping the subject. When they got to Bobby's house, Alex went in without even asking. Bobby peed while Alex washed the dust off his face – it doesn't take long in mesquite-country, there's not really any grass anywhere – and ruffled his bristly blonde flat-top. Alex forced himself to chuckle weakly, too embarrassed now to think of anything clever to say. Alex punched through his character's options, watching the tv screen so he wouldn't have to look at Bobby. Bobby was not gay. . Between that, the school's lunch, and 48 oz of flavored corn-syrup and water, Bobby power-heaved into his mouth. Alex watched it all, too stunned to even think, let alone speak. Finally Bobby had emptied his stomach and was down to his last couple of dry-heaves, saliva dripping out of his open, panting mouth, snot hanging from his nose. Alex hung his head, got up, and walked out without saying anything else. He got in his car, started it, and put it in drive. They couldn't avoid each other in the classroom, though. At least Bobby wasn't telling, then. Alex said without turning around. Bobby took it and looked down into the box. Bobby was trying to figure something out, and it was giving him problems. Normally, at this time of day, the two boys would have been off somewhere. That day, neither of them said more than twenty words. Then, late one night, Alex just had to get away from the tv. It was against the law, naturally. And as it turned out, Bobby was already there, sitting on the grating, dangling his legs over, his arms crossed on the guard-rail. Alex replied back, still unsure what he should do. Alex sat in the same fashion as Bobby was, about five feet away from him. Bobby said, his voice trailing off. was all Alex could think of to say back. Alex turned to face the other boy, his mouth open in astonishment that Bobby would say something like that. Alex tried to hold the other boy's icy stare, but couldn't. And once he did come to that self-realization, yeah, he kept doing it with Bobby anyway, knowing full well that he was  on Bobby in a way that Bobby wasn't getting off on him. Alex turned and brought his legs up onto the grating, preparing to pull himself to his feet. Alex continued staring for awhile, unsure what he should do. Alex didn't say anything back. For his part, Bobby wasn't going to let it end like this. Alex replied nervously. Bobby looked over at Alex, who obviously knew he was being watched - but didn't look back. Sooo. Smiling faintly – and a little amazed that he was doing so – Alex replied,  He winced inwardly after he said that. Once upon a time in a town not so far away there lived a daughter of a wealthy business man and a part time dressmaker. Not too many years after that night her mother married again. A girl of fifteen watched as the victim of a car crash was lowered into the hard, frozen ground. Mrs. Shalding screeched, the fake mole above her left upper lip quivering with every word she spoke. Mrs. Shalding looked at me with her beady eyes before sniffing and turning her nose away. I asked her as she rooted around in her hideous pink leopard print purse for her wallet so she could fork over forty dollars for my services. She finally located her purse and took out a handful of bills, shoving then in my direction. She nodded then signalled for the butler to show escort me to the door of her mansion, as if I couldn't find the way myself. The butler said holding the door open for me. As soon as I reached the end of the driveway I turned to the left and headed down the street. On the outside the house seemed very well kept and that it harboured a perfectly normal family. Usually during the summer I spent most of the time over at either Ainsley or Logan's house, they were of course my best friends, but however this year they had each gone their separate ways on vacation to exotic places with their families leaving me alone in the deadbeat town of Milford, Delaware. It wasn't that I'm a nerd or anything, far from it, but I desperately need money to add to my college fund. When I finally reached the house I counted the cars in front of the house; only one. I tucked a stray strand of my hair behind my ear; a nervous habit. The attic room, the living room and Gary's bedroom were the only rooms in the house that looked lived in. There was never much to eat in our house and even when there was food to eat, most of it went to Gary and the band. I sighed; there was no way out, I had to go see him. Each of the few steps that I took felt as if I was walking to my inevitable doom. I asked wryly. I said sarcastically. Insulting him had sobered him up enough to be aware of each of his movements. Gary hissed, his face was so close to mine that I could count his eyelashes. With my wrist cradled in my other hand I raced up both the sets of stairs and into my room. My eyes were undoubtedly red and puffy and my wrist was blossoming into a deep purple bruise but that didn't matter to me at the moment. I dashed down the stairs, taking them two at a time. The only things that seemed frequent enough in the pantry to feed grown men were dried pastas and Campbell tomato soups. This soup had expired five months ago. The large pot settled on to the burner with a thunk and the heat from the burner began to leak into the pot. The steam from the pasta rushed up over my arms and face, cradling me in a cocoon of humid warmth as I poured the used water down the drain. They were here early. Once all the plates were loaded down with generous portions I added cutlery, salt and pepper, and some napkins to a tray that I then brought out and laid down on the dining room table. I was just placing the last bottle of beer on the table when the band entered. He looked my body up and down before running his tongue over his bottom lip. Gary still looked as dazed as ever, Andrew's eyes were more glazed than donuts and he was drooling slightly out of the left corner of his mouth. He sneered and pushed me out of his way as he and the rest of the band sat down to eat. The stairs seemed to go on forever as I climbed them in the dark, the only break to the uniformity of this action was when I accidentally swung my arm too hard and it hit the banister. The sounds of drunken laughter reached my ears from downstairs. Now came the tricky part; getting out of my window and down the side of the house. Hiding in an elevator is a sure sign of insanity. Ok, I broke the copying machine. But eventually I had an idea. Well, I was thinking about my boss and the copying machine. That stopped me. I casually reached up to scratch my head and happened to 'accidentally' knock my pen from my ear. The man jumped so high, I almost started laughing right there. This time I decided to stare at a snotty looking woman with a goofy smile. I announced before she could get a word out. The man laughed and left as the doors opened. One of the women pressed first floor and I looked at my watch. A few people looked at me funny, but I grabbed the people closest to me. A few more people started to hug back and I was starting to think that I was going to get everybody in a hug when we stopped. She stepped onto the elevator as the door closed. I gave her my cheesiest smile as the elevator hit the first floor. We started up the elevator without a word. Without anyone getting on, the elevator started going down again. Short responded and stood back. He walked over to me and I was about to glare at him when he pressed the number six. I took it. The woman looked between us, a horrified look on her face. The kiss started out hesitant and slow, mostly because we were testing each other out. I didn't make up those ways to annoy people in an elevator. This material is copyright protected under the 1976 Copyright Law. Terrance James Miller was only known as such through his writing. This particular night, however, TJ had made plans to abandon his writing to seek entertainment elsewhere. Ashlee was surrounded by at least five males (from the university, no doubt) who looked to range from sophomores to juniors. A recently-declared history major who had stumbled along through the first three-quarters of her first semester undecided, Natalie had been quick to make friends and even quicker to begin seeing her fellow male classmates. she mumbled under her breath as she reached out to steady herself with a bare hand against the brick side of the building. TJ turned, inhaling the first drag from his cigarette as it remained pinched between his lips as he went about pocketing his lighter. Natalie had been too focused on her experience within the bar moments ago to notice that someone else had been standing outside. She obviously didn't look 'fine' and so he offered a small reassuring smile before glancing up at the glass door and windows to see no one coming after her. His comment didn't make sense to Natalie and she looked back to him with a questioning though somewhat unfocused and tear-filled stare, yet didn't speak. He could feel her watching him though his focus was elsewhere and he cleared his throat as he glimpsed back over at her for a second. Natalie shrugged, her eyes dropping a bit sheepishly as if she was being scolded by her parents before she closed the front of her light jacket with her hands and folded her arms tightly to keep it that way. It seemed to TJ that she was about to catch a cab somewhere alone and her steps gave away her inebriated state. His attention was downward, on the street as he ashed his cigarette once more, and he caught sight of half of her boot coming down against the edge of the curb. She had been drinking too much to tense up and as he caught her, she let only a brief gasp pass her lips for a few long moments. Regaining her balance, Natalie heaved a sigh and wiped beneath her eyes yet again with her fingertips. With something akin to an annoyed sound, she looked forward once more and hugged her jacket to her body. Once again, TJ was right there to catch her and this time he stopped along with her. TJ wondered when she might begin to sober up and what she might think of him having invited himself along with her. The closest university was across town (the very university he taught at) and with an audible sigh, he had to smile at the irony. The first two cabs TJ spotted were occupied, yet finally a whistle caught the attention of an on-duty driver and one pulled up to the curb. Rather easily, Natalie slouched in the bench backseat and leaned against TJ's side as she closed her eyes, relieved to be off her feet as the cab gently pulled away from the curb. TJ didn't comment on the status Ashlee had never been to him, but she was the one he found himself with on occassion and so he knew she was clueless, but referring to the fellow teacher. she offered, barely moving her head as her eyes remained comfortably closed. TJ's brow rose slightly as he stared out the windshield around the headrest in front of him. Though she had no knowledge of the man's identity (she could only guess him to be quite a bit older than herself), she felt at ease. At first, it seemed Natalie nearly missed his misinterpretation as she began to nod with an exaggerated thoughtfulness. Laughing shortly with a widening smile, TJ turned his face away from hers as he tipped his head aside. Inside, Natalie groaned over his offer. TJ shook his head, sighing at the fact that it seemed he would be taking the subway home since he'd given up the cab. Natalie answered with a nod and a somewhat lazy smile while they began to walk together. TJ slowed. He had always considered himself rather good at politely ignoring young girl's crushes on him when he taught, but this wasn't a student of his. TJ offered, finally giving into an actual conversation as he continued to speak with his eyes on the ground and his peripheral vision on her pocketed hands. TJ dug his own hands into his pockets into small fists, smirking to himself as he shook his head at his own response before he uttered it. Groaning mentally, TJ offered a short shake of his head. He pulled back with a laugh at her behavior and inhaled through his teeth before shivering just slightly due to the cold. Though it took a few delayed moments for her to react, she soon realized what had nearly just happened and she let out a startled breath as she looked to him in dazed surprise. He was definitely not about to tell her he taught at the very university she attended (his ego wouldn't allow for her laughter) and so he looked over at her and then ahead the single block they had left. he admitted as he watched her. Natalie's eyes followed his arm down to his hand where he offered her a pair of gloves and silently (though obviously grateful), she accepted them and began to ease them onto her hands. Hearing that she was from so far made TJ listen a little more closely to her speak. TJ stepped closer, reaching out to take them with a nod of thanks. The building lobby wasn't particularly warm with the door being opened and closed so frequently, but the lack of wind was enough to let his shoulders drop. he sighed and stepped forward, close to her as he reached up to gently take her wrist and lower it from her forehead. With a weak smile, TJ stood there awkwardly as the doors began to close and he half nodded in response. Nodding in surprise, TJ turned slowly and seeing which button was illuminated from her selection, he pressed it again to cause the doors to slide closed. Natalie's eyes lifted as she felt his arm brush her own and with the same smile, she bit her lip and shifted her attention to the digital readout to watch as the number continued to climb with each new floor. he questioned, grateful for the reason to turn to look at her as he not only glanced, but turned his entire body to face her. It was a strange feeling to be attracted to this young girl as he was to women closer to his own age. He gave up on arguing it, on lamenting over all the many things that told him to stop and opted to focus on the single thing that caused him to end up with her at all. The light presence of her thin fingers hooking onto the pockets of his coat registered to him and soothed his unease. Natalie felt as if she was in a haze - alcohol-induced, but nevertheless a pleasant one - and without hesitation, she slowly drew her arms back until her elbows came against the elevator wall, in turn drawing TJ closer by his pockets until a mere inch or two separated their bodies. The hand at her back lifted as he was drawn forward and he pressed his palm to the wall instead which enabled him to lean into her. Natalie had kissed a handful of guys before, among other things, yet be it the alcohol or the kiss itself, that moment with TJ was most definitely her most enjoyable yet. TJ's breath left him in a heavy exhale as he let his hand fall from her neck to reach up and press a thumb beneath his lip as he watched her in thought. She bit her lip and ducked beneath his arm to slip out of the elevator as he held the door for her, with only a brief glance over her shoulder in his direction. TJ leaned heavily against the back of the elevator, grinning quietly to himself as he stared ahead at his blurred reflection in the elevator doors. There's just something about the unattainable. That's what I was trying to convince myself was going on with the apartment I now stood in. I said wearily,  I couldn't place another bid. He assured me when I looked at him with shock. Aaron was a 26 year old. I suggested for what must have been the millionth time. He suggested. Kaya was blond. I said,  That was true, and she was no rose either. Aaron asked. I said simply. Yes, I said it, I'll do pretty much anything for free food. I put a hand on his shoulder and met his eyes squarely. Aaron said with a shrug, taking the remote from me and leaning back into the couch while simultaneously turning up the sound on the basketball game we were watching. Cafe Aristotle is the cutest little coffee place on the planet. There was a man standing in front of me, awkwardly holding his coffee cup. He asked in a silky low voice. I offered, pushing my coffee cup toward him. He said sarcastically. I pumped my fist up in triumph. I said loudly. He asked, speaking slowly as if I wasn't very bright. That was nasty, bribing me with a great apartment. Hey everyone! It didn't feel right to me. My name is Andrea Fluharty. Recently, Davey came across some magazine. he said, moving his pelvic around back and forth. Over the next couple of weeks that's all he did. he yelled in desperation as he pulled the pillows off our sofa. He stopped looking and let out a triumphant yell as he held up the two red tickets. He got up with a smirk on his face and stood in front of me. I exclaimed, dropping my arms at my sides. He picked me up off of the step and hugged me tightly. So here we are, watching women walk across the stage, showing off their beautiful God given or medically enhanced bodies. I groaned. My heart almost stopped as I saw her. As she walked back down the aisle after posing for the cameras, she stopped at the curtain and turned back around to the audience again as more lights from around the room went off, snapping pictures at this gorgeous girl in front of me. I was in shock. Squirtle, I choose you! We sat down and ate, talking about what we did and didn't like about the show until the editor of Platinum Magazine walked in and everyone in the room clapped. She started to introduce the models for the magazine but I only cared about one. She looked up and our eyes locked once again. Please Review if you want me to continue further with this story. I can't remember where it all began to fall apart for me. Dreams like that seemed like child's play as I launched myself across the table snatching desperately at any piece of fabric that would bring my mother back within my clutches. He was a man I had grown up around, chancing polite conversation when needed to maintain decorum at social events, but not someone I knew or cared for. Though he was sitting before me plain as day I couldn't read his expression. Any further down the table and I would have to look into the faces of Lucas' parents and though I had always liked them growing up, I wasn't particularly fond of anyone at the moment. Yes, I'm back. For my loyal readers, thanks for sticking with me. Jay Ridley was the boy the entire school was talking about. It always worked that way – me being the last to hear about the latest gossip. So anyway, Emily called me up that Saturday night as I was painting my nails a bright lime green. Emily said, shrugging it off. No, Emily wasn't calling me her hero. School started that Monday and I found it surprisingly easy to wake up to the sound of my alarm clock (which I knew I would grow to hate). Okay, that sounded completely stupid. I pulled on some light skinny jeans that were ripped at the knees after falling off a go-kart this summer (long story), and a sky-blue, loose-fitting tank top that I felt complimented me nicely. I slung my backpack over my shoulder and bit into a Pink Lady apple and left my house, calling goodbye to my mum. If there was one thing I learned when my mum taught me to drive, it was that road rage was a good venting system. She grinned at me. She frowned. I continued to eat my apple (trying to stay quiet because there's nothing worse than a loud chewer), and stared vacantly out the window. As desolate as this town was, I loved it. I mean, I've just always had this affinity for art. I'll admit it – I'm a little weird for such a small town. He smirked. Before I knew it, Emily was dragging me out of the class. I said urgently, holding a finger to my lips. And that's how lunch went – with Emily just telling me about Jay and how perfect he was. Social Studies came first. He said to me when I entered. As expected, I found myself staring out the window before the final bell even tolled. Mr Scott clapped his hands together enthusiastically. Mr Scott asked. I furrowed my brows and turned around to see, sitting directly behind me, a tall boy with messy, dark hair and sky blue eyes. I wish I could tell you that I completely owned at the rest of the game, but I really didn't. Pretty much two seconds after every question was asked, he was answering it happily. After the game was over, Mr Scott let us all talk amongst ourselves since there was only ten minutes left of class, and he just went to his computer and played Solitaire. I threw my stuff into the passenger seat of the Squareback and started up the engine. Somehow, I knew things were going to be different from now on. He waggles his eyebrows, teasing and too observant for his own good. Mat brings a hand to his lips, smothering laughter. Mat reaches over and squeezes my knee, winking. Mat pouts at me, clasping his hands together pleadingly. Mat stares at me a second longer; he then grins and pulls his hand back out of his pocket, looking pleased with himself. Mat swipes it from out of my arms, throwing it at him before I can get it back. George rolls his eyes and sits up on his knees, bringing the picture up beside Ely and tilting his head. At this point in time Ely looks up from colouring in Mrs. Clause's panties and straight at me, raising an eyebrow. I look down at mine, biting my lip. Mat whispers. Lewis grins, looking from me to Mat and then quickly around the room. I grab Lewis' arm and move him out of the way, peeping over at Ely; he's looking down at his desk, slight frown on his lips. I slam a fist down on the table and they look at me, concerned. My cheeks flush, my mouth dropping. But wait – what? I bring a hand to my mouth as he shakes his head at me, turning and heading back to his bench. I almost sink down onto the cooking room floor, my knees going weak. Grabbing the spatula from the bowl, I bring it up to my eyes and sigh in adoration. Gees, my bag is heavy tonight. I delve further in and blink when I see a brown paper bag – covered in caricatures of elves and reindeer, un-satanic reindeer – instead of my old Barbie lunch box and then a phone with so many scratches, so many cracks I'm not even sure why it's still holding together. Hesitantly I bend over and pick it up, bringing it to my ear and pressing the 'answer' button to see if it'll work. I almost drop the phone again and lean back against the picket fence, wide-eyed, just in case the weakness in my knees isn't temporary. He curses and I widen my eyes, bringing the phone away and staring. I'm about to say goodbye when he hangs up. George sits in front of me, picking up my blonde hair and wrapping it around his straightener. I open my eyes and turn to the mirror, pressing my hands up against it. Pushing against his chest, I detach myself and look to my bedroom window. I inform them, leaving them to their bickering. I proceed to run past her, hauling on my thongs which I'm not sure go with my dress. Crossing over all of my neighbour's yards as a short cut, I slow down to a walk when I get near his house. I smile and look at my feet, making my way over to the door and stepping in when she holds up an arm in welcome. Bright green walls in the entrance, orange racks to hang the keys on. I hug his bag to my chest and wait a beat but nothing happens. He presses his face into his doona, laughing but embarrassed. I laugh and nod, choosing to trust him. I sink down on his bed, blinking when it ripples underneath me. I pick up a t-shirt, bringing it up against me and frowning. Putting it back on the shelf, I turn around and look for other things to buy. If they own an airline as good as QUANTAS, who cares if they're a cult? Looking around, I begin to walk over to the dinner set section to look for a Christmas present for mum. But happen it did. Ely drops the gnomes and looks up at me, somewhat mortified. Because I didn't want to get rejected, that's why. Is he really going to. Here's your Christmas one shot guys! I'm hoping it's still okay XD and do you like the name? (Also, if there are any mistakes. If you don't believe me - JUST REMEMBER THE FACT I WROTE TWO ONE SHOTS IN ONE WEEK FOR YOU! Summary: Caroline Humphrey is in her fourth Season and has yet to secure a husband. Caroline Humphrey leaned against the stone balustrade, a glass of lemonade in one hand, and her parasol hanging from the other. Setting the drink on the tray of a passing waiter, Caroline looked about. Across the terrace, she spotted her groom apparent conversing with two other aging gentlemen. She reached out and wrapped her fingers around the folded silk panels, and at the same time, her eyes met his and her breath caught. He blinked at her, and a slow smile began to spread across his face. A.N. So here's the start of the new story. recognise him. Darcy, Heathcliff, Mr Rochester. I'd be your Knight in shining armour any day. you have a map. can't believe it worked. no,Never the sister. my heart went running away with itself. imagine her bringing him home one day. close to my face. did I do to her"? "I. In that moment, I hated him more than I had ever hated anyone before. I got the news when I was sitting in my new apartment, ironically enough contemplating the future. She was cut off by someone taking the phone. I said sincerely. There was a pause in which I assumed my brother was being pummelled into the ground. The next day I drove over to their apartment to see whether the relationship had crumbled yet. I yelled, when nobody answered the door. I said, remembering the absent twin brother whom Rachael hadn't seen in five years, since he moved to New York to become a hot-shot reporter. she said frantically, her brown eyes wide, with dark circles underneath from lack of sleep. I sighed. I made my way to the door, hoping that this guy wouldn't be as stuck up as the rest of Rachael's family, whom I had met on the odd special occasion. I opened the door to reveal a well-dressed, clean-shaven man in his mid-twenties, with a Mediterranean look. he said politely, if a little uneasily. I asked. An awkward silence ensued, and we were all pulled into its dark depths. he brightened up at this, but it was short lived. Rachael said. her brother replied. I said, catching up with Michael outside the door. Michael said, and I realised I had closed the distance between us considerably whilst I was ranting. I smiled sweetly, and then proceeded to the elevator. he grinned. I knew he had called me by my nickname to irk me, and despite myself, it worked. There it was again: the guilt. I opened my eyes and looked at the wedding cake she was pointing to in the magazine. I repeated. Rachael asked. she said enthusiastically. The next weekend, I woke up at 7am to get ready to go wedding dress shopping. I waited until 9am, and the bride-to-be still hadn't shown up. I asked slowly. I said through gritted teeth and joined him in his car. he laughed,  He frowned. Michael asked. I sighed in frustration, and the rest of the drive was silent. The place was packed with bloodthirsty brides, like trained assassins, willing to do anything to get their perfect dress. the girl said, flicking her blonde hair and visibly pushing out her cleavage, all the time not taking her eyes off Michael. I yelled back. Rachael asked. Michael popped his head around the door. I asked. it was his turn to be surprised. I groaned. I turned around. I asked him, and then regretted it. I grinned silently, and Michael simply rolled his eyes. I snapped. I winced, and turned to see Jennifer, my brother's ex girlfriend, looking exactly how she had two years ago: short skirt, blonde highlighted hair, and a whole lot of makeup. she was cut off by the presence of Michael, and I groaned inwardly. I added. she sang, shaking his hand and handing him some sort of card. Michael answered for me. I protested sarcastically. Unfortunately, Michael and I got to spend a lot more time with each other. The shower was to be the next day, and ironically enough, it rained. I deadpanned, glowering at him basking in all the attention. But Mandy didn't hear me. Rachael cooed, throwing herself onto me. she yelled, and everyone stopped to look at us. she sniffed. The presents were opened, as were countless more bottles of alcohol. I said a bit too loudly. he remarked blankly, and I expected him to leave me alone to tend to my own wound. The following week I had my last chance to buy a bridesmaid's dress. she asked, and I yawned exaggeratedly. So I did. I sighed. I screeched. he said, pretending to be hurt. I deadpanned, slamming the door shut. Things were getting serious. We entered the apartment, and the lighting was dimmed. he yelled. I whispered. In that moment, I hated him more than I had ever hated anyone before. That was all I needed to hear. In a spur of the moment move, I drove angrily over to Michael's hotel. I yelled. Michael cut me off enthusiastically. The next time I saw him was when he deigned to pay a visit to his heartbroken sister. So he hadn't pleaded guilty, yet he had vouched for David's innocence. After a heartfelt reunion which could've rivalled any romantic movie ending, the wedding was back on. Rachael yelled at me. I sighed, pulling on the silk contraption and shivering. she mused. I smiled. he told us, which earned him a slap. After the ceremony, during which, I admit, I shed a tear; we entered the hall next door, where the food was served. I urged him. he smirked. I let him lead me onto the dance floor, and it felt more like a dream really. I pulled my hands away from his neck and tried hitting him, but by that time he knew how to react. both David and Michael asked at the same time. she pouted. I asked. he offered as an excuse for pulling his cousin's hair. dare"? intimidating". She shrieked with delight and slowed her pace, but never kept her eyes of her kite. That little boy asked as he, too, got up from the ground. … Not that she wanted to be anywhere near his face, of course. She asked, but received no response. She was getting more confused by the second. He said, his voice quiet, but it contained some form of emotion that she didn't understand. He looked around and saw his dad's tall figure leaning against the door frame, his face red and swollen. She's not, Luke wanted to argue, but decided against it. When he was done, he knelt on the ground and said his prayers, hoping that his mum could hear him. his dad used to tell him when he was five and afraid of the monsters in the closet. He feared of being alone, without a mother. He yelled, and when she turned to look at him, he smiled at her. If she didn't have new kites to fly, she would be building sand castles with her sister. They did, and she giggled and doubled over with laughter when he got himself wet because he got his timing all wrong. He muttered, his voice thick. She said. She told him. It came as a relief for him. It didn't bother her. He explained apologetically, although she never really understood why he thought it was necessary to do so. It did nothing to convince her, but she followed him home anyway. He shared a room with his dad now, and this room was a lot smaller than the one he used to stay in when he was a kid. So she stayed and waited patiently until he was ready to talk again. He said a few minutes later, snapping her out of her reverie. He answered the question on her mind. She spoke into his ear, her voice soft and soothing. Maybe it started when she asked her sister to drop her off at his place two weeks ago with a bag of first aid items, that night when he tried to get rid of all his dad's drugs, but his dad found out and beat him up. Or maybe it was the way she never pushed for answers whenever he did his headstands. And that chocolate, too, back when they were still kids. She deserved it. He took his dad into his arms, feeling his dad's body against his own. He couldn't argue. I found out that my mum had cancer when I was six, and they only gave her a year to live. My heart tells me that every day I spend not telling you what I truly feel, is a day of happiness wasted away. I've stopped writing for what, a year? If you're new, hello there. that? it. hell! no. a family. d'ya mean you 'just like it? Title: Idolizing Dame Damely
Rating: I believe it's safe to label this as 
Summery: Shane is a shy gay boy who lives above a cafe in Kent, and who is to walk into that cafe one Sunday but the outspoken rocker Shane idolizes, called Dame. First story on FictionPress, first story ever really. Summary: There's an idiot at school who insists on telling people that I'm his boyfriend. I had had enough of his crap, I had to get to the library to study for my Chem. I tried to calm myself down while I walked towards the tables in the back of the library. Since I had just had another encounter with him, unfortunately my mind wandered back to my nemesis, a. He's kind of hard to miss. It's not only his physical appearance that makes him stand out he is also, as perhaps you noted, very loud. Finally, and for those of you paying attention this won't be a shocker, he is openly gay. A lot of people even assume we are dating just because he's always around me and tells people we are. Anyway, you may be wondering,  Trust me, I ask myself that at least once a day. The first day of school, even the first week went by and nothing unusual happened. Needless to say, I wasn't a big fan of this April Fool's day joke. he replied. was his answer. I retorted, though I knew that was barely true. Twenty-four years old and a degree in hand, I started working. Trey hummed into the phone when he took my silence afterwards as an indication that I was lying. Trey chirped before hanging up. As I started my car and backed out of the parking lot, I checked my appearance in the rearview mirror. On the road, I tried to keep at least one hand on the wheel as I dove through my purse, pulling out my planner to add Hair Appt. the mysterious caller said. the voice replied. That's when it clicked. the caller asked in a tone that was bordering on cheerful-sarcastic. he responded. I almost hissed. That statement was enough to make my knee jerk in surprise. he said. Eric responded. I stopped shuffling around in my seat and sat up straight, keeping one hand on the steering wheel as I stared straight ahead. Eric asked. I sneaked a glance at the lane on the right. And right now, that involved getting Eric off of my tail. I lied smoothly. Eric said just as I shot a panicked glance at the floor to make sure my foot was actually pressing the accelerator. I responded softly. As soon as I milked every last foot of distance from my car, I gave in and took my keys from the ignition, angrily throwing them and the cell phone (I had disconnected Eric once I knew there was no way I could avoid talking to him in person) onto the purse on the seat next to me. I asked calmly, glaring at him. Eric asked. I explained. Really, Trey? It was too late to repair this damage. I said, ignoring the way he was visually molesting me. I said with fake cheer. The answer came literally two seconds later with a slight beeping noise. I showed the screen to Eric, and he laughed and held out his phone. Apparently it was getting harder to stay composed. I smiled wryly. I wouldn't give him that satisfaction. Wow. he asked. I answered regardless in my trademark calm voice. he asked. I frowned. I winced as a clap of thunder sounded around us. Seeing Eric in the rain was, um, for a lack of a better term, nice. Eric muttered in frustration. This was ridiculous. The rain, of course, was not stopping anytime soon. And then, the way Eric was looking at me…I could tell what part he was focused on because that section of my skin blazed hotter than the rest. he replied. I asked, turning to face him. he asked me suddenly. I asked, but apparently, that was good enough for Eric, because the next thing I knew, he literally pounced on me. Even when his lips parted from mine, the kisses didn't stop. And then, all of a sudden, he stopped. I opened my mouth and then closed it. I whimpered. Until Trey showed up, of course, minutes later, having had enough sense to figure out that maybe I did need some help after all. She was not threatened by a 6'2'' male whose goal was making her submit to him. Just the thought of him made her skin crawl, the smug smile that sat underneath a nose too straight for the amount of times she hit him. Her friends didn't see it the same way. She could not have Mackenzie in her house. Each tally represented something: a prank, a win in sports, academics, medals, even relationships. Emotions that didn't involve revenge or anger weren't something she displayed. Juggling her belongings, Piper struggled to the door. William Allen III was the opposite of Mackenzie Tosh. As a musician, he wasn't Piper's usual type. But Piper constantly found herself comparing him to Mackenzie. William placed a quick kiss on her check before grabbing her bag and cleats and chucking them in the back of his truck, earning a wince from her. She didn't tell William what she was feeling, and he didn't ask. Holding the laces of her cleats between her teeth, she hiked her duffle bag higher on her shoulder and searched for her phone. The first thing she noticed was his fricken` smirk as he leaned against the fence surrounding her field. A smirk of her own graced her face, slow and mischievous. Without taking her eyes from him, intent on winning their unspoken contest of staring, she furiously typed her message. As much as his company annoyed her, it was his presence at her games that pushed her to win. It was common knowledge that without him her passion, her anger, her craze wouldn't explode without him egging her on. Seconds after she turned from him she heard his pace quicken. She gave him a light smile and turned back to the stadium. Turning to face him she lost the smile, the rivalry hate; lost the reason for this game. He was surprised at her display of emotion. Her voice was low and accusing, she never yelled. He was so angry. She opened her mouth to say something, but what do you say to this? After the locker room and warm-ups the crowd began to grow. Coach Cameron, Madison High's new coach and gym teacher, bellowed to his girls as Piper continued to search. Keeping quiet, Lindy began to think about her idol. Piper handed her the coin casually, not taking in Lindy's awestruck expression. Coach congratulated Lindy and scowled at Piper. He made fun of her when she wanted to be a ballerina in kindergarten resulting in her active participation in male dominated sports to teach him a lesson. He had the same determination as her, the same need to dominate one's opponent. The team ran out, strategically placing themselves. Ready, set, play hard. Piper raced to an open spot and caught Nikki's high pass with her chest. Meghan's bicycle kick. The girls ran in as their subs were called. Sweat dripped down her brow, whetting her appetite for the game. Was heard from various girl, most of whom were on the bench for the first quarter. Everyone who noticed the commotion on the field was in astonishment at Piper's antics. Coach was as frustrated as Piper, but continued his refusal to put her in. Embarrassed at her team's failure Piper packed her bag with her head down. He was in the same position, same location as earlier before the worst lost of her high school career. He got into her face, his nose almost touching hers. Their friends didn't bat an eye at the manhandling. Throwing her shoulder into his chest, she struggled against him. A hand on Mackenzie's shoulder materialized. A/N: I tried a new writing method with this story, and, well. As it happened, Nelly didn't actually know who was responsible for the state she found herself in. That fine day, he had caught Nelly thieving in his stock room. The other man to compete for the paternity of Nelly Murcutt's child was Oscar Price, of the Mellanden Hall Prices. His fateful meeting with Nelly had taken place at the annual village fair. Had she lived to see her son as a man, there would have been no question of the paternity. Mrs Murcutt didn't say anything then. Despite Mr Murcutt's unhappiness about the boy, Noah got a decent upbringing. Over all, during the first 14 years on earth, he lived a relatively happy life. Mr Murcutt put his big hand on Noah's skinny shoulder, urging him along down the muddy path. Mr Murcutt didn't let go of Noah's shoulder until they reached the shore. Noah cried, tears overflowing and streaming down his cheeks. Noah saw something glimmer in the scarce light, and realised Mr Jackson was paying Mr Murcutt for him. Mr Jackson led Noah over the gangway to the ship. Mr Jackson opened the door, and Noah suddenly found himself in a small, but cosy room. Mr Jackson looked suspicious. A/N: Don't worry, Here Goes Nothing is still being written. I opened the door and was greeted with the sight that had summer written all over it. As we got older, there were variations. he replied. He took the stairs down from my porch two at a time, and when I finally joined him at the bottom he slung his arm over my shoulder in a gesture that he'd probably made a million times. Gabe and I had been best friends since before I could remember. And then, we hit high school, and everyone noticed that he was sweet, and cute, and caring. And I didn't get the kind of attention he did from the opposite sex. So I looked away from his gorgeous smile and beautiful, brown eyes and twirled my keys around my finger. When we pulled up they had already started the fire. Forty-five minutes, two margaritas, and one Tequila shot later, I was buzzing comfortably and talking and laughing. I stood up, only a little shaky on my feet, and followed him towards his vehicle. I did know Sydney. I glanced over his shoulder, at the bonfire, at our friends. I couldn't help it. The kisses, though unexpected and pleasant, weren't extremely rare. But this time, it was different. But then he chuckled, and the moment was over. I was fat. Mom sat down at the oak kitchen table, her lean, heart-shaped face worried. Sunlight filtered through the window that was just above the kitchen table. I shrugged, polishing off my toast and reaching for another. Dad nodded as Mom glided off. Dad stood up, ruffled my hair, and left resoundly to his office on the other part of the house. A personal trainer? I apologized, holding out my hand to my latest victim. I asked, noticing he didn't let go of my hand even though I let my hand slack. I finally pulled my hand away and stuck it into the pocket of my jean pants. I lowered my eyes, remembering just why and how people knew me. Tabitha sniffed airily, as though everyone jogged. I gazed down the street to see Tabitha's friend Ralph, a happy-go-lucky popular boy. I replied, trying to pretend like it didn't hurt to hear that word. Skylar laughed, punching me on the shoulder playfully. Skylar asked me. Tabitha interjected before I could even open up my mouth. Skylar punched my arm again, only harder this time. I offered. And Tabitha was out of sight. About half past eight I was lounging on the couch, channel-surfing when my doorbell rang. Skylar winked. Skylar made it to his house in record time. I heard lots of snickering and whispers among the cheers. Tabitha snorted, as though I should have known. Ralphie turned the attention of the crowd back on him, and I backed away slightly. Tabitha squealed out. I looked up to find Ralph looking at me, directly in my eyes. I offered meekly once more. Ralph sneered, keeping his icy, steady gaze on me. Tabitha announced coolly. I sat out on the front porch of Skylar's house and let the tears flow. I glared at the front yard, as if doing so would make everything all better. :| I'm going to try and update about once a week. AUTHORS' NOTE: STOP! Please note that this is another spinoff of our Zerca series. Marrow's face was void, an emotionless mask as he gazed at the whole of the Reyl camp a kilometer or so before him. Marrow ran his tongue over his teeth, savoring the blood that dripped as it went over his extended canines. He closed his eyes and shook his head to clear the fuzzy memories of the laughing faces from his head, knowing now, as an adult, it was more likely he felt so uneasy because he was abandoned by his life-bearer. Marrow turned a sharp glare at the lippy youth next to him, and the younger man immediately raised his chin in challenge. Tying their animals to the nearest makeshift rail, they made their way to the center of the camp. Marrow turned his gaze to the center of the night's entertainment, as most everyone did, and watched as tribesmen used rattle-like instruments to shake out sounds of anticipation before a slow, more sultry tune began to play. His hair was long and sleek, its red color bright and shiny as it fell past his shoulders and over his bare chest. He could feel himself begin to harden as the boy began to gyrate his body, moving in a seductive dance that seemed to invite the eyes of every man there to look on his . He could sense it as those eyes raked over him, feeling very much like a subtle touch as they did so. Stars, Marrow too felt like fighting his own emotions. Tamber hadn't really wanted to join the evening festivities that night, truth be told. Zerca, these strangers were a tiresome bunch, though! Sure, there were a few earthlings among the mated population of city-dwellers, but none on the open land in the Reyl communities. Yet, when he announced his intentions to stay abed while the rest of the trivbe entertained the strangers, his father steadfastedly argued against it, pointing out that Tamber was the tribe's best dancer. Now, as he lost himself in the beat of the music, the youth decided he would block out everything around him but the dance. Tamber froze and looked up in hazy confusion as his mind snapped back to reality. Clipped and to the point, Tamber thought to himself as he glared back silently. Marrow's clinched jaw was the only visible sign of his displeasure. He felt a brief, unfamiliar panic as the thought crossed his mind that perhaps his mate did not find him to his liking, but then quickly dismissed it. Doriuq was an elder known and respected for his wisdom among all Reyls. Doriuq could feel his own son's annoyance that he acknowledged the man's claim as valid, particularly by calling him 'son'. Besides, Doriuq could not identify exactly why, but the younger man seemed familiar to him. Marrow felt himself relax a bit at his giver's acknowledgement, raising a sleek light brown eyebrow in arrogant fashion at the shirtless bearer who presently used his father much like a shield. Tamber, Marrow repeated the name in his mind, finding pleasure in finally knowing such a small thing warmed the chill in his lonely bones for a moment. Immediately take me? Tamber was even more wild than most Reyls were stereotyped to be. Tamber snorted and raised a dark red eyebrow in disbelief. Ahhhhh. And everything comes out on Fridays; movies, CD's, and my all time favorite, Video Games. he said, jumping on my bed. I heard my mother's footfalls and I looked over at the open door and saw her standing at the frame. Mom ruffled his hair as he walked past her and she looked over at me. Maybe I should introduce myself. I'd say I'm about…5'9. My father is a cop and a damn good one too. My brother Brandon, is 10-years-old like I said before. We live in a small quaint little town. I got out of bed and sluggishly walked over to my closet, pulling out a pair of black skinny jeans and my old summer camp T-shirt. I huffed and changed the channel to Digimon. he yelled. she scolded, grabbing my bowl and cup from me. he yelled back. I started the car up and threw my bookbag in the passenger seat, slowly backing out of the driveway and noticing Dad's car was gone. There was Lee Wong. Next was Jessica Holt. Then there was Mark Chambers. Last but not least, there was Hope Faith…yeah, I know. I waved over at them and Mark smirked when he saw me. Hope piped in. I said, smirking at him. Hope and Jessie's jaw dropped and Hope slapped my arm. We all just laughed and I smiled at her. Lee said seriously. The bell rang and I put the Video Game back in my bookbag. I sighed and put my hands in my sweater pocket. I just couldn't seem to tell them that there wasn't a nice boy for me. I walked toward my locker and grabbed the lock in my right hand, quickly spinning in the code before opening the door. I chuckled and continued walking down the hall…just to crash into someone walking right towards me. She had long jet-black hair and greenish-brown eyes. She had on a white V-neck and gray skinny jeans along with white flip-flops. she asked. I asked, trying to get my cool back. I groaned and walked toward my previous destination and collapsed in my seat when I got there. Her skin was tan and her green eyes were smiling just as much as her mouth was. I asked, leaning over my desk and arching my eyebrows. she said smirking. I scoffed. She chuckled and looked over at me. I asked. she asked. I said smugly, leaning back in my chair. she pouted. The bell to move to 1st period went off and everyone in the class moved toward the door. She mumbled  under her breath and I shot her a look. Someone hit the ground with a loud 'Fuck! I chuckled. I asked. She shrugged and motioned for me to lead the way. she said, laughing. We walked in silence down the hall and I opened the door for her to enter Mr. L's class. I followed her to the back and we both sat down. she whispered, smiling at me. Mr. Lewis split us into groups of two and my partner was no one other than…you guessed it! She noticed me staring at her again and put her pencil down. I replied. She looked down at my chair and chuckled. I tried to grab the desk edge but missed and tumbled to the ground. Natalie wouldn't look at me but I could see a small smile on her face. I felt a hand on my thigh and quickly glanced over toward Natalie. I groaned and bit down on my tongue. That was weird. This is a one of a kind story, or at least I hope it is. A.N.: Hello! The pale sunshine reaching across my room was a dead giveaway the weatherman had finally given up hope for any signs of clear skies, and with good reason. I yawned, stretching my arms over my head. I groaned, sliding out of bed and catching a glimpse of myself in the dresser mirror. Grabbing some jeans and a sweater, I tiptoed out of my room, and down the hallway. I rolled my eyes—more from annoyance than surprise--and sighed at the familiar voice. My eyes flew to the clock hanging on the wall, and through the foggy glass, I could see that he was right. Hastily grabbing my toothbrush, I scrubbed my teeth ruthlessly until I was sure they were clean. I flew to my room, gathering my various weekends' homework scattered around my bed. he grumbled simply. Once I got the Camry up and running, I turned the heat on full blast. I made sure to pull out of the driveway slowly, knowing my dad was still watching me, but as soon as I reached the top of the street, and I knew I was out of his sight, I popped a CD into the player and turned the volume up almost all the way. The morning was the same as any other; cloudy with varying ashen colors, a slight frost clinging to the patches of land and rooftops. Of course, there was still ten days until the actual start of the cold season. During break, my dad was flying to Detroit to meet up with my older brother, Caullin, so that they could visit my Uncle Trevor in the city. Neither my father, or Caullin, was too thrilled about leaving me in the house for two weeks by myself, but I had to constantly remind them it would actually be closer to one. Suddenly, my eyes locked onto a single slot right next to the back double doors. Out of nowhere, a black flash sped across my line of vision and directly into the front space. It wasn't until that moment that I realized how cold it really was outside. I hurried through the doors, glancing at the clock on the wall, unhappy to see that I only had two minutes to get to my first class. As soon as I entered the room, I knew something was going on. I slid into my normal seat in the back of the room beside my best friend, Nory, who was deeply engaged in conversation with a group of girls. She rolled her eyes, a smug smile tugging at her lips. New students were mildly uncommon in Astoria, even though we were the best high school—out of two—in the district. He yelled, trying to be heard over the roar of voices. But none of us were listening to him. He was toned, anyone with eyes could see that, but he wasn't overly muscular. It wasn't until a moment later I realized we had locked gazes. The room began shifting, and all of my muscles felt weak with the effort I was putting forth to tear my gaze away from his. The boy nodded again and my heart stopped. He carefully let down his backpack, and placing it on the floor, before taking his seat next to mine. The rustle of paper filled the room and I realized Mr. Gower had been saying something. My eyes instantly flew to the new student, and I had a feeling that he'd placed the paper there even though there was no evidence to suggest he had. I acknowledged, gesturing to the paper. As I took notes, I began to wonder if he ever spoke. Trying to be scarce, I slightly leaned over my desk, trying to catch a glimpse of his ID badge. My eyes wandered back up to his face, and I was met with his hypnotizing eyes. I stifled a laugh. he began. the boy filled the blank. I leaned over my desk and retrieved my Biology book, feeling my flush return, knowing my partners eyes were on me. Gerard. I took his hand, an electric charge passing through my veins. He inconspicuously pointed across the room, where I saw Savannah ignoring Kevin's rambling and staring at Gerard with a dreamy expression plastered on her face. Gerard's face remained expressionless, his features set into stone. he muttered sarcastically. I had a small case of disbelief. I muttered, smiling at him. I nodded, astonished that he was taking this news with such hilarity. I was suddenly under the microscope of a very awkward situation. My thoughts halted. He laughed. I asked, not knowing what it was like to live with so many brothers. I smiled, imagining normal, happy life Gerard lived, although…something vital was missing. he corrected instantly, holding his hands out. he agreed, still watching me. History III honors? Half way down the south hallway that I became aware of the same cluster of girls trailing behind us, close enough to eavesdrop. I thought that it worked out rather conveniently…. Ivy danced over the walls as if racing to greet the sky. I heaved a couple more sighs of the sweet-smelling air, realizing that sooner or later, they would find me. The demons and angels have been at war for near. Then, I spread my wings and plummeted gracefully in down to him. The demons stared at me with keen interest, so I stared back. I shuddered internally and actually obeyed my brother's earlier plea. Those magnificent eyes had challenged me to try and touch her, though her body was positioned to run. I motioned to my highest councilor who scurried over in record time. His flickering eyes raced to where the woman had last been seen. There were two things that Gabby Tucker wanted to achieve before the day of her death. Since the walls of the complex were particularly thin, Gabby would be woken up in the midst of night to the sound of Barry White coupled with the soft grunting of a female voice and the yodeling of a male voice. Gabby was just about to grab her textbooks when she heard another disturbing sound. Grabbing her books, Gabby flung open her door and stormed down the hallway. He was…a boy no older than her. Is this Mom's lover? But…Gabby's thoughts careened to a halt. The boy seemed to realize Gabby's distress. Disclaimer, babe: Don't own The Inkspots or any part of their music. Sitting back on the couch was my best friend, smiling but putting her hands up in defense. But that doesn't change the fact that what she was asking me to do was insane. No, I'm totally kidding. And he hates me too. Erica begged, crossing one leg over the other and leaning forward to clasp her hands together. With a sigh, I finally gave in. What I didn't tell you was that Vincent and I used to be friends through elementary and middle school. I asked. I announced, grabbing my wallet and phone. Erica squealed with a bright grin on her face. But Erica was laughing her ass off. Anyways, she blamed Dallas for it and almost dragged me away from that party. But after the punching and hair-cutting incidents, Dallas became a good friend of mine. So, they've been dating for over six years and it's about damn time that they got married. But all of that is beside the point because my best friend Erica Danielle Maller is getting married! A few moments later, Erica and I were seated at a table with orange chicken, noodles, and fried rice in between us. I replied sweetly before snapping my phone closed. she asked, clearly amused as she lifted a forkful of rice to her mouth. I replied, chewing my orange chicken. she exclaimed as we left the restaurant and got back into my car. Vincent and I are in my piano room, pretending like the other doesn't exist. And that's how the two of us spent three months. So now, I am actively ignoring him by flipping through my song book, pretending to still be choosing. Well, maybe it's not that appropriate for a wedding. Combined with the fact that Erica has this weird hatred for the regular wedding march, she's going to march down at aisle in her pretty dress to The Inkspots. Vincent asked, breaking the silence thing we had going on. I asked in return. When I felt my cheeks heat up, I turned back around and flipped through my song book. Vincent stated in his smartass-voice. Taking a sip of my cooled drink, I put it back down before turning towards the black-haired man sitting in my piano room. For a few wonderful moments, Vincent was silent. I asked with a frown. No shit, Sherlock. Vincent said dryly,  Have I mentioned that Vincent is the best man? Vincent scoffed. I shot back childishly. I announced, tugging on the back of Vincent's suit jacket. By now, our friendship had kind of repaired itself. Vincent grabbed me by my upper arms and pulled me towards him. he told me quietly, brushing a blonde curl behind my ear. When I got to the little stage, I glared at Vincent, who ignored me, pretending to be studying his music. But it was time for Erica's moment. Well, at least they're enjoying it, I thought dryly, watching the wedding guests smile as I sang. But as I sang the last word and Vincent played the last note, there was no appearance from the bride. I spoke into the microphone after  ripping off the large bow that was slung on my hip. I asked, touching her lightly on the shoulder. she told me softly, staring straight at me. I stood up and pulled her into a hug. I replied. Erica sniffed and I could tell that she didn't want to argue. He raised his eyebrows, but turned the pages of the book to what I hope was the song. By now, Erica had taken her first few steps, obviously dreading the altar. When I opened my eyes, Erica was a few feet in front of me and the mini-stage. Mostly because she had the caterer bring box after box of Lipton Green Tea; sparkling, berry, diet, all of them. After the rings and kiss, I ripped my best friend away from her new husband and smothered her into a hug. I can't believe Erica is a Missus now, I thought as I climbed up the stage for the reception. It's not like I'm sad about it, I thought, still staring at the pianist until he suddenly looked up to meet my gaze. I sang 'Memories of You' and 'I'll Get By' (both being last-minute changes to the original song list) before someone came up to me and told me I could take a break to go eat. Yeah, that's definitely something we need to talk about. Finally, I found him. I told the woman before grabbing Vincent's arm and dragging him. Our bodies were less than three inches apart when I demanded,  Damn him for being so tall. he replied, moving even closer with a smile playing on his lips. I retorted, rolling my eyes. Vincent smirked. I told him. Erica said, her first few words considerably brighter than her last. My voice was hollow. Erica spoke softly. A woman touched me on the bare shoulder. It's only three songs, I tried to consol myself as I stepped back onto the stage. I sang, my voice the same. Last song, last song, last song, I mentally chanted as I sang. Oh, Lord. he said lowly. It's different down here, I forced myself to think as Vincent led and I followed. I asked, my voice barely above a whisper. I paused to close my eyes. I whispered, moving to kiss his cheek briefly. Yesterday was Erica's wedding. Instead, she stayed up with me. I looked up. I replied with big puppy eyes and a pout. Dallas called from the doorway. Maybe it's cliché, but I had never cried over a guy before until then. Mostly, I was crying because I think I just needed to cry. Erica asked as I slowly slid my phone closed. When he didn't move or reply, I bit the inside of my lips. I said shakily. he replied, moving quickly to grab me. I was crying again. I never got to finish that threat of mine after Vincent's lips attached themselves to mine. The arrows sprang from the bow, before dropping short of its target despite the rather short distance. He could only groan and smack his forehead as the boy's body was momentarily enveloped with that same red glow of the arrow. I flung open my locker and buried my head into another high stack of books. To end of my statement, I squealed. A little giggle escaped her at the disgusted expression that graced my face upon the mention of that particular family of males. A pair of Nike shoes walking by gave it a small kick, and before I had time to demand that he retrieved my book and apologize, he disappeared into the crowd. Wait. I stared at it quizzed, trying to decipher the meaning of twelve. Unsure, I started counting the number of blank spaces on the tray now. One for every month of the year. He fell silent, and for a few seconds, there was only the sound of breathing on both ends. And he had the audacity to laugh, but I have to admit that it was a nice laugh. That reminded me. He leaned in closer to her, staring deeply into her eyes. The shrill pitch of jealousy pierced through the clouds surrounding my little lala-land. I snuck a look around me and carefully placed the book back into my bag. I felt that uncontrollable flush to my face when I am embarrassed. Crap. The teacher entered, and I breathed a sigh of relief. He settled himself back down beside me and leaned onto his right arm, blatantly staring at me. Hebel jerked up and his head turned, as if he was about to answer. He did not look at me again. You know, I have always wanted a guy to chase after me. I decided that she was a lost case and took my seat. I screamed and just narrowly spun out of his reach. The next few days, however, he left me alone. It was sweet, simple, and I felt myself unconsciously smiling. He bit his lips and was about to leave when I closed the steps between us and hugged him tightly. There was a light flutter of wings and soft bell-like laughter faded into the background. The feeling that I was completely alone seemed to be growing by the minute. I was sitting at the back of the classroom fidgeting with my fingers impatiently. Beside me a boy snored, making me continuously look in that direction. I can't blame them for wanting to talk. Almost as if my prayers had been answered, the bell rang. Time seemed to stop as I watch his shoes get caught on air. I automatically reached out, somehow catching his waist before he could have a disastrous meeting with the floor. Something began to happen. Suddenly lights began to flicker all around me. This light was a little different from the others around me. Something else besides the lanterns joined us in the darkness. The claws reached forward, catching the light on its sharp edges. I had thought of it as a lantern. As the greedy darkness sunk its claws into the most beautiful thing on Earth, I heard screaming. The claws dug deeper. The more that the blood dripped, the more enjoyment I felt. His light went out. I watched as his eyes slowly shut. I stood there with him slumped in my arms. I was immediately disgusted with myself. Actually, that wasn't true at all. At first I thought everyone was playing a huge prank on me. I stayed until after the ambulance came. I still found that there was something wrong with the fact that I need the attention from tragedy. The paramedics had said his heart was fine and his breathing was stable. Was it the fact that his soul was gone? I walked home. When I was ten, it had annoyed me to no ends when people would rudely bump into me. After what seemed like centuries of walking, I made it to my street. I got the keys out of my backpack. My room was a bright yellow. The minute I walked to first floor I could smell Italian food. My dad's blue eyes looked up from what he was cooking. he murmured. I turned away from him, now just noticing my mom walking in and out of the kitchen with her cell phone to her ear. she said in a voice that clearly spoke where her patience was at the moment. She opened her mouth as if to speak, but her obnoxious ring tone filled the room. I sighed wondering briefly if I should wait for the call to end. Same strawberry blonde hair and blue eyes as my mom, She was like my moms copy except she would never become even near as intelligent, and the day she wore glasses or a bun would be when Hell froze over. Our eyes locked and I knew that I shouldn't have come in. She began a rant without even prompting. Lily looked up at me. I was nothing like my siblings or my mom. I continued to stare at the mirror. I glared at the mirror deciding it was where this problem had occurred. I stared at the mirror harder as if I could really get rid of this problem, I did. The glass began to crack. She glared at me. I was at least five feet away from it. Over the years there had been so many things she had said to me. She looked at me blankly. My glare became more intense. Had I done that? For the past couple years I have always been alone, people for no reason seemed repelled by me. I was alone. Hi Everybody! A/N: changed prologue! Nadia had gone all out in her guilt and had fashioned an amazing angel costume for Suzie that looked both sexy and sweet at the same time. A pair of beautiful wings, fashioned from feathers and fluffy material ties, were placed on her back, the fluffy ties winding around her arms and criss-crossing her chest. Suzie looked at herself in the mirror. He stared at her, his eyes widening and his dick rising. he said, his voice turning husky and his sky-coloured eyes turning a darker stormy-blue. Bobby said to the empty room before dressing in a pair of tight leather pants and bagging the rest of his clothes and underwear. Bobby turned to Sue and asked if she wanted a ride home. Suzie giggled as Bobby wheeled the mountain bike out of the shed and out to the street. She laughed and moved to the front of the bike, clutching her dress up to sit on the handle bars, the split revealing even more of her delicate legs. he said quietly as he quickly untied them. She jumped off the bike and Bobby fell over. She started slowly, exploring his mouth, carefully at first, then with growing confidence as he gently responded. she said, withdrawing from him and unlocking her door. Bobby shot awake, sweating in the summer heat (damn his air-conditioner for breaking! Ryan and his younger sister Suzie strode into Jimmy and Bear's house, heading toward the backyard for the pool area. He glanced down at his sister to find her looking longingly over at Bobby. I suppose some people see me. I'm the girl that at home, cusses like a sailor and acts like a jackass. Now, don't get me wrong. Yeah, that's right, I'm the girl dreaming of something I can never have so that I don't have to live my life. :Had she really wanted me to leave? I rolled into my body length pillow and snuggled against it. I cried loudly pulling away from him and falling off my bed. Hysterical. She laughed and walked away. He smiled walking out of the closet and beginning to unbutton his shirt. He did nothing more then scoot a bit so there was more room. A/N This story is being co written by me and brinannathe writer. I woke up and cursed at the cold. After what seemed like hours I finally came to a large looming temple. I awoke in the morning with a sense of dread. everyone said in unison. I pulled open the door to the closet tavern and hurriedly shut it behind me. The work was hard. There was one regular though that frightened me. Chris shivered. Chris warned. I asked sweetly. The voice spoke quietly,  I was at a loss for words. She asked with surprise as the wind started taking the shape of spirits. I replied calmly. She shouted over the howl. I said. I said thoughtfully. she asked obviously pleased with herself. really nice and good at this. Two days ago she had been on a plane for six hours, so she was still pretty exhausted from the trip. And now she was late. Crap. May gulped and suddenly became interested in a piece of tape stuck onto the desk. she said lamely. The rest of the classes passed by slowly; all the teachers did was introduce themselves, go over the rules, hand out textbooks, and then it was pretty much the same for the next class and the class after that. She sat down at a table alone, and began eating her lunch. A girl with straight blond hair and dark brown eyes spoke, setting her tray down on the table on her right side. May shook her head and smiled. Emma said, a little too loudly. May laughed and together they enjoyed the rest of their lunch period, happily chatting away and soon May had made six . May thought that Amy had children, but when she hadn't seen them, she thought that maybe she had misunderstood when her mother had told her that a while ago. a woman's voice said from out in the kitchen. So Allie pulled May up the stairs and lead her to her bedroom. Jason Knight was probably the most well-known singer and actor of their generation. May didn't want to burst the girls' bubble of getting married to him or dating him. Allie and Joey had both been asleep for about an hour now. She still didn't have all of her clothes yet; she packed the clothes she mostly wore but had forgotten to pack more than one pair of pajamas, so Amy had loaned her a pair until the rest of May's clothes were shipped to the house. They were dark blue, and had little penguins all over them. Amy said as she walked into the living room and saw her husband writing. May announced. She stood up and tossed the blanket aside, and headed towards the door. May nearly screamed, but instead she jumped what felt like a foot in the air and the envelopes went flying out of her hand and onto the ground, which was luckily dry. It was Jason Knight. I blushed and turned away. Obviously, there was no way he felt that way about me. I tried to tear my arms out of his grasp, but he did not budge. His arms tightened around me, his warmth radiating towards me. Logan Williams, the bane of my existence. I've known him since I was near the age of five or so. My brothers came over to laugh at me crying (back then they weren't so protective and fucking stupid about me) and met Logan. I quickly get out of the car and making my way to the changing rooms. So I'm a jock, I compete in competitions and get very overly competitive. Apparently he was too busy all lunch talking to the coach about basket ball; hmm…if he gets on the team he can play with Gabe, maybe he's already talked to him! You've probably been wondering where my Mum is? I have another brother as well, his name is Bailey, he's twenty and in collage at the moment. I was sitting in the library during lunch time, reading a book for my English class. I jumped. I knew he was silently asking why I was here. he repeated. I demanded. He stuck his hand out over the table and I shook it, a little dazed. The next day I walked into the library a little nervous. He leaned over to grab something by his chair. I sighed and figured there wasn't really a good reason not to tell him. I rolled my eyes and snorted in a not so lady like fashion. He shrugged. I laughed. Emmet said when he saw me walking towards him. I couldn't meet his eyes so I looked at his black band t-shirt instead. I was absolutely miserable sitting in the cafeteria. Anyway, I wasn't miserable because of them. Then the weekend was just as bad. So I rushed through the cafeteria, down the hall, and through the library doors, where I stopped in my tracks when I saw Emmet. Thanks, guys, for reading my first ever story. You've implicitly trusted your parents as a child. So I started to live in denial. This is my story . I woke up at the horrible sound of my sister. Molly my mother. It's sad to see your mother slowly transform into a Palm Beach socialite. She was gone. Alicia had become the perfect Palm-beach socialite. My father had changed as well. I open windows and curtains, letting the warm breeze in. She rested her hands and drummed her perfectly manicured nails on the island. I wondered. I gave my sister a glare and she shuts up. Our High School is gorgeous, well at least I think it's beautiful. There are benches located on the balcony which allows you to sit and stare at the sea for hours. I came from a different background. Like I said, we lived in Maine and I was happy living there. Mom became this shallow socialite and now my sister followed the suit. I saw my friends running towards me. Tanya is half Asian. She had lined her slanted hazel brown eyes with kohl. We have a strange way of showing affection. When David first met us, he was quite shocked at our. David and Tanya have been going out for a year and a half now. I gave Tanya a hug. Tanya asks, curious. Their fame is nothing compared to Aidan's. They're incredibly generous, always donating their time and money to charities. I turned my head away. Okay! I need to get some new friends! It's more like we're just good friends. My sister is surrounded by airheads again. Logan is so… Logan. Logan looks at me, his face full of concern and confusion. He was bald and his eyes were freaky! My sister doesn't say anything. Five minutes later, our parents walked into the office. I challenged. His eyes were begging me. I grabbed my coat and was the first one to step out of the office as my sister stares in shock. I already knew what he was going to say. His finger. I look at my dad and I see hurt in his eyes. Now you're stalking next to me, barking useless comments and swears about how I look right now, how much of an  I'm acting right now. I tell you that, and you stop, curse one last time, and turn around, going back to your idiotic friends. I know, strange as it seems, you like me. And I know some part of you, no matter how far deep into your mind where it lies, is waiting for it to happen. You just don't understand-I. So don't go on dreaming in your sleep that one day, we will be together. That's right, I didn't know you liked me that much before the first time you were red because of me. Hate. It's now Friday. Excuses, excuses. Please. After school, I find you again, sitting on the steps again, though now the only person in sight. I ask you. I tell you. I would never fall for you. I'm a bit surprised. Saturday night, I'm in front of your house. you manage to fluster out, smiling widely. I know what you're doing. you tell me immediately. We arrive at the movie theater and you head on to the entrance, leaving me behind. I set my jaw as you turn around. We go into the concession line, waiting to get movie-snacks. You're not even asking anything about me, about what I like, dislikes, other things. You pick a seat near the front, right where everybody else in the room could see us, if anything, and nothing will, happen. I mutter, sitting down next to you. I stop, regaining thought. you're in full-blown laughing mode now, your face flushed with glee from my suffering. You used the 'hate' thing again. So you got me there, but that doesn't matter. For the next half hour, we sit quietly, watching the, God forbid, actually funny, to the slight, movie. The only thing I didn't expect was you to turn to me, gape, and shake my arm off. It was so awkward the next hour, as we both sat there, silent. It wasn't just sad, but really sad. I told you lamely, sitting back in my seat. Hell with it, I didn't give a damn. I leaned in, closer to you, so I could hear you soft words. you whispered, and sidestepped away from my lips, strutting away suddenly, leaving me. You tricked me. And, what's worse, I fell for you. But I'm also the one who's going to get you back. Ash chuckled. Reilly said. She stuffed the money still clenched in her hand into the front of her black apron and sank onto a stack of empty milk crates. Normally, Ash loved the sound of so many people moving around her, loved knowing she could walk outside at virtually any time of the day or night and be embraced by the anonymity of city life. Reilly reminded her. Ash pulled her purse from where she had wedged it behind a stack of coffee mugs that morning. When Reilly refused to give her privacy, Ash turned her back on her co-worker and pushed her way back into the alley. Reilly paused mid-step, her eyes widening. Ash rolled her eyes and shook her head. Reilly shrugged as she scooped ice into two glasses. Cold blue eyes snapped toward Ash. Ash told him, breathlessly. The smooth click of hard-soled shoes against tiled floor cracked like a gunshot through the air. Ash stepped into the rush of afternoon foot traffic, weaving her way down the sidewalk and away from the diner. she growled. Kaleb snorted contemptuously and snatched the paper out of her hand. He eyed it with a frown and then balled up the protection order and let it fall to the floor. But uncertainly. Kaleb assured her. Ash shook her head, the despair welling up in her throat making her mute. With an almost careless motion, Kaleb shoved her away from him. Kaleb had the gall to look mildly distressed. Ash hated this part. Kaleb fell over backward, knocked off balance by the force of her blow. The multiple locks on her door cost her precious seconds. Just as she turned the key in the last lock, she looked up. a voice snapped. Ash's ear was glued to the door. A soft knock made Ash's eyes fly open and her heart jump into her throat. Ash touched her lip with the tips of her fingers, scowling when she pulled them away and saw blood. Ash pushed her door gently shut, flipped the locks again and let her forehead fall against the thick wood. she muttered, looking at herself in the mirror. She jammed a piece of toilet paper onto her busted lip after washing the blood from her mouth and chin. As she settled onto the couch, her phone rang. Ash chuckled tiredly. Before Ash could thank her again, Reilly hung up. The slim black phone next to her began to sing, a less rambunctious melody this time. Something rustled in Ash's ear and she caught the tail end of a deep laugh. So! Any day that involved closing a case or, at least, any day that didn't involve opening another, was a good day. Pat, his boss had called him, not O'Neil. To pass the time, Pat studied the photographs in Bill's office. Pat turned his attention from the pictures to the matching pair of four-tiered, wrought iron filing shelves. Confirmation of what he'd suspected. As he drove to Bill's house, he decided that an evening with his boss and his witty wife was the perfect medicine for his ailments. He followed her through the house to the back deck. Pat would love to meet Bill's niece someday. With a sigh, Pat stepped outside after Mary and forcefully cleared his mind. If Mary noticed how his voice hitched on the last word, she didn't say anything. Mary went back inside, leaving them to talk. The look Bill gave him––brows lifted, mouth flat––silenced him. Bill pulled the manila envelope out of his bag and handed it to Pat. Inside was what appeared to be a criminal file, but less… official. Pat said. Pat sat back in his chair, stunned. Mary's return with dinner brought an end to their head-spinning conversation. Pat nodded and tucked the file under his arm. Catching sight of the pan flute on top of the small television, he walked over and picked it up. As he climbed into bed and tucked the blankets around himself to ward off any lingering tensions of Sara, he discovered something. Aeli set the cordless phone back in its cradle and glanced at her friend. It was June's off-handed comment about Luke's reaction to first seeing the valley that had made her decide to come out here, and until she'd arrived six months ago, she hadn't realized just how much she'd needed to come here. June's tendency toward always being right was sometimes very aggravating, Aeli mused, but it was also nice to be slapped with the truth now and again. June smiled and pulled her fingers through the boy's blond hair. June smirked. The boy nodded and leapt off the couch. The flood of maternal warmth surprised Aeli, but June's admission didn't. Living on the mountain with June just down the hill was wonderful, like old times when it was just two best friends having fun. She picked up the phone she'd abandoned moments ago and June's Northstar directory. Stubbornly, Aelissm straightened her spine and refused to give in to her wild thoughts. She nodded, then dialed Aaron Hammond. Aeli smiled. After nineteen years of friendship, she didn't have to ask what June was talking about. They climbed in June's new, sand-colored pickup and drove up to Aeli's cabin so she could grab her bathing suit. The message ended and Aeli stared at the machine. Twenty minutes later, Aelissm slid into the soothing embrace of hot water in the Ramshorn's larger pool. June joined her on the stairs and they watched Luke swim around for a while, silent. Obediently, Luke swam back to the shallow end. Aelissm enjoyed herself more than she would have imagined and slowly, she felt the tension easing out of her muscles. Gerard was going to die. He tried to swallow, but his mouth was parched. Beside him, something suddenly stirred. Elspeth? Did he detect a hint of smugness to her words? he demanded. He'd be damned if he did such a thing. The doors to the chambers were suddenly flung open. Elspeth interjected. Gerard spun his head in her direction, ignoring the pain it caused. Gerard looked at McKinley with speechless exasperation. McKinley stroked his salt and pepper beard thoughtfully, the redness fading from his face. Elspeth muttered her assent. Gerard stood up. She felt small, delightful arrows of pleasure shoot up her body from his deep voice. He finished dressing and exited her chambers feeling more cross than ever. The threat, so painfully and clearly framed, gave Gerard pause. what its numerical value was. Must. help. this time. side, curious. face and on top of my head. But I couldn't hide this time. I glared at my sister and turned back to my Seventeen Magazine that I was reading before. She began blushing. Amethyst exclaimed. Amethyst called out. Amethyst scoffed. My mom smiled. After running through the main floor, I took one of the two stairs up, taking the spiral steps on the back side of the house to the top floor. She asked. Penelope glared at me. I trailed off and walked back out into the hallway. So, a new story by tootsie. eight yearsa story by madforfigs (10. He suddenly said, slamming his head down on the surface. I could only imagine the disgrace he was feeling. When I had gotten an invitation to my eight year high school reunion, I wasn't too sure if I wanted to go. The reunion itself was… dull… to say in the least. My best friend of twenty years, Gina Watson, said, punching my arm lightly. She grinned, hooking an arm through mine as she began pulling me out of the booth. We sat down at the bar as I ordered a glass of ice water, as did Gina. Sadly enough, I had accepted a proposition from that particularly annoying jock and missed out on what could potentially be a great time to catch up with my best friend. Uh… what? I scoffed and pushed myself back up quickly, everything spinning in circles around me. To top it off, two years ago he had led the developing team to its first playoffs. Marcus had a similar, but not as awe-inspiring post high school story as Jace. While Marcus wasn't as academically gifted, he was just as athletically capable of everything Jace was. Gina said, flicking her wrist absently in the air. Gina laughed and patted my head lightly. I crossed my legs and leaned forward, pulling my cellphone out of my clutch. I sighed and slammed the phone back down on the bar. Don't get me wrong, I was never close with him. In general, it was impossible to not take a second glance at a man like Marcus during the school day and on the football field, even back in high school. I retorted blandly, finishing the last bit of my water. I was awarded with his heart melting smile, the smile that captivated millions of female fans across the nation. Not asking for my permission, he reached over and grabbed my smartphone from my hands. Marcus responded, holding his hand up in the air as he snapped his fingers. God, if I thought Marcus Clay was a damn good looking guy, I had zero words to describe what Jace Hartman was. Jace was standing next to Marcus, donning a dark gray suit. Jace shrugged and pushed open the bottom of his jacket and shoved his hands into his pockets. Unfortunately, Jace didn't know that and apparently didn't appreciate it when people interrupted his conversations. He finally brought his eyes back onto me as he stared intensely at me. But was I complaining? Maybe it was the alcohol that emboldened me, or maybe it was just because Jace Hartman was standing in front of me, looking sexy as hell. I rolled my eyes and pushed myself off the stool. At some point during our back and forth, Marcus had flitted over to another group of friends that was more than happy to accept him into their conversation. I retorted. We walked in silence out of the hotel, ignoring the stares that we were getting from our fellow classmates. The hotel doorman held the door open for us, bidding us good night as he hailed a taxi for us. He replied with a short laugh, throwing an arm over my shoulder. At this point in my life, not only was it necessary to start focusing on my career but also my personal life. Jace insisted that he pay for the taxi ride and eventually shoved twenty dollars at the driver, pushing me towards the door. He followed me out of the cab, keeping his hand around my lower body. I sighed and begrudgingly thrust my clutch at Jace who was laughing the entire time I struggled to find them. He said, holding the door open for me. I pulled out a Poland Spring bottle and turned around, only to slam straight into Jace. I sucked in a breath, my heart rate immediately doubling from the closeness of our bodies. He replied, sliding his arm around my waist as he pushed me up against his hips. I couldn't deny it anymore, but I didn't want to give in this easily. With that said, I finally gathered the strength to push him back and walk away. The apartment was deathly silent right now so I could only assume that Jace had slipped out the door in the past few seconds after I had so obviously rejected him. The moment I stepped into the hall, I saw Jace opening my front door. I said, all but ignoring what he had just said, also ignoring the voice in the back of my head telling me to just let him out of my apartment without another glance. He furrowed his brow, probably wondering what I was saying. One of his hands wrapped around my waist, the other gripping my hair tightly, effectively tipping my head back so that my lips would part. He whispered in my ear, lightly biting down on my earlobe. He didn't respond to my comment about his womanizing so I knew I had hit gold. I said quietly after a moment, his body immediately tensing up under my fingers. At my words, he put a hand on me and gently pushed me back. My breath hitched at his words, knowing how true they were. He repeated, taking a few steps back away from me. My life is bad right now. I can't force myself to write right now. Now a few things about the story: 1) The New York Hawks are not a real team. Oh, and if you couldn't figure it out. Author's note: I'm going to be reposting the chapters after finally getting around to editing all the typos and grammatical errors. Sid stood there in the dirty bathroom of the train station staring at her self in the grimy mirror. Sid started combing her knots out with her fingers so that it would be easier to cut through her thick hair. Sid looked at the woman carefully. Steve's smirk turned into a vindictive smile making the atmosphere of the room turn from light-hearted banter to complete mischief. Sid looked down confused. Sid looked at her brother and took his hand in hers. Sid turned around slowly. Sid allowed herself one more glance in the mirror before they left. The screeching, the voice that immediately sent the girl out of her stories and into reality. At that, she dusted off the soot from her apron and started her way into the main room, where she was hearing the shouts coming from. She did a curtsey to her unimpressed stepmother. Demanded Isodara. She lied, not wanting her stepmother to know of her books. Gabrielle stood there, feeling a bit ignored, but she supposed it was a good thing. The girl tried not to think of it so negatively. Miss Goose was the dress maker and the best in town. Gabrielle was secretly amused at the fight that was starting between her sisters, but kept any grins to herself. Her stepmother broke her thoughts by slipping a piece of paper into her hand and Gabrielle looked down on it to see it was designs for the dresses that she wanted Miss Goose to make. and she slipped the paper into her apron pocked. As she entered the kitchen, she felt something furry brush up against her ankle. The black cat meowed back at her. "I know Astrid, but you know my stepmother. She then left the kitchen and into the bright sunlight. The blonde girl wavered from her path a bit, and came to a river bank. She quickly moved from the river bank and unto dry land; where she dried the pebble with her apron. She came to the cross roads and in the center was a plague of a woman with a torch in each hand and she was surrounded by dogs. She rose from her bowing position and smiled at the image of the Goddess. She loved town, the people, smells, and just the life that existed in it. Suddenly, Gabrielle thoughts were interrupted by a bump to her side. He looked up to her with sincere brown eyes. She said, with a nod,  And pray he doesn't get caught by the prince. She bent to kiss him on her forehead. The blonde turned to see a ginger girl, with a handkerchief tied over her hair exiting the bakery. She looked at the blonde girl for a moment and nodded. Asked, the bakery girl. pressed the Ginger girl,  Gabrielle thought, swearing on your patron God or Goddess was a serious matter. The ginger thanked her and went back to the bakery; leaving Gabrielle to wonder what that was about. Gabrielle thanked her and said goodbye, feeling excited at getting to earn money and possibly another book. She happily made her way out of the village, however as she passed the crossroads; she heard the sound of hooves. tears were threatening to come out of his eyes. A/N: Ignore the sprelling and grammar mistakes. Try as she might, Kelli knew she couldn't keep ignoring Dylan. Slowly, Kelli turned her head, not wanting the teacher to take notice. Dylan shot her a quick knowing smile. For her own sake, she was glad he hadn't figured it out. It was humiliating to think that she had fallen into the realm of unrequited love. Oh, damn, him! Kelli looked up seeing Jennifer turned in her seat glowering at them. An excuse! His shoulders only shook harder as a result. After the bell rang, Kelli rushed out the door wanting to avoid Dylan for the moment. No, instead she had to make a mad dash to her locker, grab her stuff and then run all the way back to the parking lot to catch the bus. Oh, God, did this mean her crush was getting worse? Kelli wracked her brain for any piece of information that might help jog her memory. She slapped her forehead closing her eyes. The person she forgot to buy a present would be Dylan's eight year old little sister, Shannon. She reveled in the feel of having Dylan's arms wrapped around her. Kelli knew that wasn't true though. Currently, Kelli was standing in the girls' toy isle for twelve year olds and younger, hemming and hawing over what to buy Shannon. She couldn't hide the smirk that formed on her lips as she browsed through the displays. Kelli bent over looking at one of the toy ponies on a lower shelf. He seemed to be focused on something at her level or just below it. Dylan shook his head. Oh, God she thought. He stopped and for a moment she thought he was actually going to listen to her. She snorted in retaliation. Kelli didn't bother answering. Kelli collapsed in a kitchen chair across from Sherry Brower, Dylan and Shannon's mom. Kelli answered. Kelli went up the stairs and knocked on Shannon's door before entering. Were the two responses that she received from everyone. Everything started off just as harmless as Kelli assumed it would. Of course once they got back to the game the subject matter started to change. What if they asked her who she had a crush on? A large grin spread across Shannon's innocent young face, making it look less… innocent. Kelli on the other hand was not calm. Kelli paused in the middle of her mental rant and looked at the expectant faces staring back at her. As Kelli walked down the hall to Dylan's room she found her courage slipping. Kelli's nerves started to form a knot in the pit of her stomach and her hand trembled when she lifted it to knock on his door. he replied. Dylan wasn't wearing a shirt and his shorts were slung low on his hips. she corrected, feeling like an idiot. Kelli's hands automatically gripped his upper arms, holding on to him tightly just incase he tried to back away. Her eyes closed the second her lips made contact with his. The soft, warmth of his lips pressed against her own had her fighting the impulse to kiss him harder. Dylan's arms move under her grip. It took one very long minute for Kelli to fully process everything Dylan had said. He shrugged his shoulders, an innocent look on his face. Kelli felt that familiar heat rushing back to her face. My mother said that it helps me think, but it doesn't really. To anyone in the hall, I must've looked like a crazed lunatic, pacing with a box full of my prized possessions in front of a run down apartment door. Sighing inaudibly to myself, I shuffled forward to the door. I set my box on the stained carpets beside the door, and opened it, setting my sleeping bag gently on the carpet, like it was worth millions. After I had finished, I pulled out my rusted wok, and brought it into the kitchen. I dumped some of the cinnamon into the wok, and set the stove on low. I knew I'd be starting school the next day. It sucked, how I had to go in to the education district office the day before, so they could formally test my abilities. Anyway, they said I was at a grade twelve level. I've never been to school before in my life, and quite frankly, I'm terrified. After she must have seen my confused face, she explained that I go to the office, which is usually located at the front of the school. Sighing to myself, I placed the rest of the items in their previously designated spots, before heading out the door. Besides, getting paid the same as the illegal immigrants was lucky. A car zipped by, tossing her stringy auburn hair across her face as she stared at the road. There along the center line of the sticky hot asphalt marked a gory sight. She'd never been fond of cats in general, but he'd somehow convinced her. It was Hunter squished into the road. Shifting on bare feet she pulled out her cell phone and contemplated it for a moment. She slipped the phone back into the pocket of her rolled up jeans and stood there, waiting. He braved the lessening traffic to quickly grab what was left of Hunter, using gloves to gently place him in a box they found in the shed. When all was said and done she stood staring down at the small mound of dirt. She murmured quickly, thankful for the escape to her kitchen. She handed him the glass, hoping he wouldn't notice her trembling fingers, and sat a safe distance away three steps up. Suddenly he stood and moved up the three steps to where she sat, settling down beside her with a sigh. The times she spoke to Hunter had been an experiment. There was an inevitability in the air, passing over the evening breeze and sweeping through her auburn hair. In the morning she thought she might have regretted her decision, but she felt no remorse. She listened, strained to hear what it was he was hearing. Author's Note: I'm alive! A/N: I've had this for awhile. There was a long pause, time seemed to slow as I watched Mana-Tapper Yatson fall with half of his chest burned and smoldering. shouted my second-in-command, Sword-Fighter November, running over to the boy. I told Magic-Technician Alfred. he repeated shakily. There was silence. As a captain, I knew this only too well. his green eyes met my own green ones. With that he took the left road to a tavern where beer was cheap enough to meet a soldier's salary and the women were not toothless and chunky. B.A.N.G: Battle Acuity Native Guard. What were we targeting? In our world, there was a balance of technology and magical properties. Magic-tech was produced when technology could be powered by large amounts of harvested natural magic residing from the earth's gaia force. I entered the building, feeling a rush of icy air bombard me. Gilke ordered before nodding and marching out. The training room was more like another building. There were trees, grass, and shrubs; there was even a small lake that was twenty feet deep. He was probably in his early twenties. The new MT wore his uniform: dark brown battle-style pants with black lace-up shitkickers (tan leather boots if you don't know), a brown cotton tank, and the MT-issued black vest with the symbol for the rank he was in. The man looked up when he heard me. he asked in that monotone voice. With a curt nod, he set down the folder on the bench and marched until he was a certain distance from his target. he said, hand shading his eyes in the salute. He nodded and picked up the folder he was reading. The next morning, I was twenty minutes early. he said. Autumn had his arm twisted behind him and pressed against the wall. Alfred whispered to me, staring over at Autumn. I couldn't help it, I laughed and so did November. Autumn stared at me for a few seconds before putting his eyes back to the window. I have yet to see him show any emotion except hidden anger. he said with a salute and took a seat. The team was almost ready to fall asleep when a giant lurch shattered any thought of resting. Autumn instructed. mumbled Dillon, using the mana-tracker to pinpoint the stream. Pieces of loose supplies flew out and his hair flapped madly about because the tie came loose. I yelled through a cupped hand. Taking a risk, I slammed my hand on the hatch control and the door came up. he said, finally controlling his breathing and trying to remove himself from my shoulder. I smirked at him when his eyes did a scan of the group. We landed on the outskirts of a neutral desert city called Nanlou. A/N: Got to love stoic guys with unintentional sarcasm. Jealousy Best Served DeviousKaylee loves Ryder, who's dating Celeste, Tyler's ex. Some people suffer for art. For those of you who don't know, Ryder Jefferson is perfection. Pathetic, yes. Every teen movie out there has an ordinary girl falling for a hot, popular jock storyline. Age 11 and nine months- Meet Ryder for the first time. Age 12- Invite Ryder to my very first co-ed party. Age 12 and two days- Hear from a mutual friend that Ryder thinks I'm a freak because of the whole party incident. Age 12 and three days- Apology accepted. Age 12 and five months- Ryder doesn't show for school. Age 12 and five months to age 13 and six months- Pine over my heartbreaking loss. Age 13 and seven months- Tall, hot guy enters our class. Age 14 and one month- Audition for the female lead in school play because Ryder is the male lead. Age 14 and two months- Have first kiss (alas, not with Ryder). Age 14 and four months- Try to impress Ryder and his boys with a shallow dive at the community pool. Age 14 and seven months- Ryder asks me to be is study buddy. Age 15- Ryder brings his girlfriend to my birthday party. Age 15 and two months- Tired of me mooning around the house listening to 'The one I gave my heart to' by Aaliyah, mom sets me up with the pizza delivery boy. Age 15, ten months and 5 days- Throw out all my unappealing clothes and hit the mall to revamp my wardrobe and wow Ryder. Age 15, ten months and 6 days- Apologize again. Age 17- Become Ryder's lab partner. Shelley thinks that my 'obsession' with Ryder isn't healthy, but I say it's not unhealthy if it's love. And I'm not obsessive. A father sat in his luxury office chair, smoking an imported cigar and raising a glass of brandy as he and his middle son toasted the New Year. They're perfect for each other, he thought as he examined Garrett's perfectly tailored suit, barely touched glass and unlit cigar. He sighed. Mr. Bruer put down his glass and smiled at his son, bracing himself for a bad reaction. A father sat on his Harley, looking around his workshop, deep in thought. He didn't feel like celebrating the beginning of a new year. His mind drifted back to the party he had just left and a wave of sadness washed over him. He was more angry that she had hidden her life from him. he said, patting the bonnet of a car beside him. She was the glue that held their family together. He sighed and looked out at the dark street. I SHOVED THE LAST piece of furniture in place and fell back in an exhausted heap on my king-sized bed. Naturally, my parents questioned my mental health when I dropped the bomb that I was moving to New York – as luck would have it, we had relatives in every state but the one I chose to live in. When we hung up, I felt slightly less lonely. I don't know what possessed me to browse through the personals online, but I found my cursor hovering over  on a popular site similar to Craig's List. It was the  that sold me. Dear Sir, I began to type, then stopped. I'm responding to your ad for a female companion. I hesitated. What the hell, I thought, and clicked  as is. Sadly, it was mostly the latter. I scrolled down the list of personal ads, and smiled slowly as a thought came to me. By midnight, I had booked two dates for the following day and the Wednesday after that. When I finally turned in for the night, I was giddy with anticipation. Note: Though this story is not a sequel, it takes place in the some world as one of my other stories, Bind Me to Your World. ENJOY! The two figures were now close enough for the night to reveal their faces. Nearly all of the castle residents had gone to their beds when a messenger arrived at the outer gate telling of the two fishermen who had survived trouble on the water and would be bringing a prize to their queen. Calder shared a frown with Emera. While the fishermen justified their actions to their queen, Calder moved to look inside the cart. The prisoner's hands were bound together, most likely to keep it from striking out. Unable to tell if the creature was still alive, Calder reached out in search of a pulse. The first things Calder noticed in the captive's new pose were the eyes; even in the moonlight, he could see their deep purple color darting between the captors' faces. No lady in her most elegant gown could have matched the creature's beauty. To avoid appearing aggressive to the merman, Calder reached slowly and cautiously for the injured arm, but again, just as his fingers brushed his skin, the merman jerked away. Due to surprise from what he noticed next, Calder was unable to respond. After placing the merman on the bed, Calder elicited the help of one of the maids who he trusted would not spill rumors about the strange guest. Calder leaned over the merman and started to clean the wound on his arm and the blood trail it left behind. Wetting a cloth with water, Calder wiped the heat from the man's face. With his naked body exposed, it was very apparent the merman was male, especially with legs instead of a tail. After cleaning up the supplies, Calder sat on the bed, leaned forward and placed his hand on the merman's forehead. Calder pulled back his hand and was caught by the purple hue of the irises. Calder suspected the cause for the strange behavior. Purple eyes narrowed in concentration, steadily examining the full length of Calder's legs. It was as though the merman didn't hear him, or just chose to ignore him. Calder brought the cup close to the merman's mouth, but not close enough to make him feel like he was being forced. Unsure what was being asked, Calder paused before speaking. Once again the merman reached for him. Though taken aback, Calder was not urged to pull away when he felt soft lips press against his. that it was 'inhuman' to boot. Four years. self had been wonderfully corrupted by her online group of gal friends. fart. "Ok. own, but Jim and Terry had noone left. law when needed and keep her brothers on the right track. "Jim! Jim was up. nice with the yuppies next door. fighting back the urge to laugh wildly. "He's been in a few things. think. "OH! guy in it? "Yeah. "Oh my God, yes! confidentiality clause. I wasn't that excited about it. 'Oh no' was my first reaction. Mother found the twins. None of us had been expecting anything like that. My father was shocked and my mother was terrified. Jamie, his quiet brother, followed him around without even looking, not to speak about talking, to anyone. They were problem children, though it wasn't a surprise with their background. As it was clear from the very beginning, things went horribly wrong in our family. My father leaving made me angry. It was a very slow process, but I can remember how it all started. I finally spoke. That moment I realized the whole dread of the situation. What kind of fucking monster am I? I didn't. Instead I left and went to the kitchen. I didn't usually cook, but well, it wasn't as hard as I thought it would be. It had been fifteen minutes since I talked to the twins. They followed me to the kitchen and I served them fried eggs with corn-pea-macaroni in soy sauce. As I said, it happened slowly. Emery was running his mouth all the time, I was called all the names he could come up with and regularly he threw stuff at me, like books and plates. I spend an increasingly large amount of time with them and took care of increasingly many things concerning them, like their school, clothes, food and limits. And just like that, little by little, I started to love them, wholly and unconditionally, like a parent. The best of it was that they started to love me back. In the beginning the twins seemed so different that it was almost funny they had identical looks, but as time went by I learned that they were really alike. I never forgot that. We've come a long way. Disclaimer: I am the creator and the storyteller. Madison Parker was one of those people who liked to stay on the sideline and people-watch. Therefore, although she shared a number of classes with Asher Greaves, she never really had much to do with him. They hadn't talked once, if one discounts that polite   when they had bumped into each other in the library in the first few weeks of starting College. In fact, they probably would have gotten through College with that one exchange as the only time they had conversed with the other, had Nina Drew's boyfriend not been hunting Asher down with his team mates in a fit of jealous rage after Asher and Nina had…well, you know. Tuesday morning dawned mild and slowly warming. Madison groaned in agony and curled up into a tighter ball beneath her duvet. Around her were used up tissues that were scattered everywhere and a large mug of halls soothing lemon drink for sore throats and itchy coughs was left by her bed to cool off. Pulling the bed covers further up her body and tucked snugly under her chin, Madison sniffled miserably. Madison sighed dejectedly and closed her tired eyes. It didn't take long before sleep claimed her. Staring around her room for a while, the bang didn't come again. The naked guy seemed to be shaken by Madison's terrifying war cry and scrambled to his feet, yanking on something that was caught on the edge of the windowsill. There was a pained grunt and Madison felt a temporary flash of smug satisfaction that she had managed to hit her target without even looking. A hairbrush narrowly missed the guy's face and sailed out the window to land on some unsuspecting fool's head two-story's below. Madison's hand finally closed around something large and heavy. The stranger hissed, grabbing the tiny fists that were trying to pummel him and holding them down to the mattress with little effort required. Okay. Madison huffed in indignation. Madison's eyes once again narrowed to cat-like slits. Madison just gave the hand a puzzled look (she felt a little disgusted, too. Asher intoned cheerfully as he let his hand slide away. Madison spluttered as she shakily got to her feet. Madison opened her mouth to unleash a particularly scathing retort about Asher's own state of dress (or lack thereof) when a wave of dizziness hit her and she nearly ended up face first on the floor. 3. Madison felt physically sick, red heat spreading across her cheeks like fire for the hundredth time that day. And Asher was just staring over his shoulder. Elissa ran through her black cropped hair nervously. Although she was a girl, what she lacked in strength, she made up for speed and agility. But Kevin caught the brief exchange between the two. She yelled before she fell. Elissa felt Kevin's muscular abs under his white tank top. Wait - WHAT WERE THEY DOING! Ryan and Zach called out. Elissa blushed. Elissa rolled her eyes and got up. Kevin grinned, lighting up his handsome face. Elissa's heart skipped a beat. Slowly, she felt her face heating up again. It was going to rain. Elissa struggled to hold her books as she cut across the courtyard to her classroom. Elissa had some trouble holding down her skirt. Suddenly, she caught sight of a tall figure, Kevin Tyler, in front, one of the hottest seniors in school. The wind ruffled his soft auburn hair, and he tried to press it down with his hand. Just then, he saw her. Suddenly, the wind streaked under her legs, but as Elissa's hand had loosened her hold on her skirt, it flared up, revealing her pink undies and slim thighs. The boys halted in their tracks and cocked one eyebrow up, wolf whistling at her. A week later, the school newsletter was out. Kevin Tyler always irked her. She threw down her backpack and flopped on the bed. A/n: Okay! I own them! means perfectly straight and highlighted either. used to read about the presidents all the time". up my cheeks. settled over me once more. me! That being said, if you attempt to plagiarize any of my work, I will find you. So. I quickly held on to the rough surface of the wall to prevent myself from tumbling down the carpeted stairs. My jaw dropped as an army of tall, broad-shouldered boys wearing Dreyson Dragons sweaters rushed past me and towards the front row seats. Ah, heck. The school director says the same thing every year. My other pokemons are all level three. I instinctively covered my ears as the girls around me began leaping to their feet and howling like rabid, crack-whore hyenas. Ugh. The angry squeal of microphone feedback told me that Jameson Xavier Sterling had conquered the stage and had taken the microphone. I will even agree with you that he is quite the male specimen. Yeah. Class President. Oh. My blood instantly froze. Crap. So sue me. Just enough to read books. Um… He called my name to… get my attention? Wait, what? Maybe a ghost possessed him? Oh, the daily snide,  insults. Oh, mighty Cthulhu. Great. No way that confession was real. The weather was gorgeous. Behind her, she heard cheerful whistling. Even as she hated him fiercely, she was still entirely too aware of the fact that he was gorgeous. She didn't turn around to face him. Slowly, ever so slowly, she lowered herself so she could sit on the deck. They wouldn't accept the blame. Florence had worked in that antique shop both part time and fulltime until she graduated from the University of Toronto with a BA in journalism. Her job pretty much entailed receiving a paparazzi photograph and making a juicy story to go along with it. Although she had been working fulltime, she didn't make as much as she could for the simple reason that too often her stories were considered not edgy enough. However, living in LA was expensive, more so than living in Toronto. Lastly, she had hinted at an affair between two costars in an upcoming romantic comedy. What made this story worse was the disintegration of Wong's engagement that coincided with the printing of the issue that held Florence's article. That week Florence, new to L.A., had her first interaction with a bonafide Hollywood star. You're still sleeping? and. we'd be late at school again, because of me. universe just worked against me. disaster, or. smiled sheepishly. middle of the cafetaria. wasn't very happy with Tom either at the time. Well. your shoes. The wrong came out way too loud. are without a doubt the most. their bad hygiene. Anderson? impossible little sarcastic. "Well. no. let you keep half of it"? slapped his arm. Mickey were partially undressed with hands roaming all over. he ditches his flavour of the week, ten days, whatever. relationships either. God. here it is. He took her hand and then pulled her into a hug. She turned from the sad sight and looked into his miserable gaze. The alarm suddenly rang shrilly in my ear. that was Agnes, my roommate. Agnes and I shared an apartment. Joshua Arnold O'Brien was the love of my life. After combing my hair and slipping into a pair of sweatpants and a loose t-shirt, I grabbed the key to his door off my dresser and left to visit. The strong aroma of coffee drifted through the air, along with the sweet smell of waffles and syrup. his voice was almost too soft to hear, but the walls were paper thin. I heard her reply and swallowed my suddenly dry throat. The tray I was holding crashed to the ground. he said softly. the woman asked, her voice husky from lovemaking. I slammed the door and leaned against it. I shook my head, even as the tears filled my eyes. I wailed into her shoulder. I didn't want to move. The darkness surrounded me, calmed me, and nursed my pain. Agnes stepped into the room carrying a plate and a cup. The rain fell hard against my windshield, disguising the night around my car. But wasn't that the whole point of me coming out here? I understood why I had to go. I look like my mom, I have the same fiery red hair, the same blue eyes that changed depending on what I was wearing, the same heart-shaped face. I was what you'd call a tomboy. All of which disgusted my grandmother. I squinted at a turn-off, trying to read the sign. It wasn't until I was down the road that I felt the car sputter. I climbed out into the pouring rain and pulled up my hood and the car's. It looked like I would be sleeping on the back seat. I hurried back down the road to the driveway and started the trek up to the door. I rang the doorbell, shivering and rubbing my arms to get some warmth. This guy didn't own the house? He butler cleared his throat, the signal for me to stop gawking, and led me through to a room with an expensive looking telephone. That would've startled anyone else, but she didn't scare me. He thought I was a gold digger? He stood. I took his outstretched hand, and expected a shake, but he raised my hand to his lips. He walked past me, heading for the stairs. wildly swirling snow. apparently lacking. bizarre way, you are. Quentin confirmed. This is a work of fiction. It was now, awake and melancholic in the gloom, I wondered about who had this room before me. My best and closest friend since the first week of college, four and a bit years ago. I don't care at all about him shoving the papers out of the way. With a deft move of my thumb I reft my earphones out of my mp3 player's speaker jack. Kristian exhales wearily, staring blankly at the ceiling, lips set in a thin line. I could walk the length from my door to the opposite wall if my room in three large steps, the width even narrower. I didn't really care about the size of the room much, it was only for a year and then I could justify having a life (and bed) again. I state matter-of-factly without accusation. Kristian frowns but says nothing, just exhales heavily. He lifts the pillow from his stomach and rotates it in his hands. Compared to me, he's a god among men. Kristian pushes himself up with one hand. An ironclad grip holds my neck and jaw. I'm startled beyond measure, but as he dominates my body, my unconsciousness dominates my will. Author's Note: Enjoy. shit, fuck me you asshole. anita darling © September 2011 – presentTowels and SheetsFULL SUMMARY:She was far from a social butterfly and suffered from diagnosed obsessive-compulsive disorder. I tucked my high heels away in my wardrobe and hung up my dress. I slipped on my Crocs and walked back out of my room and down the hall to the communal bathroom. What didn't please my mother was my lack of boyfriend and sexual relationships:  Me? I heard someone say outside of my room early that morning. I waited in line for the shower for what felt like hours, but was in fact, thirty-two minutes and forty seconds. For the next hour, everything ran smoothly, because I was behind my usual schedule, there was no one about to bother me with anything. So what if I looked like a mess? He smiled back and everything was good as I scribbled away with my BIC four-colour, 0. My face literally went up in flames – or it felt like it did. said the friend. I picked up my notes and took them with me as I left the lecture theatre. a girl said. I replied, a little nervous. I said quietly and not at all firmly, but my cheeks reddened. She reached out and took my hand, only to scribble on my palm with a pink biro. As soon as I walked up the front steps and inside, all I could hear was one of the first-years blasting  by Dizzee Rascal through their top-notch stereo. a voice murmured after almost an hour of summarisation. I repeated, dumbstruck. It was lunchtime on Monday, and I was back at our building with Alexandra, planning our attack in the dining room. The only thing was that I couldn't actually put my plan into action until Friday night when everyone left the dorm and went down to the uni bar. The building was quiet as a mouse, though it squeaked every time I took a step. I got up and slipped out into the hallway. It didn't take long, and I didn't run into anyone while I hung them up on all four floors of our building. In the shower, I scrubbed and I scrubbed, I washed my hair, soaped all over, shaved my legs and armpits, brushed my teeth twice and then conditioned my hair too. It was too early when someone started bashing their fists against my door. I turned my attention to the guy in my room. he said, crossing his arms over his chest. I pinched myself, an action that reminded me that I was wearing only a tank top and my Bonds boyshorts. I cannot believe that I just said that. Actions speak louder than words, said my mother in her romance-wisdom voice. Just a one shot I decided to do for  for her Ridiculously Happy Oneshots Contest. -- Has to be a One Shot-- Has to be more than 2500 words-- The main pairing must be het (boy/girl)-- The story must be Ridiculously Happy ( Yes, all entries will be entered into my C2). Being from a small town, and coming from the loins of a drunkard who could not save money if his life depended on it, I had never left my county. I heard a drawl from behind me. he said with a smirk. I told him seriously, I saw his jaw slack a little bit before I turned around and gave my attention back to my friends. I deadpanned. he said. he said sounding a little miffed he then shook his head and changed his mind about what he was going to say. I turned my head over my shoulder and waved coquettishly to the man behind me. I bought a hot dog with all the toppings except for onions, yuck, onions should be illegal I say. He asked with a smile. he said, nodding his head. he said and stole a fry from me. I said stuffing four fries in my mouth at a time to prove my point. He asked. he said with another lovely laugh. I said with a grin. He asked. he said. I said excitedly. he said. he agreed as we got to the line. I explained. I agreed as we got to the front of the line. he hesitated before continuing on. I said with a laugh. I told him with a smile. I'd never been on a date before. I told him. He said good naturedly. Rarely did I get sufficient time to warn someone that a minor malady was about to befall them. I'd been hoping that the elusive 'something' he'd referred to would be something meaty that I could really build on. And why should I be so desperate to hear negative things about my friend's girlfriend you might ask? I mean Phyllis, what the hell? The setting for Phyllis's and my first date (as Will had repeatedly asked me to stop calling it) was a local cafe, all organic produce and ever so slightly judgemental wait staff with dreadlocks. Oh and she was pretty, of course she was. I responded politely as I buried my nose into what appeared to be a haunch of lamb's family tree. The snooty hippy asked, looking disdainfully down at us as if daring us to admit we had no idea what half the items on the menu actually were. Although, hang on, I glanced at Will and saw that he was looking at me and smiling fondly. One moment I had a vague sort of unease about the success of her and Will's relationship and then – BAM! It came to me in the same way that I sensed all other hurts. Realising how we must look, heads bent together, fingers entwined, I released Will and tried to turn my body away from his into a less intimate posture. Agggggggges ago I promised someone that I would name a character for her in thanks for her brilliant support. I looked up the meaning of the name for inspiration and, together with David O'Doherty's song Very Mild Superpowers (youtube it, it'll make you giggle), came up with this one shot. Since I was what, seventeen. on. mind. Okay. I will be leaving this up for a while, so you can continue to read it while I rewrite it. EDIT: As you can see, the wholes story has been taken down. Overwhelming fear choked Maria as she tried to brace herself for the unexpected. the man tried again, holding out a hesitant hand. Matthew snarled, ignoring the bit Samson was saying about the girl's condition not being Demidov's fault. The girl never let her guard down. Matthew spoke softly. Maria stared at the man. Tears stung her eyes as she bitterly told herself that it was all a trick. Matthew stared at the silent girl. A loud growl erupted, breaking the silence. He whispered, a thousand or so emotions flittering through his amazement. could be. I guess I could have called myself popular. I was the girl who got straight A's, even in insane classes like AP Chem. So there you have it. she panted. she explained cheerfully. I asked, though I wouldn't have been surprised if she had gotten in trouble. When I entered the office and headed for Mrs. Dunlap's desk, I noticed a guy already standing awkwardly at her desk, fidgeting with what looked like a schedule card in his hand. I said. he said, stiffly. I agreed. I assured him. he said, marveling at all of the pictures and paintings hung up all over the walls. I said. he repeated. Ashley said, in her usual lazy tone. he suddenly asked, flipping to a blank page in his sketch pad. he said, pulling his legs up onto the stool and crossing them Indian-style as he balanced the sketch pad on one knee. I think the dropping of my jaw was a pretty involuntary action. When a particular memory came up, I shot up. I shakily jumped to my feet, bending over the table, wobbly from too much tequila. I closed my eyes and turned my head a tad. Jake was establishing himself in the music business. See, Jake wasn't just a random celebrity, no, he had been my next door neighbor for ten freaking long years, until he moved to New York about fourteen months ago. he replied dryly after giving me the once over. he replied, gesturing at me and then himself. He smirked as I had nothing to say and just snorted. Instead of yelling loudly and take the first available taxi home, I grinned and nodded in agreement. That was where the memory ended and a short flashback showed me and Jake. I heard footsteps and felt embarrassed. I whispered through the covers. he said, pulling back the covers that had hidden me so nicely just a second ago. He sighed annoyed, knowing I wouldn't stop nagging if he kept quiet. he snapped, annoyed at my behavior. I muttered satisfied in his ear. I moaned in frustration and humiliation, not knowing which one I should go with. I did, as if lightening had struck me. I wanted to stick out my tongue and telling him he wasn't the boss of me, but that wasn't a great idea, considering the whole situation, so instead I replied:  I knew that wouldn't cut it though. Like I thought, he wasn't anywhere near forgiving me. I shouted, deafening myself. He ignored me and walked out of his room. I sung happily as we entered his room. I took his outstretched hand and let him help me back to my feet. he said and pointed to the bathroom door on his left. I felt a strange combination of cheery and tired. Finally, I lay down and he made sure that the covers were covering me. I mumbled softly and rolled over to Jake. Jake gazed at me. Oh god. This was so wrong. But then, my mind said – finally fully awake – why would you mind? I walked back to Jake's bedroom and finally looked around. Jake nodded, his smile already faded. I waved a hand in front of his face. It wasn't like I cared that he'd never paid any attention to me throughout all these years. Angrily, I stomped down the stairs. So I just stood there, angry at Jake and mostly angry at myself. Jerk, jerk, jerk. I heard someone say behind me and I turned around. Thirty minutes later I joined him in the living room. His next move, I hadn't anticipated. Oh boy, was he a good kisser. he gazed intensely at me. As Jake finally let go of me, I was panting. he said, sounding a bit angry. I grinned and indulged myself into his kiss. I wanted to do so many things tonight, but I ended up writing this story till the ending, which I hadn't written out yet. wanted me to know. Hey again, guys. So this is a (very long) one shot. I humored him. he finished, rolling his eyes. Jake was standing at the bottom of a walkway when I caught up. I took Jake's hand, despite his squirming to get me to let go, and we went up to the porch of the house. The door creaked open slowly, revealing someone dressed up as a zombie. He shrugged. Grinning, I shook my head and placed my hand on Jake's shoulder. Jake's eyes lit up, as if the chocolate Brandon just gave him was equivalent to the night's worth of trick or treating that he already had in his pillowcase. Hearing children's voices approaching from the pathway behind us, I took Jake's hand and stepped aside. I had met Brandon a year before when we were both juniors. I glanced down at Jake. Brandon laughed. He let out a sarcastic laugh. The three of us were slowly but surely making our way toward the north side of town. Brandon replied. I sighed and nodded, unzipping my sweatshirt. I slipped the Jersey over my black tank top and shook my hair free of the neckline. Brandon told me. As he filled in the lines more darkly, his hand went up to the side of my face. Brandon said pensively. I leaned with my back against the bark of a tree and exhaled, watching my breath form in a cloud around my mouth. He walked closer to me, kicking at the piles of dried, brown leaves. I shrugged again. I sighed in mock frustration and let my head fall backwards against the rough bark of the tree. Brandon pushed off the tree and crossed the sidewalk. I shyly smiled back and dropped my gaze to the floor. His words were barely even audible now; I could hear them only because our faces were inches apart. The red Power Ranger turned around to look at me, but he didn't give me any hell for calling him  again. My little cousin just stared at me. When I lifted the Power Rangers mask, however, I didn't see Jake's wide brown eyes and his blonde hair. I screamed from the initial shock and stumbled back. I whispered. First we searched the driveway of the house he had last trick-or-treated at. Brandon and I both spun around and ran in opposite directions. It was getting late. I must've been sitting there about ten minutes when two sets of footsteps sounded on the asphalt, but the noise barely registered in the back of my mind. With a sharp intake of breath, I looked up and my eyes fell on Brandon's face. I bawled, springing to my feet. I launched myself at Brandon, cutting off his words. He laughed softy and hugged me back, pressing his lips against the top of my head. My feet hurt, I had a massive headache, and I was almost too tired to keep my eyes open. I had just gotten home no more than fifteen minutes ago. Brandon had caught my eye as if he had wanted to say something else, but I didn't ask him what it was. As I placed the glass of orange juice in front of Jake, I shot him a look, warning him to bite his tongue. My cousin had nodded as a yawn escaped his mouth. Brandon laughed and casually scratched the back of his head. I beamed triumphantly. When I'd first asked the question, I honestly didn't know the answer. I stood motionless in my doorway with my head tilted slightly to the side, watching him walk away. I finally shook my head free of the frozen daze I'd been in. The End. case to me. only a minute, her mom answered". Mei Li shook her head". you're missing the best song"! framed her narrow face. instinctively sought out a figure in the other room. Nah, I like Sprite. with Sam". same room as them. Sam. for long without being caught. for a moment before smiling. would you? egged on by it. head, who cried out, surprised she would do such a thing. hands of one of Andreas' friends who sat there with his mouth open. started this way, and he was going to see it though till the end. Summery: An ongoing series focusing on a group of friends who would literally do anything for each other. Once again Sheera's nose rose into the air. Tony decided he would stay out of this argument. Tony usually couldn't stand flamboyant homosexuals, but he made an exception for Damien because they were best friends and his flamboyancy was a bit. Caleb and Mai. A short Japanese woman came running out of the dancing crowd and up to the table, her long black hair bouncing around her smiling face. Tony sighed as he sat back. Tony smiled. Tony stayed at their table, nursing a beer, watching his friends come and go for a while. Tony leaned back against the wall, looked up at the stars, and half listened to Sheera go on and on about her current boyfriend. Her phone went off then and she ignored him to answer it. Tony reminded and then ground his teeth together when it was obvious she wasn't listening. Tony inwardly groaned. Tony hated airports. A few minutes later, they made their way into the arrival pickup area of the airline Shane had used and Sheera promptly pulled over. Movement in the shadows farther down the walk caught his attention and as Tony turned he briefly caught sight of a slender guy dressed in black with a duffle bag hanging off each of his shoulders. Tony nodded over to the kid. Yeah. More miles passed with more silence. Tony sighed and ignored the brat's pissed off attitude. Bruises worse now that the hat was gone. Tony was suddenly gripped with a burning anger at seeing his friend's little cousin so badly beat up. Tony grinned as he stretched out his arm towards him again. Tony let it slide. He replied softly. Sheera's phone went off then, and she asked him to answer for her. Sheera elbowed him in the arm, then looked up into the rearview mirror. Tony sighed. was Sheera's opinion as she dragged Shane towards the door. Without a reply, Shane turned and walked away, flipping the bird as he went. Tony told her after a moment of deliberation. Sheera blew out a breath before nodding. Tony wandered off then looking for Caleb and Damien. The baseball cap was gone again, but now in the light, Tony could appreciate what Sheera had commented before. Moving on… because he was so going to stand there and enjoy the view for as long as he could… Shane had removed his black jacket and was only in black slacks and a dark blue long sleeved t-shirt. He reached down, intent on buttoning his shirt back up, but Tony was having none of that. Tony looked up into his face, saw he was looking away, biting his lip as Tony pushed and prodded. Liar! Tony suddenly stood and towered over his effeminate friend, glowering at him and effectively cutting off his rant. Oh Goddammit! Sheera was looking exceptionally pleased. It was nearing three in the morning; they were sitting at the regular reserved table, when Shane told Sheera they needed to go. Sheera blew him a kiss and flounced away. There's a sub-field buried somewhere deep in the realm of neuroscience – not under any circumstances a specialty of mine, but intriguing all the same – that deals with the human perception of time. When I was a year old, one year was equal to 100 percent of my life. The more advanced part comes in when you look towards the future. But that doesn't account for time perception. Out of sheer boredom during my senior year of college I added up the numbers, all the way to 1/21 which is how old I was at the time, and came up with a very arbitrary looking fraction that divided out to roughly 3. This strange sense of the compression of time scares me even more than ghosts and serial killers and spiders. I tell my uncle. I can hear him going up the stairs through the wall next to me. I don't know why I asked. When I was a little kid in my old neighborhood there was this one creepy house on the corner with paint peeling off the shutters and overgrown vines in the yard. I shrug. As soon as I hang up I set my alarm for 7:57, because I really am not stoked on getting up any earlier than I have to, but maybe if he comes downstairs and I'm already awake he'll remember how to be somewhat proud of me. It was by far the worst text I've ever gotten. I hadn't told anybody yet, but I had finally broken up with Shiloh. After that he attacked from a different angle. The money had been nice, the tours in Europe, the sort of halfway celebrity status that comes with playing second fiddle to someone with a much more recognizable face. The first four times he had the right argument. Riley texted me back. I moaned pathetically into the phone, tears streaming down my face. I had no response to that. That was what he always called me, and for some reason I used to think it was hot. I'm sorry I didn't stick around to say good-bye, but it's better this way. I sighed heavily and dropped my head into my hands. I couldn't stay here any longer, even if he had been nice enough to rent the room for and extra day. Oh God, I just slept with some guy I didn't even know for twenty-four hours! I jumped up from the bed, then staggered sideways, falling to my knees. Ha. I looked down at the note I still held tightly. I got dressed slowly, and searched around for my keys. This would be the first and last time he ever did something like this. He moved carefully, trying to keep the creaking of the mattress to a minimum. He sighed and turned away. He checked his watch. I wander into the kitchen, still listening to what the reporter has to say. Laughing, I grab a glass from the drainer and fill it with water. I guess everything is still buzzing from when his father was on trial for the murder of some 17 people in a 'boating accident'. I walk back into the living room just as they're playing the Rosschilde clip. What I see on the screen isn't some badly dressed Italian mob prince with some blatantly gay fairy at some cheap outdoor bar in New York. No. This is also nothing compared to what is shown next. We're sitting at a table at the Big Bleu cafe about a mile from the beach. I blush. Ire is a nice guy, exactly like his name. BlackRage: Whoo! A/N: Hello, I'm back with another story! After all, I flounder when it comes to managing my bill payments and all related money issues. It was a non-committal grumble that didn't clarify whether he was disappointed or thoughtful. I sat across from him, anxious, skittish, sweat pouring off of me as if I'd taken a dive in an Olympic pool. I pleaded without shame. Gratus was a corpulent man, not unlike Santa Claus plus twenty more pounds. I nodded. Instantly, my cheeks flamed. To prepare, I scrupulously checked my Gucci suit (the most expensive piece of clothing I owned) for loose threads, lint, or stains for no less than an hour. Mr. Ko's double-storied mansion was built on the side of an enormous hill, overlooking the landscape view of Los Angeles. An attractive man in a semi-unbuttoned dress shirt and gray slacks opened the double stone and glass doors for me. he said, sounding husky as an acoustic singer's. he said. I entered, cutting across the foyer, and marveled at my reflection from the sheen marble floor that tiled the whole house. I also saw him cloaked in a woolen bathrobe, with nothing except a pair of boxers underneath. I added hesitantly as I handed him my business card. He led me into a room that resembled an office or a library. He took a cozy recliner and pointed me to a leather sofa a few feet away from his executive desk. He inspected me, saying nothing otherwise. I placed a supporting hand at the back of my neck as I took a deep, slow breath to relax my stiff shoulders. Dastan quitted the room afterwards. Raiden turned annoyed, as if I had slandered his honor. I slapped him with such force, his neck almost circled itself. he said, quietest he had ever been since I had met him. Truth was, I shouldn't care less. the voice breathed like a dream. I wanted to trust his words, really. Rain fell in cold, wet sheets from the quickly darkening sky and Samuel, Lord Stapleton had no other choice but to slow down his horse, it didn't matter much to him as he was already wet and he had been unhappy for quite sometime now. He should have been there this morning, and if he hadn't stalled so much in leaving his good friend the Reverend Lord Alexander Stanford – who had just settled into his vicarage some twenty miles south - he would have been there. . It was almost midnight by the time Sam reached Rosedale Park, he had taken a couple of wrong turns and his horse had gone lame almost a mile back, so he had to walk. It was such a familiar voice, a voice he had never forgotten and which still taunted him in his dreams. So there's this (really, really, hot) guy who keeps on  bumping into me (STALKER! My name is Susan Milieus. My brother is also surprisingly popular. My younger sister is different again. It's odd. I took him in quickly. 'Well, we were under the impression that somebody had left their rubbish in there. 'It's mine. 'It's mine, darling. 'Your breath stinks. I had locked his locker with a very heavy duty lock and chain. I was coming back from biology with my books stacked hazardously on one arm and the other fumbling with my bag. 'It's me. I hesitated. 'No. 'Teddy bear. Holy shit! 'Street, north of Burke. 'Thanks. 'The party's at ten, Saturday. 'Ohmigod! 'Coz Michael Connor just invited you to his party. 'I didn't steal his locker! 'Julia! Sorry if any of you had wanted updates on Unloved, it's second priority to this, because this is more amusing and not so serious, etc. PieSummary: The pie was savory in my mouth. Yes, you read that right. No. Graham says politely and looks over at me. I would beat him up, but I can't stop looking at Graham. To which I reply,  And walk off without another word. I point towards the upstairs and mumble something like,  Before she shakes her head and walks back to the kitchen. I grab my phone and dial her number. I close my phone and sigh. And I was as happy as I could possibly be because I was now, sitting outside in our shed, where nobody could find me, eating my pie. I stop shaking. OW, OW, OW. His tongue enters my mouth and gently, carefully caresses my wound. I move my hands to his chest and push myself away from him. What the fuck. But really, in my head, my thoughts are racing. Ashlyn is probably standing there, being like what the fuck? I walk outside and then run, because he's walking down the sidewalk and he's like walking pretty fast, and I'm pretty sure that I am going to stumble and fall over myself. He looks at me, a little worriedly and I can't help but notice how his eyes are blue with a little green in them. I lower my face to his and capture his lips, gently resting my body on top of his, as he wraps his arms around my waist and kisses me back, just as fiercely as before. Summary: Myra Reed has the tendency to date lost causes. And now you find out you're gonna have to get used to it-Bob Dylan, If the relations between my parents could be described in metaphor, then they were the Cold War. Then, they would retreat into separate rooms, their steps heavy. When I was feeling especially frustrated and restless, I'd lay on the floor. When my Mom was redecorating our house, I told her I wanted forest green. Every Friday night, when Helen went out with her friends, Wendy and Nancy snuck into her room and stole an old copy of the magazines. I wasn't among the minions. My Mom agreed with surprising enthusiasm. But now, I would never have to live in an explosion of maroon. Once again, battle lines had been drawn without a formal declaration. She sat up in her chair, checking the sunglasses perched on her crown. The corners of her mouth twitched. I glided over to an unmarked box. I rolled my eyes, digging through the box. If I'd set up curtains, I would have rushed to the window and dramatically thrown them aside, allowing the hazy sunlight to flood the room. I looked at my Dad. I almost thought I would be forced to literally scream. Much to my relief, my howling skills proved unnecessary. I went into the main room and flopped onto the couch. I associated my Mom with discipline and lectures, while I correlated my Dad with private jokes and a sense of impenetrable loyalty. My Mother called at least once a week. Often, I felt alone. My phone rang shrilly, making me groan and turn in bed, pulling my pillow over my head to block out the sound. David's voice was accusing and I couldn't stop the rush of guilt I felt. I guessed, pulling on my knee-high black boots. David Quinn was dead to me. I should tell you something about my best friend and his current companions. All three of them were tall, broad-shouldered, with perfect bodies – I would know, having bathed with them several times when we were younger. After that description, I think it would be redundant to say that the 'Quinn Brothers' as they were popularly called, were the target of every single female member of the student population at Clara Academy. David reached out and put an arm around my shoulder, pulling me into his side, hugging me, even as I stayed stiff in his hold. Giving me a mildly exasperated look, Jack turned off the car's engine and got out. The triplets' father, Walter Quinn was a force to be reckoned with when it came to his sons. I rolled my eyes as I watched Anna's cheeks flush with color. By this point you have probably already figured out that Clara Academy is one of those schools. For one, my house didn't have a mile-long driveway and an arching entrance with a valet to take my car. Dad had been the one with all the money, though a substantial amount of it came to Mom through the divorce. I winced as I felt David's surprised eyes on me. He nodded, chuckling softly as he turned and walked in the opposite direction. I felt a sense of foreboding as I turned to look at whom they were talking about and met piercing green eyes that seemed to be watching me thoughtfully. Jack slid into the chair next to me, making several girls in the class groan in disappointment and glare at me. He sounded strangely strangled and I had to turn to look at him. I pursed my lips, annoyed, but followed David into the cafeteria. He had always been easy for me to read, easier than even David at times, because for all the idiotic, annoying things he did, Jack was honest with me. That got a reaction out of me. I nodded. At that moment I had forgotten Gina and whirled on the boys. He'd closed the distance between us and leaned forward, clearly trying to make me uncomfortable, but I'd refused to budge. Yeah, I told myself, taking a bite of my sandwich. Once we'd changed, Anna and I walked into the gym together, and the brothers almost immediately met us. I frowned,  I asked, feeling hurt despite myself. I blinked, feeling the same rush of confusion I'd felt when Gina had told me her theory,  I asked,  I cut off, my eyes widening at what I'd been about to say. Jack's vein thrummed against his collarbone as he looked down at me, and without warning, he took a step toward me, closing the distance between us, threading his fingers through my hair with one hand as his other traced the line of my jaw. I heard my heart pounding against my chest and fought to calm my breathing. Full Summary: A Wallflower. Sony huffed and gripped the strap of her backpack. Wallflower's were unsociable, and no one wanted to socialize with them. Back on subject though, she continued to send dagger glares to the boy in her corner. He continually tapped his feet with his back to her. Oh, well didn't she feel stupid. No, no he didn't. She could hear the conversation that was going on in the principle's office. Geez, the woman made it sound like she tried to kill him or something. Yes, you heard her right. A/N: This story is currently undergoing revision. It was 5:44 A.M. on Monday morning, and Rowan Cartel was sleeping soundly in his nice warm dormitory bed. Layla had to fight to keep herself from gagging at Dane and his ridiculous flirtations. Jerry and Chris sat in their beat up 69' camreo, it was old and beat up but got the job done. Chris was irritated with his questions by now but he didn't say anything. Jerry said as he smoked his cigarette. They reached the house, Jerry carried her inside to the room that would be hers. Sydney slowly opened her eyes and touched her head, what the hell happened? Sydney looked at the two men, she's never seen them before in her life. Sydney rubbed her forehead, feeling a deadly headache come on. She looked at the man who barely spoke, his hair was a mix of light and dark blonde, it wasn't short but it wasn't long. Sydney sarcastically pointed out as she ran her hand through her hair. Sydney said. He said. Jerry told him. Sadie Hawkins DanceSummary: Nicole Stone's plan to ask Sullivan Black to the Sadie Hawkins Dance backfires. As Nicole and Apollo got closer to the park, Nicole was relieved to see that it was deserted. Apollo was pulling harder on the leash – his way of telling Nicole that he wanted to be let off. Nicole walked over to a bench, brushed as much snow as she could off of it, and sat down. She didn't feel sad now, though. She had had a plan. Nicole said, frowning. Nicole pleaded. Fiona said, holding her hands up in surrender. Nicole said. He looked at her and frowned slightly. Nicole and Sullivan both looked around to see what all the commotion was and saw Madison Miller, the editor of the school's newspaper, making her way towards them. Madison narrowed her eyes. Nicole could feel the eyes of every single person in that corridor staring at her. A distinctly male hand reached out and dropped a book on the snow-covered bench beside Nicole; a hand that belonged to Sullivan Black. Nicole said softly. Nicole swallowed and nodded her head. Nicole asked, cutting him off again. she said. Nicole turned around and looked into his dark brown eyes. Nicole felt her heart race suddenly. Nicole closed her eyes and took a deep breath before opening them again. Smiling, Sullivan closed the distance between them, tilting Nicole's head back. Nicole pretended to think for a minute. Nicole nodded. They were seated in a small corner table at the Starbucks down the street. Alexander Lenearts was considered one of the 'popular' guys at school. Alex was the brooding one. Except for Isabelle. The unlikeliest of the couple took the school by surprise. They had met during an English assignment. Since that day, they talked frequently during class, reveling in each other's different opinions. It was a subtle change. She was barely focused on the movie. His arm moved slowly to wrap around her waist. Isabelle had a small smile on her face before she turned around to face him. The small smile spread across her face when she saw he was leaning down to kiss her. Their kissing techniques reflected their major personality differences. Alex, on the other hand, was trying to overpower her. Ever since that night the two had been dating. But Alex insisted on continuing to see Isabelle, much to her delight. Isabelle said, taking a deep breath,  She waited for his confirmation. Oh. The fact pained Isabelle more than it should have. Drawn out? Isabelle was genuinely hoping that they would be happy together. Isabelle stumbled her way out of the coffee shop, her vision blurring because of the tears that refused to fall. When she pulled into her best friend's driveway, she broke down into sobs that wracked her body. Katie frowned, bringing her best friend in a tight hug while simultaneously pulling her into the house. Katie had been Isabelle's friend since elementary school. Katie pushed Isabelle's blonde hair from her face. Isabelle told her, looking to the ground. As if Katie couldn't believe it before, now it's just ridiculous. Normally Isabelle was an optimist, considering Monday a brilliant day that held promise for the rest of the week. She refused to look at him when she entered their English class. From the looks she was getting from everyone else, she knew they knew that they broke up. And so it went, day after day for a few weeks. It was one day a few weeks later that Michael approached her after school. Isabelle shook her head. He hissed, flipping his hair out of his face. Isabelle couldn't decide if she wanted to cry in despair or laugh in joy. Isabelle waited outside the gym until six o'clock when football practice was over. She called out. He asked doubtfully. His voice was cold now, but his eyes betrayed him. She shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the other, fiddling with her long blonde hair in her hand. She said finally. Alex's black hair fell in his eyes, damped with sweat. He motioned to sit on the grassy field of their school. There was a long period of silence before Alex broke it. He mumbled, catching her small hand in his large one. She couldn't help but whisper back. Her voice was just above a whisper, but he still heard her. Alex told her, turning to look into her honey brown eyes. She gasped out, scooting over to be closer to him. Alex placed a hand gingerly on her neck, pulling her slowly down so her lips met his. Somehow Isabelle knew this time things were going to be different. Love. Author's Note: This might remain a one-shot depending on what you guys think or if I am ever in the mood to do something more with these two. I don't really have a family name. For three years now, I have had a specific routine for every day of the week. I wake in the early morning around six. Not that I am so depressed despite my  that I am thinking of suicide or something equally idiotic as that; far from it. I leave my small home at about 6:30 or a little over. You must have guessed by now that this particular store is a bakery, a French bakery to be exact. Upon my entrance every morning, he smiles at me while he is putting new pastries and cookies into the display case. I sit at my desk and wait till the hands of the round clock on the wall seem to cut it vertically in half. Today is Saturday and on these days I give myself the luxury of sleeping in an hour earlier. I head out and take the subway train to a market to shop for groceries. I entered the bakery as if it were automatic. I set my bags of groceries to the side and wait patiently for him. He has thick black hair, so rich and full and long. He would never notice me other than as a customer and I'm too shy and self-conscious to approach him. He asks already taking out a plate. He wanders around the counter and sets the plate with the slice of Lemon Crème cake sitting beautifully upon it on my table. I stare down at the treat in front of me. As enjoy my cake, I hear a clearing of someone's throat beside me. I do manage to say something this time despite my surprise. While I eat, I peer out the window casually and notice it has become kind of misty outside. my head shoots up to find him pointing to one corner of his mouth. I'm still staring at him while I attempt in vain to taste any crème that might be in the corner of my mouth. To my horror and perhaps absolute pleasure, he uses his own tongue and licks the other corner. I really could not believe what I was hearing. I can't take this anymore. I spin around and find Marushi standing right in front of me with a gleam in his warm eyes. My life is now no longer like a broken record or stuck on re-wind. A car wash was ruining my life. But finally, after what seemed like years, Geneva had the house to herself. My mom said as she introduced my little brother to Mr. and Mrs. Whitley. Mrs. Whitley said, and I shook hands with Bobby, who smiled at me. Hunter asked, and Mr. Whitley nodded. I heard my name echo around the foyer. There was a large TV screen on the wall and there were all sorts of cords coming out of the cabinet underneath it. Bobby said. Peter sighed, and he turned off the game. I said grumpily. The kid said in a light voice. I asked, and he turned gave me a quick smile. He said simply, and I bit back a smile. He said slowly, and I grinned. I asked. He looked down at his arm at an imaginary watch. He turned around last minute. We all got out of our tents and decided to walk on the warm sand at four in the morning. Summer was ending soon. He let out, closing the tent. His words warmed my heart. We stared at each other for quite a while. We spent the entire night together. I woke up around three in the morning and he was gone. This is for novel-bigbang on LiveJournal. Full Summary: When kidnapped by a horde of pirates onto an airship, Jonathan tries to make the best of his situation. Near the center of town was a scatter of buildings, all with open windows, drinking in the night. Jonathan sighed. His eyes were still closed when he suddenly heard a loud noise outside of his room. Jonathan didn't know the voices. The footsteps were heavy. Quietly, he sat up and slipped off his bed, his heart pounding loudly in his ears. What was hedoing, trying to talk to burglars, Jonathan thought all of a sudden. Somehow, the burglars had managed to walk over to him without him noticing, and one of them clamped his hand over Jonathan's mouth. Jonathan bit the man's hand and the man yelped. The dark man, Mocca, leaned in and narrowed his eyes. Mocca glared up above Jonathan. This was Jonathan's chance. Jonathan stirred. The first thing he saw was the wooden ceiling. A dark man near her—Mocca, Jonathan recalled—snorted. The woman turned around and looked back at Jonathan, still seated and tied to his chair. Mocca ignored him. growled Mocca, and he toppled the bowl's contents right onto Jonathan's closed lips. The man was unlike Jonathan had ever seen before. the man instructed. The man continued smiling. said Demetri suddenly, cutting him off and gazing at his shirt. Jonathan was tired, and in the back of his mind he was wondering if anyone at the village was worrying about him. spluttered Jonathan. said Demetri, catching a glimpse of his expression. Throughout the day, Jonathan was mostly left alone in his room. They were definitely pirates, by the way Jonathan could tell that everything about this ship was against the law; but they didn't act very much like the type of pirates who were stupid and greedy. Jonathan shot right back. Jonathan was half-tempted to finish his soup as slowly as he could, except he wanted Mocca to leave as well. Mocca soon left with the empty bowl in his hands, grumbling about feisty prisoners. He needed to get out of here as soon as possible. As soon as the thought struck him, a plan began forming in his mind. Jonathan glanced around the room, and cursed that there wasn't anything he could use to help him. It felt like forever until the sun had finally disappeared and the moon was young in the sky. A part of him couldn't help feeling a little bit guilty for leaving—he definitely wanted to leave, but after all the trouble these people went through to capture him… But they kidnapped him, didn't they? He was startled out of his reverie when he realized that quite a few minutes had passed without a single sound of conversation outside his door. He got up from his chair and quietly walked over to the other side of the room, feeling a slight déjà vu of what had happened the night before. Everything seemed to be made of wood. Jonathan continued on cautiously, making sure that he wasn't bumping into anything in the dark, and kept his eyes and ears open for any source of noise or other movement. Jonathan reached the other end of the ship after what felt like forever, and swore to himself. Soon, he discovered a hall that had a dip in the middle, and he crept through to see that there was a large staircase, which spiraled both upwards and downwards. The night sky came as a shock to him. It was large, and marginally bigger than the level below—which was saying something, because Jonathan had probably been wandering around for about a half an hour now. It certainly looked like a balloon: it was fat and puffy and Jonathan highly doubted that anybody was actually in it. There, right below him, was a large wooden wing, coming out from the bottom of the ship. Jonathan yelped and swiveled around. Jonathan didn't know what to say. Jonathan snapped, and then flushed in embarrassment. Comments: I enjoy being random. PS. He belted out, posing in what he knew was an incredibly embarrassing position with his mop, but it was hard to care. he warbled again at the top of his lungs before racing down one lane of washers and dryers, making a sharp turn at the end and then racing down the next line of washers and dryers. Salem muttered back darkly, wincing as he climbed to his feet. Now life was perfect. In fact, when Salem thought about it, he'd been the one to invite Naaki out for coffee, out for a walk, out for a movie. Still, if Naaki wanted dinner and a show, well, who was Salem to refuse? Salem snorted as he tossed the mop to the side and hefted up the trolley bucket of mucky soap water. Wheeling the trolley bucket back into its cubby hole, he turned around just in time to see Naaki eyeballing his butt, yet again. Throwing one leg over him before Naaki had a chance to escape, Salem straddled his lap. Naaki was rigid for a moment, but then he relaxed enough to allow Salem to slip his tongue in and explore. Now, Salem was not a slut. However, how little he knew of Naaki didn't seem to matter too terribly much. No, Salem wanted to protest, it really wasn't! Naaki replied cautiously, looking every inch as if he expected Salem to jump the table and molest him if he dared to blink. Well, it wasn't like he had anything to hide. Really? Well, no wonder Naaki had never told him what he did for a living. Salem whistled. Well at least he was a he, Salem decided. Small fins flared out on the sides of Naaki's neck. Salem shrugged, toeing off his shoes and wading into the surf. Silly man. I have taken down all my stories. Summary. Hi. I was reading a book in front of the school lawn, leaning casually on the ledge, waiting for her to arrive. The guy, who just bumped into me, continued walking away as if nothing happened. The guy walked over, looking pissed off. he asked, threateningly. She pulled me inside before the guy could even react. Misha glanced around to see if someone was listening. Misha whispered as our History teacher discussed a very boring topic. she said, wrinkling her nose. Of course I knew what the other kids say about me. I was reading again in a kiosk beside the school building just near the football field. I inhaled sharply. I snapped. He narrowed his eyes at me and I glared back. They went away, laughing. My locker was trashed the next day. I got to admit that I didn't really know any of my classmates and I didn't even try to get along with them. Nate River didn't stop there. I looked at her suspiciously. I threatened. she begged. she sang. The dreaded day finally arrived. I sighed again and thought of the parties that Misha had dragged me into that didn't really end well. I told him, wrinkling my nose. I stopped on my tracks. His face was void of emotion as he looked back at me. We were in Misha's room, looking for outfits for the party. I rolled my eyes at her and began rummaging through her closet. We changed into our outfits. I glared at her and she mumbled incoherently as we parked. She rolled her eyes. The crowd cheered as I ended my song. I suddenly felt lightheaded. I almost tripped if it weren't for someone who held my arm, steadying me. Nate watched them go away and I used that moment to compose myself. He explained, grabbing my arm and led me to the refreshments bar. I tried to sound sarcastic but it came out as stutters. I can't believe the nerve of this guy. Nate sang in my ear. I paled. She looked really upset for me. Author's note: Yey! How was it? Full Summary: Charlie (Charlotte) is in the business of breaking men's hearts to make them become better, wholesome, husband material men. I had to remove all of my stories because of plagiarism. well, here's the fic that i've been dangling around for a while now. this chapter is a bit long, but a lot of stuff is being introduced and whatnot, and i simply couldn't find a suitable stopping point. and, just so that i don't anger anybody about some misrepresentations. this is a slash fic, which becomes apparent fairly quickly. Black guy? A grinning redhead approached me, and I was momentarily taken back by the amount of metal that was adorning his face. My gaze finally left his face after taking in the fact that his ears were pierced just twice in each lobe, and slid down to his clothes. He pointed vaguely over a shoulder, and my gaze drifted in that direction. She was willowy in a boyish sort of way, and extremely pretty…for a girl. I set my things down onto a space between him and this other guy, and then pulled a chair over from another table and sat down. The guy was wearing a hooded sweatshirt with the sleeves shoved up to his elbows, and while it was once formally black, it had now faded to a charcoal gray. My lips curved into a friendly smile, but his eyes drifted down to the table, apparently nervous under my subtle scrutinization. I explained, smiling slightly at seeing their surprise. Erin asked eagerly, and I nodded, mouth full. Jen asked, eyes excited, and I mentally groaned. Two years ago, he'd taken me to see Vixen in concert, and we'd practically fought the entire time. But despite the mess we made of dating, Shen and I had parted on semi-good terms, and I later set him up with my stepbrother, 'Xander. Well, ok, so he's not that bad. As much as I hate to hear about my stepbrother and my ex's sex lives, 'Xander tells me everything, and vice-versa. My lectures on his promiscuity have failed to stop his rapid perusal through men and lovers, very few of them girls, but Shen appears to be good for him. I gave him a nod, and he gave me a one-armed hug before waving a cheerful farewell at the other occupants of the table and dashed off. and like i said, if i've used anything in the wrong sort of sense, just let me know. little side note: the 6th of august was my birthday! Whedon is going to be there! ENJOY…Hey. Straight to hell. I don't understand the concept of love, and I never have. I was on an MSN group for kids who go to SCHS and as I was browsing the forums, I saw that you made a topic that asked us if we knew anything about Mr. Wicker. Oh, your signature confused me, by the way. Thanks for warning me about Mr. Wicker and his bigoted ways, but was it necessary to send an e-mail? My signature…? And as far as keeping contact with you? Okay, then. I do not have the PedoBear Seal of Approval, because I am not a pedophile! My sister already gave me enough bruises when I tried to chuck her Jonas Brothers CD out of the window when I drove her to the beach the other day. P.S. Why don't you guess who I am? I'm not crazy, I'm really not. Since we're on the subject of creepy people…yes, I think you would be on a group for high school students. I do not like the Jonas Brothers. Trust me: You are crazy. I'm glad to hear that you think so highly of yourself, I guess those self-esteem courses that I was going to sign you up for were a waste of my hard-earned money then. And no, I have nothing to say for myself. To answer your question, it's my seven-year-old sister, Autumn, who loves them. Now it's my turn. You know you love the nicknames. My mommy and daddy say that I'm wonderful just the way I am, and then they gave me a pack of Disney princess stickers. Telling yourself that you're not hideously deformed is necessary! That sounds cool, having all of those sisters! Oh, and sorry for taking so long to reply. Autumn forced me to watch Aladdin and The Little Mermaid when I had to baby-sit her yesterday. Negative racial stereotypes? Music that I do like…well, obviously, judging by my e-mail address, I'm a fan of The Doors. Oh, trust me. My question is: Eddie who? How cool! My family just makes fun of the racial stereotypes--to the point of it being ridiculous. That's the kind of music my dad, older brother, and guy friends listen to. I'd beat you up if you were my older brother, too. Rent The Garden State. P.S.: 34B. I went school shopping yesterday and ended up buying three pairs of jeans, a shirt that I hate, and a hoodie that kicks ass. Sorry for the shortness of this letter. - MojoRising43Author's Note: I get bored sometimes, okay? [AN: A little one-shot sequel to 'Just Drive the Car'. I drop my coat on a chair and start getting my tie off. Joey doesn't follow me, and he doesn't answer. I can't take it anymore. He turns his head a little, then relaxes back against me all at once, so I realize how tense he was before. He's just so damn responsive, it drives me crazy, I hardly have to do anything and he's blushing and breathing hard. I can't help teasing him. he says with a matching laugh. I back off, catching his hand, just the tips of two fingers, and tug him towards the bedroom. He doesn't follow me down. He unties the robe and lets it drop. I stand up to make it easier. I grab his wrists and pull him up, push him down on the bed and pin him there. Somehow, between one breath and the next, my control is gone. His whole body shudders, and then there's slickness between us, hot as blood. Fingers relaxing. I whisper back. He frees one of his hands. Every instinct, every habit is telling me to sit up and grab for the tissues, make a joke, defuse the tension. I raise myself just enough to meet his eyes. His smile is so sweet I can't stand it. You think it would be totally easy living a life where you had enough money to buy yourself a private island. My dad was wearing that same emotionless mask of his. Was that it? Yes, I know. I just folded my arms across my chest. I was sprawled across my bed, petting my grey, tiger-cat, Spaz. She googled the Schechter website and read the 'About Us' section of the site. I clasped my hands over my face when Tiffany let out a deafening scream. In the picture, he was wearing the most tight-ass jeans I'd ever seen. Not surprising. I moved him, so I was holding him from under his arms and held him a foot away from my face. A/N: Oh, yes. Summary2: The Devil gives JT DiCarlo one week to explain to him why she deserves to live. A/N2: I feel so god-like right now. Nodding appreciatively, I cross my arms about my chest and crane my neck upwards, taking in every pixel of his near-naked body. However, his square jaw and note-worthy white teeth are definitely not in the same league as those eyes of his. I blink. My eyes practically bug out of my skull and I cannot, for the sake of my sanity, look away. Being a complete and total jerk, the Abercrombie model (I dunno what else to call him, but what else is he but thus? Next, the girl's plaid, tear-stained jumper catches on fire when some of the melted glass lands on the collar of her polo shirt. Frankly, I don't care who sees me or what they think, because I'm acting on pure instinct. Oh. I merely gape like a fish without water, holding it gingerly with my numb, sweaty fingers. I point towards. Looking over to where the scene happened, I see the silly Verizon guy handing out pamphlets to the woman and her daughter that was supposed to be on fire not thirty seconds ago. Lying on my living room floor, I relish in the new found warmth of the fireplace, the homey grace of the orange flames glancing off the reflective side of my square of wrapping paper. I roll over onto my stomach and shove the package under the tree, the first of many to find a new, pine-scented home. Where is he? Not surprisingly, I get a text from Ashley, who has still yet to lay off about the whole mall thing. Grinning happily to myself, I read it, the teenager in me just overjoyed at the thought that my boyfriend texted me at midnight on Christmas Eve to wish me a happy holiday. I sharply inhale. I blush furiously after reviewing what I just said. Brazenly, he brings the jug back to his lips and spits the milk back into the bottle. I blink. He just stares at me, his head cocked at an ignorant angle. he asks me. Did he seriously just asks that. I bite my bottom lip, my eyes frantically searching for the cordless that my dad always keeps in the kitchen. I slam right up against it so hard that I can feel my brain clattering around in my skull when it bangs against the steel door. My screams are muffled and useless against his palm and I can feel stinging tears crawl down my face, his body hard, flat and oh so hot against mine. What about Stanford? his drawling, honeyed voice says in my ear. Holy Mother that voice. Hell, maybe this won't be so bad. I find my brows rising. After a moment, he leans in once more. Flames, a pure riot of blue, red and orange engulfing my living room, the branches of our decorated, tinseled Christmas tree withering before my eyes. The fire just disappeared, leaving everything as it just was. Sharply, his hand is on top of my mouth again. A/N: Should I change this to ? in my life, except for my mom's marriage to my stepfather. mistake I see us making is giving up on her… she's the best we've found. --It was Saturday afternoon and I was sitting on the counter, chopping down on sandwiches. I was waiting for my older brother to come down and drive me there. We stepped outside the house, locking it on our way and got inside his blue Volvo he got for his seventeen birthday. He smiled, but decided not to answer. His blue eyes glanced towards me. Adam told me wisely. I stepped inside Papa's pizza parlor, the smell of pizza hitting my nose instantly. A man in his thirties said, with a beard and a beer stomach with his Aerosmith t-shirt emphasizing on his big stomach. He smiled at me, showing off his impressively white teeth. I didn't really get that, but smiled and nodded. He wiped his hands, smiling wickedly, before going to the backroom. A girl with light brown hair, long, skinny but not so it seemed sickly, walked up to me, handing me a brown apron and a note book and a pencil. She introduced herself, and I detected a little bit of a southern accent. I gave her a salute, while she looked at me with raised eyebrows. Oh, wow, what gave that impression, I wanted to ask, but didn't. Good girl. Not much after inspecting the place, I walked up to a couple sitting in booth. They replied at the same, before looking at each other and laughing. They shook their heads, smiling. I yelled to Keegan, who was in the kitchen. I looked behind my shoulder; the couple didn't waste time making out. I shouted impulsively. A scared Keegan came out of the kitchen, his hands flying crazy. I put my face in my hands. When she saw my horrid look, she added,  She paused. Kate girl, huh? I've learned from experience not to butt into other people's business. I agreed and walked over to the nearest table. two chapters. the park. know. flow. she want? disliked. This is wrong. I screwed up my nose, sticking my tongue out like the sixteen year old I was, and fell from the pickup truck, kicking the dirty door shut with the back of my foot. It wouldn't be as bad if the reason we were at the cinemas in the first place wasn't because he was trying to win me over for leaving me in the middle of London. I ignored Danny, turning up my nose and twisting my body under the seatbelt so I was facing the window, my back to him. In fact, the whole ride was silent except for the dirty house music on the radio, which, after his little outburst, he turned up. As she went on about how bad a person Danny Tyson was, I tuned out, having thought it all previously. Her hair was a coppery blonde colour, dyed obviously, and straightened, a sweeping fringe across her forehead. I peered into a compact mirror, groaning at the bags under my eyes, dusted with crappy mascara application skills. From nowhere, a solid body flew against mine, with enough weight to carry the locker into the wall, the metal sound echoing down the corridor in a smashing noise amongst the normal chatter of the busy hallway. A hiss escaped his lips,  I was still restrained, despite attempting to buck away from him. I.. I'm not even joking, girlfriend eight thousand and forty seven actually spoke like an extra from The Hills. I smiled in her pretty, angry, pretty angry face, stepping around her efforts to push me out the door. Heavy baseline music was pumping from the speaker, and 'lad' who might be called Rory- I can't be sure- slid his hands south of my back. But then he was there again, pressing himself to my back, forcing me to raise my chin and stare at his reflection in the mirror above the sink. The fine hairs on the back of her neck stood up. The darkness didn't respond. He disappeared only to return a moment later with a tall glass of water. Her mother glanced at her with warm, sympathetic brown eyes. Annette offered them a tight smile, knowing they could never live up to that promise. Josh nervously ran his fingers through his blond-brown hair. Annette swallowed and nodded. Kimberly launched into an animated conversation with him about the woes of being an oldest child. Annette groaned. Author's Note: PLEASE READ. At first it had been nothing but shy glances and subtle compliments, which had been uttered by stuttering lips. After a month of secret rendezvous and stolen kisses, the knight and the noble's daughter planned a wedding in the village that her father collected taxes from. The bride had been a beautiful sight to behold. The knight was just as handsome. He was the son of a witch, who lived five miles away from the village and six miles away from the noble's home. The first person to see the unholy sight was the witch who had birthed the young man. Without hesitation, the witch concocted her revenge, knowing exactly who was to blame for her son's tragic end. The bride did not even wait. After that, the witch walked back to the church to retrieve her son's dead body and any evidence of his presence. With one final push, all the pain was gone. One of the three servant girls went to the lady's side and helped her crawl away from the bloodied bed where the abomination lay crying and writhing at the feeling of being cold and alone. Heavy boots pounded on the floor, announcing the father's arrival before he even opened the door. Anger twisted the man's once handsome face into something that resembled an ogre. the knight mumbled. Without any argument or hesitation, the man left the hut and rode back home. The small bumps on its head and back were replaced with small horns. It was then that the lady of the manor could not stand it anymore. she explained, grateful that the boy believed every word. So the boy was forced to hunt alone. The next time he saw the wolf, who had taught him how to survive, the animal did not speak to him. Spring was almost gone when the fox revealed that the boy can also use regular shadows as portals to go to different places. After hunting for so long, the boy figured that if he strikes quickly and first, then surely he would win the fight. Pain seized his shoulder as he lay on the forest floor. For days, the bear would challenge the gray-skinned boy. The wolves were watching him, keeping their distance away; but when he left the corpse, the large canines were all over it as if they had made the kill. Without thinking, the boy charged at the bear head-on and leaped onto its massive back. The boy scrambled to his feet and tried to get away, but claws scraped against his back twice and even chipped a few of the horns. When he finally woke, the throbbing pain of his injuries was nothing more than a dull numbness. The boy felt confused about this news. He remembered her ghostly complexion and the purple bags under her dull eyes. An anger he had never felt before began to swell up inside the boy's gut along with a hopeful doubt. Without hesitation, the boy slipped into the shadows. The crowd stopped in front of a balcony where three people stood, two of whom the boy recognized immediately as his mother and father. It was then that the boy could no longer stand hearing the constant truth being whispered among gossiping ladies and gentlemen. A man grabbed the boy's arm in an attempt to calm him down; but the boy lashed out at the man, ripping the neck open to let loose precious amounts of crimson life. The demonic boy roared like the monster he felt like and lashed out at a stranger who had gotten too close, hearing the rip of fabric and the warm sensation of their blood coating his claws like a rainstorm. The knight, armed with sword and armor, swung at his demonic offspring with the shining blade. The moment the knight had fallen, the monster dove at him with jaws open and claws ready to dig into any unprotected flesh. He stood up, searching for any sign of the gray-skinned monster among the massacre in the garden. It took the creature a while to find its mother, who was trying to hide her youngest son in one of the large cabinets in her room. Exhaustion began to creep into its bones, but as it began to leave the room, a terrified whimper reached its pointed ears. It lifted its free hand before bringing it down repeatedly over one side of the boy's face. All of the animals stayed away from it, smelling death and the stench of human on its body. the animal growled,  Still the creature ignored the short-tempered bear. Furious at the monster's tactics, the large animal slumped to all fours before charging forward, hoping to catch the creature in its fury. Air flow was cut off as fangs dug deeper through layers of thick fur and skin, while claws tore open the bear's neck and jaw. It looked up at the sky and roared out its victory, anger, and grief for killing such a mighty animal; however, it could not bring itself to feast upon the bear's meat. When the boy had finished his nightmarish tale, the knights took him back with them to the king's castle to retell the story. As for the gray-skinned creature, it stayed in the forest, left alone to its thoughts of betrayal and murder. Commentary: Just a short one-shot I've had kicking around for a year or so. There was something inherently comical about a nineteen-year-old guy in a toy store, Anthony was sure. It was ten o' clock on a Saturday, early fall, his second year of college, and he had finally given in and reneged on the bet with his sister. What was so wrong with sleeping with a stuffed animal? There didn't seem to be anyone around—not that he cared. Anthony perused the selection of stuffed animals, cringing a little at the bright colors. He put back the puppy and reached for a large bear. It didn't have to be a bear, actually, but he had found that bears seemed to have the right shape to them. Anthony rubbed his eyes and patted the head of a penguin. He began to pull down stuffed animals at random, discarding the ones that were too soft or too stiff. he sighed finally, lowering himself down onto the tiled floor. He set the polar bear aside and grabbed for the next stuffed animal. Sitting up, he sighed and held the black bear up to scrutinize. He should go. The man shrugged back and leaned on the pillar. Anthony stared hard at the man, crossing his arms over his chest. The sudden smile that lit up the man's face convinced Anthony more than anything he could have said. It had been a predictable question, but Anthony thought he would escape before he was forced to answer it. Frowning, Anthony fingered the ear of the teddy bear that had somehow found its way back into his hands. Anthony opened his mouth to snap back a reply, but Jack was already gone, jogging down the aisle and just barely missing a woman with a shopping cart full of baby toys. What a moron, Anthony thought with amusement. She gritted her teeth, and willed back tears. She sniffed, refusing to let the hot tears spill down her cheeks. She'd forgotten how cold it got up here, having spent the past twelve years of her life in sunny California. She found the flash light and went back to the rear of the jeep, crouching down to see the damage. The other alternative was to camp out here for the rest of the night, until the sun broke out or until another car passed by – which she wasn't confident would be anytime soon. Emma stood there for a while, debating what to do. Staring at the cold, uninviting jeep that was over ten years old with a shotty engine and uncomfortable seat padding, the decision was made in an instant. Grabbing her winter jacket, she looped her purse around her chest, heaved her duffel bag full of clothes and belongings over her shoulder, shoved her hat and mitts on, and then locked her car. Even though it'd been ten years since she'd been here last, Harbordale's reputation had stayed the same. Had her life not literally fallen apart in front of her eyes, she'd never have come back here. She'd been bumming it off on her ex-boyfriend's couch, which had been even a lower low than all that had transpired prior, when she received a call from an old acquaintance from Harbordale. And that's why she was back. She'd never really known her dad, and even when she'd lived here as a kid, he had never been home. At first, she'd simply accepted the information and then forgotten about it. An hour later, and she still hadn't reached Harbordale and she was shivering despite having walked 5 kilometers. She rolled her eyes, and continued walking, hating her decision more and more. Praying and hoping to God that it was a gas station or motel, she picked up her speed and began walking faster. Emma walked for another fifteen minutes, the forest giving way to steep slopes and cliffs. It was only when she'd begun to doubt that she'd seen a light at all, that she saw it again. She hesitated, not knowing what to do. she muttered, trying to breathe some warmth into her hands. But this was Harbordale. With that thought, she told her subconscious to can it, and then walked up the pathway. Waiting there, she folded her arms across her chest and rubbed her arms in order to generate some heat. A few minutes passed and nobody answered. He was older than her, that was for sure, but not by that many years. She closed her eyes and sighed, cursing every part of her being. She shifted. And she'd tell nobody the truth either. She looked at him guardedly, wishing that he'd at least throw on a shirt so that it would make her think a little more clearly. But he was offering a roof over her head, a soft place to sleep, and a place that didn't currently feel like it was -50 degrees Celsius. She rolled her eyes as she followed him into the living room, unabashedly admiring his lean back as she did so. Okay, fine. So, anyway, there I was, sneaking into school under the pretext that I was going over to a friend's house for a while, when the fight erupted on the lawn just outside of school. What else could I have done at that moment? I led them right to my house. So my parents sent me to Hell High. attention". sexy. the new fire chief. grandfather. league ever say! to be. have a boyfriend? guts. Ellington. said with a shrug. really really hot out. opening a construction business. tomorrow. days were numbered. A deep seductive voice called out from the shadows, toying with the young girl he considered his prey. She called out, anxious to hear the voice again. Leslie's mother hollered, causing Leslie to groan. Leslie had had this dream for the past few weeks. After deciding on tight fitting jeans and a light blue, low cut shirt, she makes her way to her bathroom. She looked tired, and had dark circles under her brown eyes. When the water got warm enough she started lathering shampoo in her hands and then washed her hair. After a good ten minute shower, Leslie wraps a towel around her and steps out into the cold bathroom. Leslie knew that a lot of girls envied her, but who wouldn't? Leslie had been dating Josh off and on for about the past ten months. Leslie pulled herself out of her thoughts and gave one last look at her outfit before throwing on a pair of flats and heading downstairs. Leslie was a straight  student, but no one knew that but her best friend, Kate, and her mom. Leslie's mom replied, turning to head up stairs to distribute the clothing to the right person. Teresa was also worried about Leslie ending up like her. Teresa's grandmother, Leslie's great grandmother was the only one who had stood by Teresa and her choice of not having an abortion. She could see a little bit of herself in Leslie, and some of her grandmother. Teresa shook her head, clearing her thoughts as she heard her daughter slam the front door behind her as she made her way down the front walk. Leslie climbed into her car and set her purse and book bag in the seat next to her. The next few seconds passed by in a blur. Gabe pushed his foot down harder, giving his truck a little bit too much gas. Gabe was going to be in the senior class, and only had to get a few more credits in order to graduate. Gabe had moved to Wayne to get away from his past and the problems his cousin had caused. Gabe felt his phone vibrate and reached down to get it, not taking his eyes off the road. he growled, looking up to make sure the road was clear for a good stretch before leaning over and reaching for his phone. Those few seconds was all the time needed to cause an accident. As her lovely brown eyes stared at him in horror, he threw open the door to his truck and moved faster than the eye could see. As Gabe leaned back on his heels and stared at the girl, he realized that neither of them had any injuries and their cars were completely wrecked. Leslie woke up with a headache and a lot of beeping. Leslie hears her mother ask. Leslie said, her voice sounding hollow and raspy. Leslie looked down and moved her body to make sure she didn't have any broken bones. Teresa replied. Gabe was taken to a hospital room and thoroughly checked over even though he told the hospital staff that he was fine. Gabe had made sure that none of his blood had been taken and that no one got too close to see that the wounds he had given himself had already healed. The young nurse replied to Gabe. he said, meaning it. the voice was asking a doctor. Teresa said to the boy. Gabe entered the room a little after Teresa, gathering his wits and pushing his wolf to the back of his mind. He sighed and looked up at the girl as he closed the door behind him. The mother took one look at her daughter and then at Gabe and left the room, closing the door soundly behind her. The girl had brown hair and brown eyes. Gabe's heard sped up as their eyes met and he found it hard to breathe. he said, giving nothing more. He said, surprising her. When Leslie's gaze first fell on Gabe, she thought him to be a figment of her imagination. When he first spoke she was spell bound by the even flow of his voice. Mate. He answered her, only partially honest. Leslie, left to her own senses didn't know what to think. When Leslie got to school, she bid her mother goodbye and then made her way into the school. When she opened the doors, her best friend Kate hollered for her and she made her way toward her. Kate smiled at Leslie, reminding her again of why she was her best friend. When Josh started playing with Leslie's hair a little later in lunch and then moved to kiss her neck, Leslie pushed him off. When Leslie looked around the table she found that Kate was staring at her with a million questions in her eyes. She said in a sing song voice. beach. does this guy want? Was he hot"? you do? just changed it around and made it prettier. good short. Text copyright © 2010 by S.C. StephensAll Rights Reserved. Welcome to the last Conversion book in the series! I was going to hold onto this one for a little bit, since my life is uber-busy right now, but you know me…I get impatient. My heart was racing. I was sprawled across the longest, softest leather couch you could possibly image, arms and legs tangled around the most incredibly handsome man you could possibly imagine. But it had been a long while since his heart had beaten its last beat. The harsh roughness of his stubbled jaw brushed over mine and I contained a moan. A cool palm ran up one side of my body, up my hip and along my breast. But I wasn't a standard human, not anymore, and he had never been one to begin with. He'd given me his blood, only wanting to heal me. I also had fangs, just like my husband. One of Teren's hands, the one not actively involved in caressing my body, was making a repetitious pattern through the air: lift, stop, pull back, extend. His arm was coming up, his hand catching a sloppily tossed ball, and chucking it into the other room, where two sets of feet would shuffle off for it, giggling the entire time they raced to beat the family dog to the favored object. We reveled in soft, heated kisses while I mentally tracked how many minutes were left until bedtime. Suddenly the children grew tired of their game with Daddy and decided to crawl up his legs. Reaching down for them, they giggled more and crawled up into our arms. Nika giggled, listening to my heart. Julian peeked up at me. Teren stared down at his son, his finger coming over to brush a lock of hair out of his eyes. I shook my head a little and held them tight. When I'd been close to death, on its doorstep as they say, Teren had done the only thing he could think of to save me. Those questions had driven Teren right to the brink of madness. She'd taken us to see her  a man who really wasn't related to anyone in the area, but was embraced as such because of his generosity to vampires in need. But Teren and I kept our feelings to ourselves on the matter. The twins both smiled and giggled, looking at each other. But I had my reservations about Gabriel, as did Teren. Twins were rare among mixed. It had taken Teren and me over a year to spot it. Our children, literally, felt what the other was feeling. Spike barking distracted the twins from their conversation and they hopped off our bodies to go ruffle the patient collie's fur. Luckily for us, Spike adored the children. Spike thumped his tail against the floor as he sat down. Eyes the color of a perfect spring morning gazed at me; they were the warmest eyes you'd ever see on a person. Knowing my husband only tolerated an all plasma diet, I knew he meant blood when he spoke of food. As a young person, the thought of what you'll be like as a parent occasionally crosses your mind. They both agreed too, loving and craving the nutrient as much as any vampire I'd met. Teren laughed, extraditing himself from my body so he could prepare meals for everyone. Wading through a sea of eager toddlers and a hungry dog, he laughed as he walked out of the living room into the kitchen. I smiled and shook my head when he spelled out that one for them. As he warmed it in the microwave, he sped away to get the dog some food. Smelling the warmth of that blood drifting out to me, I inhaled it deeply, my smile a satisfied one. He raised his eyebrows suggestively, and I bit my lip, knowing he was not talking about what Julian thought he was talking about. She grabbed the cup and swished it back eagerly. The smell hit me first – heavenly, heady, life-giving. Smiling, I looked over at the carbon copy of me. It had surprised me, but their fangs had been the first teeth to come in, and they'd come in as a matched set, both breaking through the skin at the same time. I grabbed their cups as they finished them, rinsing them out and putting them in the dishwasher. Giving him a warning glance to behave himself, I watched him chuckle at me and slip his teeth away. As I was putting the tricycle back outside for the hundredth time, I heard Teren trying to convince the kids that brushing their teeth was fun. As soon as we were done, they stormed off to their room. Following them, we entered their jungle playland room. Teren settled on the floor with them as they begged for which tales they wanted to hear. He glanced at me, leaning on the doorframe with my arms crossed over my chest, and smiled. Nika's little hands came up to clutch his face, bringing his attention back to her, where she preferred it. Teren looked over at his son, and in that instant as I watched them, it was like watching Teren look into a mirror. He looked up at me and laughed a little. Nika sat up straight and clasped her hands together, holding them to her chest. I shook my head and looked at the floor, remembering that day. Then things had settled. Julian piped up, raising his hand in the air, and looking over at me, his pale eyes joyous that he knew the answer. Teren looked up at me. Teren groaned and eyed me up and down in a way that made my still beating heart race. I chuckled at him and gave him a teasingly light kiss. After giving myself my daily shot, a sting that I was completely used to now, I got ready for bed. They had been about two and a half, and we hadn't thought much about plopping in a movie for them and disappearing into for bedroom for a little…reconnecting. Yeah, that sort of killed the mood for me for a long time. We eventually came up with the compromise to at least hold off on being intimate until they were sleeping. A cool body blurred into bed with me, chilly arms wrapping around my waist as a stubbled jaw nestled in my throat. I knew by  he meant me. I giggled and squeezed him tight, pressing my lips softly to his…softly and carefully. He twisted back to me, a finger running through a long strand of my dark hair. Hearing me, he brought those glowing orbs back to mine. I'd been worried at first about the glow. We'd tested them nearly instantly, walking them into the darkest room in the house. Cocking his head at me, Teren leaned in to restart the soft kissing. I bit my lip as I contained a groan. I pulled back and cocked an eyebrow at him. I could only nod and find his mouth, needing that connection to temper the overwhelming love that I felt for him. As I melted into his arms, I finally heard loud yawns coming from the twins' room. Hello, again! Every night, I sit by my window and watch the light fly over the ocean over and over again, warning ships of the deadly rocks lining the seemingly innocent shore. My fingers brush against the pages of the book in my lap, and I glance down to see the story of 'The Lady of Shallot' staring up at me. Sighing, I close the book and set it on the window seat, standing up to go to the kitchen. Once I reach my room, I set down my tea and quickly light the fireplace, patiently coaxing the embers into flames. Standing at the top of the lighthouse, I stare down at the little house, silver eyes fixed on one of the upstairs windows, glowing in the dark night. A light smirk curls my lips, and I leap from the top of the lighthouse, landing lightly on the roof of the small, worn cottage. Padding lightly across the shingles, I lower myself over the edge, toes finding purchase in the windowsill. A smooth, lightly freckled face puts his age from anywhere between sixteen and thirty. Planting my hands on the thick blue comforter, I lean in, pressing my lips against his. The smacks continue raining down on me, keeping me from answering the man's question. He shivers, biting his lip, a small moan escaping him. Pain suddenly explodes in my stomach, and I curl in on myself, groaning. With a snarl, I fling myself off the bed and get to the door just as he's reaching for the doorknob. I scoop him up, before carrying him back to the bed and dropping him among the tousled sheets. I quickly shake my head, grabbing his wrists and pinning them above his head. He gasps as I claim his mouth in a rough kiss before pulling back and pushing up his shirt. I trap his face between my hands, hungrily devouring his lips, practically purring when I feel the moans echoing through him. The pants are slung low on his hips, stretching over the sharp protrusions that look like mountains against the field of pale skin. A surprised yelp leaves him, and I grin, dragging my nails down his legs along with his pants. Sliding my hands to the backs of his knees, I push apart his legs and hoist up his hips. Control slipping with every movement, I lean closer, teeth closing around the side of his throat. I am definitely enjoying this incubus thing. My eyes slowly blink open, staring blearily at the window. My face flushes in embarrassment as I clap my hands over my mouth. Feeling like slapping myself, I slide out of the bed, being careful not to jostle myself too hard, and set about gathering the sheets. I snap the washing machine lid shut with a scowl, turning the knob. Mood dark, I storm back upstairs (or as much as I can with the shooting pain…at the moment, I am very tempted to try human taxidermy on Niko if he ever shows up again), to sort out clothing. After that, I decide to try to get back into some semblance of my daily routine. There was definitely something odd about my stranger last night. I bite my lip, studying the half-finished painting. My eyes wander to the window, staring out at the moonlight splashing across the ground, and the bright beam of light shining across the ocean. Ugh, I shouldn't think about that. What am I even thinking? Shaking my head, I pick up my paintbrush and turn my attention back to my art. Suddenly there are icy hands on me, pressing against my stomach. I bite my lip, looking away. I'm grasping for straws here, but I'm really hoping he'll go along with it. As we work, I can't help feeling uneasy. He doesn't let me reply before devouring my mouth, nails digging into my side. A hand slides into my pants, and a gasp escapes me, which is quickly cut off by me biting my lip. I'm just a twitching mess by the time he's bored of fingers and decides to switch to the real thing. He's more gentle than he was last night, at least in the beginning. Maybe it's because I'm not tied up, but tonight is even better than last. Gripping his arms, I pull myself up with difficulty and sink my teeth into his shoulder. After what seems like forever, he slams into me one final time with a deep groan, making my muscles contract in response. My eyes slip shut, the happiness not dwindling in the least. I sit on the bed next to Rowan, watching him sleep. I've been visiting the brunet every night for the last several weeks, and my fondness for him just keeps growing. Sighing, I lie back, wrapping an arm around Rowan's waist and pulling him closer. My fingers trail along Rowan's side, tracing random patterns as I frown. Letting out a deep sigh, I let my eyes finally slip closed, hand resting on Rowan's back. After setting aside my finished painting, I stand up and stretch, peering at it in satisfaction. My art is not the only thing to change since Niko's appearance; I've been feeling more alive and happy with him around, no longer the hollow shell I once was. I laugh a little to myself, shaking my head as I finish cleaning the brushes. I shiver, leaning back with a smile. The locks are all undone in seconds, and I fall to my knees, crying so harshly I can barely breathe. I slipped another glance at him. I watched him and I thought – enough of this. He looked up and met my gaze. I gave a small smile and began to turn away. That wasn't meant to happen. It was damn near unnerving. I raised an eyebrow incredulously. The sheer arrogance. A small smile twitched at my lips involuntarily. I trailed off. I rolled my eyes. I had no idea on that one. I answered, somewhat lamely. He didn't reply, his face still as stony as ever. There were a few answers to that. I answered lightly, perhaps both a suggestion as well as an answer to his question. I stood up from the desk, and with a final touch of bemusement creeping in, smiled. I considered it one of the weirdest experiences of my life and left it at that. I guess I'd fallen in with the wrong crowd at University. I don't know how you would refer to them. The point is James Hallberry Callson was one of them. Thomas whispered in my ear, cutting me off. Thomas snickered. Thomas joined in. It was like he was simply informing me of the time of day. Thomas muttered from beside me. I said, addressing them both. I nearly laughed just at the absurdity of it. I retaliated. I couldn't think straight. He looked intensely displeased. Back in my apartment block that evening I mulled over the whole of it. I finished dinner and washed up my plate before retreating to my bedroom. I wanted to know more about him. The next day I was back at the lake at roughly the same time. There is no way to approach that bench in a way that could take you by surprise. His tone just made every thought in my conscious mind want to run away to a less intimidating corner. We were discussing – clinically – how to progress with a relationship we didn't have. A/N: This will be a two or three chapter piece only. I can't say I blamed her, really. For once, Dave's smart tongue offered no dispute. I'm not talking about the type of beauty that you see in Playboy lying on some bear skin rug, or prancing around on MTV in a mini skirt with fake tits and beauty salon blonde hair. I once heard Dave say that the woman he'd married is  and that's exactly the right way to describe her. My infatuation with my best friend's wife honestly never concerned me all that much, not usually. Obviously, I denied that I ever looked at Lorena as more than a friend, but that didn't keep Janie from utterly despising her. Let me be clear - it's not as though I was pining away for Lorena like a lost little puppy. Dave and I had been best friends since we were little kids. Lorena had already been living with James for well over a year by the time we arrived. It will probably sound strange to you, but she belonged to us both back then. She had frequent nightmares; at least, that's what I always assumed. If she didn't end up in my bed, I knew she was in Dave's. See, most people think of Lorena as icy, guarded and untrusting. It had been going on the entire time she lived there. Dave said he just stood in the doorway, patiently waiting for that motherfucker to realize he'd been caught with his pants down and his mouth. We used the money from James' wallet to rent a cheap hotel room while we tried to figure out how we would make ends meet. As the nights rolled by, I began to hear their hushed whispers and innocent kisses eventually give way to long, smothered moans and sharp gasps of breath. My anger may very well have cost me the love of my life, but there was nothing I could have done to change that. If she'd been a man, I swear I would have knocked her out. After a few minutes, Dave left Lorena at the table and joined me outside. And that, right there, is how I know that Dave and Lorena belong together. He nearly broke his back working that construction job, six days a week for twelve hours a day to keep a roof over her head. That's why I was so shocked by what happened later that night at the bar. BAMChapter 1Okay. But what I can tell you is what looks like is going on; a boy, around my age – maybe even, shock-horror, my age – is running around my yard, with a spade he's picked up from the garden around the frangipanis and the daisies, and is trying to decapitate my dog with it. I honestly don't know what to say. Bam, screwing up his nose, stands up from the rose bush, blood trickling down from his palms as pressure is applied onto the thorny branches of the bush. Huh. Staring at him incredulously as he flails, putting his legs in the one trouser leg and falling flat on his face – I can't help but think why he has any hope of me helping him after all this. Which now that I think of it isn't exactly in the realm of impossible from what I've seen of this boy. I start to slip my mobile out of my pocket and the boy tilts his head at it as he pulls his pants on right on his second go, asking curiously,  When I don't answer (too busy trying to come up with help lines for this sort of thing. He's pointing at his pants zip this time. It's all just part of some ploy. he asks curiously, and I'm starting to get sick and tired of his act. at my words Bam starts looking upset, his eyes filling up with fear and his lips turning 'o' shaped. Bam sounds so upset about this I almost feel sorry for him, if not for the fact he called me a 'stupid woman'. I snap, as he glares down at me. Giving me another glare he starts trying to fix his pants again and I stare at him, trying to make sense of what he's telling me. Which he kind of looks like. I answer automatically and he grins while I scowl. Looking at him, and waiting for him to glare at me, I'm disappointed; he just continues grinning at me. I want to know, dragging him into the kitchen and then pushing him down on a chair by the counter. Me, obviously. I eye him with morbid curiosity for a bit before I'm forced to look away, open mouthed chewing becoming a bit too graphic for me. BAM BAM! I don't even have a proper NAME for this story. at this! Readers' discretion is advised. I wonder how much longer must they imprison me here. I still remember that moment clearly- and more importantly, him. His innocent hazel eyes that have seen dark secret places where creeping horror lives, clear blinking orbs hold thousands of dreams for me- given me glimpse of paradise where flowers bloomed in the garden, our garden of sin. Yes, I've always wanted to be with him, the only guy who ever loved me very much. How wonderful will it be, if the earth has lost its gravity? That other male voice plays in my head- churning and taunting, not as soft as the other man in my life, but his tone smooth and velvety- capable of waking my latent sexuality. I still feel that twinge of love for him, the other guy. From his journal, I found out he'd been wanting to find happiness. Part of me still thinks I'm the good girl as I've always been to my mother, that I've never really done what I should've done. My mind was afraid of the outcome that stared me right in the face. He was leaving me and there was nothing I could do to stop this. I was the person he had saved, yet I couldn't even do the same for him. he blatantly informed me. I adjusted myself in my chair and picked the pencil up off his desk. The way his eye twitched made me wonder if he was at all stable during this moment. He lunged. I cracked up. he snarled, and there was something frighteningly animalistic to his voice. Alright. I repeated. He made a move to come at me, so I took the hint. When the roof ended, I sunk close to the shingles and propelled myself off. I resisted the urge to shudder at the painfully chipper voice. the voice came again. I slowly lifted an eyebrow. They feared us. Humans, that was. Twenty years ago, in the year 2005, the cure was introduced. Some of those who were infected reacted. And then there were those who reacted positively. Well, , not quite. And now, I was nineteen. I grimaced and refocused back on the little girl. The change in her voice was kind of bothering me, so I chose not to reply. The girl's arm had a momentary compulsion problem. And that was when the agents came flooding into the room, equipped with guns and knives and bullet-proof suits. And with that, they blew the girl's head off. I trailed off, then suddenly swiped the sandwich straight out of his hands and threw it onto the ground. he answered, then took a giant bite out of his sandwich. I shouldn't have told him. I watched him, trying to control the anger, trying to understand how he could do this. I had grown up protecting him. he said, then turned and walked off. Hey, got nothing really to say 'cept hello, and I hope you like the story. Review if you want. In my opinion, crying while driving is just as bad as drinking. So there I was, driving my mother's huge GMC Yukon XL that could plow down a forest. Ah, life. I blinked some tears out of my eyes, focusing on the figure in front of me and staring at it for a split second. Instead of my happy-go-lucky friend successful hunting down his frisbee for his master, my Yukon instead hunted down his life in a split second. I spun around. If I was watching myself at a distance, I would've thought my reaction to be hilarious. As he spoke, I numbly noted his English accent. he replied, bending over to his lifeless dog. I stared at his back with my mouth open for a second, but then a car horn blared me out of my torpor, and I jumped back into the Yukon and steered it to the edge. As he hopped to the ground, I stared anxiously, my tears still determinedly pouring down my face. I made my way around to the passenger side and clambered in, sniffling and wiping my eyes. The ride home was a nightmare. No problem there, pal. Yeah, short chapter. I'm already 3/4 done with Ch. . with his child. Summary: A street skirmish ends up pulling Ezra into the underworld, where he discovers that he's not only a werewolf, but a submissive one at that. I plopped onto the street bench to wait for the bus, leaning against my backpack as a cushion against the uncomfortable stone support. As I admired the fiery strands that fluttered in the breeze, I noticed someone sitting on the other end of the bench turned in my direction. It was a boy, probably seventeen or a year older than me. I wasn't hiding behind my curtain of hair any longer. What the heck was this guy on? I really should have just been ignoring the dude but the stranger was leaning forward steadily, only pausing for my reply. I realized that the boy's eyes were… no longer brown. That was it. I dropped my bag at the entrance of the doorway, agilely slipping my combat boots off with my toes. I roll my eyes, unable to contain the soft smile at the sight of my adoptive mother twirling in the kitchen and humming to the beat of the broom she was using to sweep the floor. Loud thumps resounded down the stairs as my father entered the kitchen to swing his wife into a bear hug. Our son. Alma moved to get up from her seat, but I stood up quickly to direct her back into her chair across from Jorell. I struggled to see through the door's peep hole. I closed the door behind me, eyeing the officers. The taller blonde questioned, leering down at me. The dark haired one laughed. The other man didn't seem so amused. Wait, what? A black strand crossed my vision before I realized with a grunt that I was flush against the garage door. My attacker stumbled backwards holding his stomach and I slid down coughing, but alert in the defense. The black haired, having recovered from my kick, was laughing and pointing at my friend. What in the world? I noticed the two attackers glance at each other before the blonde haired grabbed my arm just as the other launched himself at Maya. My head swiveled around to find a massive black wolf facing off against a flaming lion. This was a dream. I swung back around to find Maya standing in our path, her eyes glowing a fiery red, no longer the usual emerald. I turned around with Maya still in my arms to find the lion sitting behind me. The dizzy spinning in my head was telling me I should have fainted by now. God I love him! He had longish dark brown hair, beautiful hazel eyes, and he was about 5'8 I think. Me? I have brown curly hair, like real curls not those fake curls you get from perms, or curling irons. Anyway back to Tristan. Suddenly a loud ringing broke me out of my of my thoughts. we got in the lunch line. We went to sit at our normal table. Tristan asked turning to me. When I got to the library I pushed open the doors, and walked inside. her eyes widened as she cut herself off, and quickly turned away. she asked. I walked down the stairs and into the kitchen where, my mom, dad, and all of the Emmer's were. my dad came out of the kitchen and to the living room, where we had seemed to move to. 