There are many versions of heartbreak, I've heard it ranges from the Hate stage, to the Regret stage, and finally, to the Revenge stage.
I've heard sometimes it tears your soul apart, and sometimes you just feel numb, completely empty inside, alone, and incomplete. The same goes for love. I've heard many different versions of it; from the usual "it feels like the best feeling in the world, I'm flying everyday" to "it's not perfect, but it's worth it". I've never been in love, so honestly, I wouldn't know jacksquat.
What I do know, is that it doesn't look like sitting on your best friends dirty porch at 3 am on a Sunday, drinking, crying and singing "I'm not the only one" by Sam Smith. No, that is not love. That is love's equally painful, pre-mentioned counterpart. That is heartbreak.
"Sean, you need to pull yourself together," I said, hands on my hips as I stared at my mess of a best friend, crumpled on my front porch. His usually styled to perfection brown hair was in a mess that was no where near considered "artful" and his jeans had a rip I knew wasn't there when he bought it.
"Sean-get up!" I said as I pulled him to his feet. He stumbled up and leaned towards me to whisper something in my ear.
"Your twin sister is a bitch," he smiled, his breath reeking of alcohol.
I rolled my eyes.
What happened to Sean wasn't even a question. I didn't even have to ask. The moment I saw him in a heap at my front door I knew why Sienna hadn't been home for the past two days.
They had broken up. Again.
Sienna was, as I liked to call her; my twin bitch sister. She was insanely popular and as every cliche goes, she hated me. I wasn't her complete opposite as most books portray the whole twin sister thing, one of them ugly and friendless, one of them perfect and popular, and of course, in the book, the ugly sister ends up with the guy the perfect sister pines after.
I'm far from ugly. That might sound conceited, but I truly hate it when girls far from ugly call themselves ugly. Fake modesty is worse than no modesty.
The truth is, I'm not ugly, but I'm not a bombshell. I just happened to get only 75% of mum's perfect, model genes while Sienna got 100% of both mum and dad's Abercrombie and Fitch-model lookalike genes.
I was, the least to say, mortified to find out my sister and best friend were going out when I found out last summer.
Chapter One...
I groaned, slamming my hand aimlessly on my bedside table, trying to locate the stupid alarm which had succeeded in waking me up. When I finally found it, I slammed my fist down so hard I wouldn't be surprised if it wasn't working tomorrow. After grumbling some more about the dreadful contraption, I realised the reason it was waking my up so early. The first day of school.
I groaned again at this sudden realisation. I had been enjoying the summer holidays just fine, and I definitely didn't want to go back to the hell that school was. Daring to open my eyes and face the light that streamed through my curtains, I grabbed my phone. I only had one message from my best friend Melissa, asking if I needed a lift to school.
My family, consisting of my mother and step-dad, were quite poor, so I couldn't afford a car. My best friend Melissa, however, was rolling in money like a pig in mud, and could easily afford any car she desired. We had been best friends for forever, even before I had had a personality transplant, and she had no problem sharing anything she had with me. Luckily, that included getting a lift to school.
Scraping the covers back and allowing the coldness to engulf my body through my skimpy pajama shorts and top, I clambered out of bed and towards my mirror, deciding how much make-up I was going to have to wear today.
My long, dark hair cascaded down my back, having come out of its loose ponytail in my sleep. My pale, but not 'white as a sheet', skin looked healthy and was free of spots. My dark brown eyes looked bright and lively and I smiled at my reflection, showing my not perfect, but good enough teeth. I wasn't model material, but I definitely wasn't ugly. My 5 foot 7, curvy with boobs, body still attracted some attention though.
Heading out of my room for a shower and dreading the day ahead, I wondered where my 'parents' were. No doubt they were passed out at some randomers house, or even in an alleyway somewhere. I could say that I wasn't worried, but I'd be lying. It might be like this every other night, but that didn't stop me being worrying that something would happen to them one day. I didn't really care about my step-father, Harry, I blamed him for the state my mum was in, but I did care about my mum and what would happen to her if Harry got hurt.
My dad, Arthur, died a couple of years after I was born, so I don't remember him or really know anything about him. Seeing as though my mum got re-married, when I was five, we don't have any pictures of him around the house and I don't even know what he looked like.
I don't like Harry at all. The first 10 years of their marriage was great and we all lived like a proper family, eating dinner together and chatting mindlessly. Then, when I was 15, it started to change. Harry started to not be around as much, getting back from 'work' late. My mother looked distressed about it and even though she didn't tell me anything, it didn't take a lot of brain to guess something was wrong. My instant reaction was to think he was having an affair. Getting back from work late, becoming more distant, all the tell-tale signs.
Then, my theory was ruined when my mum started doing the same thing. They were both coming in late. Whereas it was my mother and me being left out before, it was just me now. Their relationship was fine, if not better, again and they were all lovey-dovey with each other, kissing and whispering, but I was being ignored. It was if they had some kind of new infatuation that I wasn't included in.
I later found out it wasn't an infatuation, it was an addiction. When they started coming in later and later, happier and happier, I realised it wasn't as straight forward as I'd thought. Happy in the evenings and depressed in the mornings. That was how it worked, and I was the one who got the depression taken out on them. I ended up avoiding them both and hating Harry. He was the one who had started it and therefore he was the one to blame.
They used to be inseparable. They used to know everything about each other: quirks, flaws, habits and all. They used to be best friends. Now, they can barely look each other in the eye.
Sachi Nakano hasn't spoken to her middle school friends since high school began. All it took was one month into their new year for their once unbreakable bond to crumble. Now that graduation has come and gone, she has one measly summer before she's off to college, and that might be all she needs to reignite an old spark.
One lake house. Four frenemies. A total disaster.
Love isn't limited to romance. Love is more than that; love is the relationship between siblings, the relationship between parent and child, the relationship between friends. And as someone who has never fallen in love, I sometimes find it difficult to accurately portray the emotions one might have when they fall for someone.
But as someone who has had my entire personality shaped by the people around me, people I consider my friends, I understand the connection that binds two people in soul, even if there is no romance involved. I'm fortunate to have people I know I can count on, who've healed parts of me I didn't know were broken, who've fit into my life like they were meant to be here all along.
Friendship, like romance, has its complications. People can fall out of friendship just as well, and that's what I wanted to portray with this novel.
There may be people who aren't fortunate to have someone they can really count on, and there may be people who bicker constantly with their companions, and there may be friends who are even closer than siblings. Friendship is just as intricate as romance, and it is so easily glossed over in novels that people don't realize how essential it is to one's well being.
With this project, I promise there will be none of that. The history, the pain, the heartbreak—none of that will be brushed over. Friendship can be just as ugly as love, but it can be just as beautiful. I can only hope that you'll accept the characters for who they are and who they are with each other, and I promise that this will be a crazy ride.
Here's to proving that platonic relationships can be a hundred times more interesting than romantic ones.
I couldn't believe it, I haven't even thought about them for the past couple months it finally got easier to suppress them as time went on, it was better for my mentality if I forget and numb my insides to not feel any emotion towards them or this situation that became apart of my life but here I was my hands clammy as I felt my heart rate beat uncontrollably as the car came to a stop outside Laney's driveway, ever since my mother called me I became a little shaken up which wasn't me, I wasn't even in my right mind right know but Laney needed to know.
I took a breath before unbuckling my seatbelt and getting out of the car to be met by the cold crisp air of the night that greeted me with every step I took towards her front door.
I walked in seeing the 13 year old sitting in her PJs on the sofa watching some nickelodeon show as I paced myself "hey Miranda wheres your sister?" I asked as she turned with a smile acknowledging my presence.
"She's in her room" she replied.
"Thanks" I said returning her smile quickly before making my way to the staircase hearing my feet tap each wooden panel as I jogged up.
My mother and Laney's where out of town on business so me and Laney where taking care of Miranda as usual but I had things to do today so I was more distracted well until that phone call it's funny how your life can change like someone's pulled a switch for the realisation kicks in and you have no idea what to do but I won't be feeling like that for long Laney was my best friend, my sister and the only person I opened up to, after they left I shut people out and trusted less mainly because the people I'd give my life for left us, abandoned us and broke the family, could they really be that heartless? They must have known this wouldn't end well for us if they left and yet they did but why was my question.
I walked down the hallway landing how can I tell her? How will she react? What will we do? The knots that came to form in my stomach knots turned before I opened the door to her bedroom seeing her laying on her bed with her phone in hand so I walked over and plopped myself beside her, oh here we go.
She turned to face me when her smile dropped and by the look on her face she knew I wasn't myself, no one could read me at all it was always a guessing game when people saw us, it's what we became what they made us but we could read each other easier than the page of a book.
"Hey" she started sitting up as she shut her phone off laying it by her side studying my features carefully "what's up?" She questioned, I was never one to beat around the bush and thankfully neither was Laney so cutting to the point I gave a simple reply.
"Their back" the words left my lips as I looked at her, she looked as is she'd been hit in the face by a ton of bricks, it's funny isn't it how a couple years ago we would have dreamed for someone to utter those words but now we bore bitterness towards them.
Times change and that's all life was made out of time, it's all that mattered but right know in this moment time might has well of stopped for the both of us as I uttered those words it really became real, I wasn't just loosing my mind like I tried convincing myself, no because it was real.
We sat there in silence as I looked at her hazel glazed over eyes till finally she spoke "wait, wait, wait what do you mean their back? Have you seen them?" She asked frantically as she sat up with her legs crossed as I followed doing the same.
"No" I uttered with a lifeless tone before continuing "my mom phoned me earlier their finally home" I said before she leaped forward wrapping her arms around me.
"What do we do? I mean it's been 3 years and they left us?" she asked as I rested my head on her shoulder.
I love Laney she may not be blood but she's my sister, my partner in crime and practically my other half considering we haven't left each other's side since diapers, we're family and I knew she would be hurting to.
Hey! My name is Adriana Lynn Payne, but everyone calls me Andy. I grew up living in a small house with 5 older brothers. Both my parents died in a car crash when I was 5, so my brothers practically raised me. That being said, I grew up a tomboy.
I played sports with my brothers, hung out with guys, and always watched the games on tv. Having no female guidance at all wasn’t easy; imagine how awkward and uncomfortable it was talking about my period and the "sex talk" with my brothers.
Even though some things were hard my brothers did the best they could, and I love them for that.
Being the way I was I only had one best friend, who was naturally a guy. His name was Mason Louis and I knew him ever since I was 2 when he moved down the block from me.
Growing up I was bullied often. I wasn’t the prettiest girl, I had green eyes and long brown hair that I would braid and wear a baseball cap. Since we didn’t have much money growing up I couldn’t afford clothes that were all in style but I didn’t care i loved my faded jeans and my shirts 2 sizes too big.
Something about being a tomboy with no parents made me an easy target to mess with. Mason would always stick up for me but it didn’t stop them, and when my brothers would threaten them they would stop for a little but always start again.
One time some popular boy asked me to formal, but he stood me up. It was just some joke.
But the worse time was when Ryan Ortiz, the most popular kid in school took me out on a date. We were in his car talking and when he tried to do more I told him no. Rejecting him made him angry, cause the next day at school he made all these horrible rumors up about me. He told people I slept with him and begged him for it, just one of many rumors.
Freshman year i was offered a chance to go to school in Paris for two years for free because of my Good grades. I jumped at the opportunity because I couldn’t stand being in this school anymore.
At first my brothers hesitated about sending me away, but I told them I wasn’t happy here. Eventually they let me go.
Fast-forward 2 years.
Here I am 16 years old standing outside my house, bags in each hand.
Let’s say 2 years in Paris did me good.
I filled out. My once flat chest is a size C, and my once invisible curves were now visible. I also gained some fashion sense. A girl name Céline befriended me and took me under her wing. It’s not like I was a total girly girl, I still had my tomboy sense (still can’t walk in a pair of heels to save my life). For instance I was wearing my black high-top converse, high waited denim shorts, and a crop top.
I lifted my black ray bans over my head and sighed, as much as I missed my brothers and Mason it wasn’t worth coming back to this hell hole.
As if my brothers could sense my arrival the front door opened and my 5 brothers poured out of my house, along with a few of their friends.
Michael is my oldest brother he was 27 years old and a fireman. He was the responsible adult.
John was a senior in college, who also was responsible but he wasn’t as uptight as Michael.
Chris was a freshman in college, and he was an insane party animal.
Then the twins Aiden and Alex, they are seniors in high school and big football stars.
Since I was the girl and the baby of the family, my brothers and some of their closest friends always called me Baby. It started out as insult just to bug me and it stuck.
New Book, I was tired of the old ones. this book should be worth your precious time, because time is the only that don't wait for you, you can't edit time either. do enjoy.
None of this characters I use is The Real People im conveying but most of the events in this book are true events that happened to me.
I Was living in miami, but wait it gets worst, I lived in the worst part, people getting rob right in front of you, people getting they ass beat, in front of the authorities, People getting killed in pure daylight, so what do expect from me? to do good in school ? to stay on the honor roll? To not sell drugs? well your hella' wrong then, when your parents don't take care of you,shouldn't I be happy right?
I have a roof over my head, the lights are off, the waters barely pouring from the faucet. oh yeah and my abusive ass father, he's a straight drunk I swear to you. He gets drunk and beat on me and my brother, my brother is older but we are in the same grade he's older by minutes we're fraternal twins but you can tell I am more masculine and he's more feminine, but thats because we're both gay, he likes dick and I love the clit, I don't judge him he don't judge me, and we love each other to death, my mother's a worthless bitch who allows our father to do the unthinkable to us.
Just A Little Something MY MINNIE synopsis. ❤ this story get intense so be aware.
' Should I continue Or Nah?
A/N Hey guys!! This is a new story, one that I won't put on hold! I swear I'll try and make this as much of a comedy as romance, but I don't have much experience with romance... thanks for listening to my babble!! Vote, comment, follow!! -Love Morgiebug P.S. not edited!*******************************************************Slamming my locker shut, I held my math text book close to my chest. Why were these books so damn heavy? I swear one day when I'm carrying this home I'll fall over into the snow and just die! Y'know, if it was even winter.
Chloe, my best friend, skipped lightly down the hall towards my locker.
"Ohmigod, Ohmigod!" she squealed merrily. "Alice-Mae Marie Summer! I have some very important news to tell you!"
"Hi, Chloe." I gave a shy wave.
"Steven Charles just asked me out!" she chirped, her golden blond curls bouncing as she hopped up and down happily.
"Really?" my eyebrows furrowed together, "What did he say?"
"He asked me if I would go to the dance with him!" Chloe always had a huge grin on her face, one that I thought would hurt way to much if I would've worn it all the time.
"The dance?" I asked numbly, she was going to the dance. With a jock. Why wasn't I happy for Chloe? She was always happy for me, the least I could do was be happy for her.
"Yea, the dance on Saturday. Are you mad, Alice?" her expression dropped to a sad looking puppy look. Chloe was so innocent, a few years ago Chloe moved here from southern Georgia and still hadn't lost her twang, even though now she talked like a northerner.
"How could I be mad at you? I'm not mad, I'm happy for you!" I faked a smile, not wanting Chloe feel bad.
"Your lying, Alice, why are you lying to me? Do you not want me to go?" she frowned, Chloe looked weird with a frown on her face. Sure she was still pretty, but she wasn't a frowner.
I sighed, staring into her pretty lake blue eyes and found myself saying, "I just feel left out, Chloe, it's not that I'm mad I'm just... I can't explain it."
Her smile came back. "That's an easy fix! We'll just find you a date and then we can double date!"
By now we were on our way down the hall and on our way to the double doors that lead out to the quad.
"I don't know, Chloe, I think I'll just end up chickening out. Thanks for the offer though." I told her gratefully.
"Are you sure?? I can ask Co-"
"Shhh, don't say his name! We're in public!" I whisper yelled.
She grimaced. "Oops, sorry, Ali, I can be so loud sometimes..."
"It's okay, Chloe, I know you didn't try to." I hugged her before heading into the math-science building.
"See ya at lunch, Ali!" Chloe called after me.
I threw a smile over my shoulder and then continued walking. The sun shone brightly, reminding me of how bright and happy Chloe is.The grass was a bright green, since it was still just the beginning of the school year fall was just around the corner.
Around me, teenagers laughed and flirted openly. That would never be me, only because the only friend I had was Chloe. Other people avoided me, unless they wanted my help on homework. But everyone loved Chloe, we still sat alone though, only because Chloe refused to leave me.
I opened the double doors and went inside the math-science building. What I didn't expect was to suddenly come face to face with Colton. Well not face to face, more like face to well muscled chest.
Colten was the school's ultimate bad boy, he was always in ISS and detention. With his auburn carefully styled hair, bright ice blue eyes, and leather jacket, he was sexy as hell. He was also my crush.
"Sorry," I murmured, blushing a bright red as I looked down at my shoes and trying to go around him. He apparently had the same idea so we bumped into each other again.
"Oops," I said quietly, blushing even redder. I moved to the left again and he did too.
"How 'bout you go right and I'll go left?" he suggested, his voice soft. Softer then normal...
So we did, turns out his left was my right.
"How 'bout we both go right?" I laughed nervously.
"Good plan," he smiled. So we both went right, thus getting around each other. We both went our separate ways, that was the first time I'd ever spoken to him! I giggled like a little girl and broke out into a huge smile.
For the rest of the day, I continuously thought about that one moment, just barley paying any attention in class. I practically ran out of the math-science building after class, hearing Mr. Perry call out a warning for me to slow down but I was to far gone to care.
When I saw Chloe, I smiled even bigger, racing towards her.
"Chloe! I have big, big, big news!" I gushed, panting.
"Is it bigger then the news I told you earlier?" She smiled, while leading me towards our table, which was under a big maple tree, whose leaves were turning all sorts of golds and reds.
I nodded vigorously. "Yes!"
Chloe sat on the table and I stood in front of her.
"Tell me every detail!" she insisted. So I did.
"Ohmigod! Colten spoke to you!" she hugged me before sitting down again.
"He is sooo hot!" I squealed.
Chloe's eyes widened at something behind me, but before I turned around I felt someone lean closer to me before whispering in my ear, "I'm glad you think I'm hot."
Book trailer
Sixth grade was so boring. The kids in here were too immature! Twelve year olds were little morons. Why did I have to be one of them? Being a kid wasn't so bad but sometimes I wanted to be older. At least eighteen years old, to do adult things. To be independent. What would keep people from bossing me around, from treating me like a child.
The teacher walked up in front of the classroom. On her side was Ms. LoVecchio. A twenty-two year old who was becoming a teacher. For the past four days, she had been assisting Mrs. Anderson. Learning from her. Honestly, what was she learning? Mrs. Anderson didn't even know how to teach. Couldn't even keep us under control. What was the poor girl going to learn? How to oversee the chaos?
"Class, I'm going home due to an emergency," Mrs. Anderson stated the awesome news. Two boys in front of me high fived each other when she wasn't looking. Yes! Today was going to be an easy and fun day.
"Awe," one of the boys pretended.
"I know," the teacher bought it, bringing a hand to her chest. "Don't worry though, Ms. LoVecchio will stay," she informed. "Please be on your best behavior," her eyes roamed the class, warningly.
"No problem," I gave a thumbs up.
Mrs. Anderson scolded me skeptically. Though, she looked away from me. "Please don't follow Riley's behavior," she pleaded. In that case, did she want them to misbehave? I was planning on behaving this time.
Gasping, I brought a hand up to my chest, "I'm a perfect angel," I played offended.
Mrs. Anderson ignored me. Eh whatever, she was old and mean.
"Bye class," she waved and headed towards her desk, which was all the way in the back of the room. The whole class turned to watch her. The teacher grabbed her things and walked to the door. "Bye," she said one last time while waving goodbye.
As soon as she was, the whole class cheered!
"Finally she left!" Tony exclaimed in excitement.
Getting out of my seat, I shouted out of excitement too. "Woohoo the old lady left!" I celebrated tossing my notebook in the air and letting it fall to the ground.
"Oh no," Ms. LoVecchio walked around the desks, getting to mine. "You will not start to act up now, Riley," she stated firmly, as if that was really going to work.
"I'm only trying to have fun," I shrugged, innocently.
"I've seen how problematic you are," oh, so she had been observing me? How rude of her. Only wanted to bust me on her first opportunity. Tony was the first one to start the chaos. Why was she only singling me out? That was not fair!
"What is that supposed to mean?" my arms crossed as I gave attitude. These classmates looked up to me, I had to prove to them that I was the best leader ever! In order to do that I had to stand up for them. By going against authority. Besides, Ms. LoVecchio was not a real teacher yet.
"That you're a troubled kid," she explained. "Now take your seat and do your work or I'll send you to the principal's office," she warned. Her warnings didn't faze me though.
Took a look at my own desk and shook my head, "I don't want to," I refused. Like I said, I was popular, therefore, I had to keep my reputation. My dad said it was important to be popular. He didn't care so much about the grades, as long as my popularity stayed up. For a twelve year old. Sixth graders were the cools ones in elementary school.
[Brooklyn]
  I've been in the game for a minute now, meaning I was practically The Queen bitch. Scratch that-I am the Queen bitch. Queen of one of Charlotte, NC's most ruthless female gangs, the Diamonds. As corny as it sounds, we ain't nothing to fuck with. We get shit done as soon as my man Profit assigns it to us.
Allow me to formally introduce myself, my name is Brooklyn Cassiana Heights. I was born and raised here in Charlotte, that's how I started this shit. At only 20 years old, I've already knocked off a couple heads in my career. The funny thing is I never even seen the inside of a court house.
My girl Carmen and I came up with this "idea" when we were in the seventh grade. Both of us had that "fuck school" mentality, so we invested in the streets. We couldn't just start a gang, we had to have connects. That's where Profit comes in at.
Profit used to make runs for this nigga named Snake, a local drug dealer, until he had the sense to branch out and start his own shit.
He was practically untouchable.
Profit became what most niggas in the street refer to as a "Midnight Boss". He got rich over night. He used my girls as a way to get paper. He thought that females were more trustworthy than niggas, so he don't keep a bunch of dudes by his side. Plus, having a bunch of females on his team usually has its advantages.
After Profit became a drug lord and hooked up with Snake's connect, Snake put a hit out on him. They can't stand each other.
It's been six years since then, and now at twenty three years old Profit has the whole state on lock including Georgia, Florida, and Virginia.
Me, I'm the First Lady. He handles his business and I take care of my side of the operation, which is usually the dirty work.
Me and my crew live day to day, and ain't shit gone stop us but death. Together, we got this trap shit on lock.
"Yo' Brooklyn, come here real quick!" I heard Profit yell from downstairs.
I let my pink cotton towel fall to the floor and I turned to look at myself in the mirror. I had a banging ass body. I wasn't Taylor Swift skinny, but I wasn't Monique thick either. I was just the right size. I was a size 12 in the hips with a waistline of 27 inches and perfectly rounded c cup breast. I had to admit I was a bad bitch. 5'6, brown-skin, with dark grey eyes, I could have any nigga I wanted. I smiled at myself in the mirror then pulled my long honey blonde dyed hair up into a messy ponytail. I grabbed Profits t-shirt off of the nightstand and pulled it over my head.
"Bae I'm coming'!" I yelled, jogging down the long spiral staircase.
Profit stood in the kitchen wearing a pair of black basketball shorts and a wife beater. He wore a pair of long white Adidas socks and matching sandals. He leaned against the counter brushing his wavy hair and texting on his iPhone at the same time.
I cleared my throat.
He smiled. "Damn, took you long enough."
I frowned and reached for the refrigerator. "What you want lil boy?"
He put his phone on the counter and wrapped his arms around me. "I just wanted to see my baby."
I stared him blankly, "Nigga you see me everyday. You must be feeling some type of way today."
He laughed. "Brooklyn chill, and what the fuck I tell you about wearing my damn t-shirts?"
I pulled a jug of orange juice out the fridge and sat it on the counter. "It's just a shirt Profit, besides I just got out the shower."